Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3856 IN
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3857 IN
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3858 IN
                          Project Agreement
                 (Financial Sector Development Project)
                               between
                 INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                             AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                        RESERVE BANK OF INDIA
                        Dated March 24, 1995
                                                     LOAN NUMBER 3856 IN
                                                     LOAN NUMBER 3857 IN
                                                     LOAN NUMBER 3858 IN
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT,  dated March 24, 1995, between INTERNATIONAL
BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and the
RESERVE BANK OF INDIA (RBI).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between India (acting by its President) (India) and the Bank
(the Capital Restructuring Loan Agreement) the Bank has agreed
to make available to India an amount in various currencies
equivalent to three hundred and fifty million dollars
($350,000,000) (the Capital Restructuring Loan) to assist India
and RBI in carrying out Part A of the Project described in
Schedule 2 to the said Loan Agreement, on the terms and
conditions set forth in the said Loan Agreement, but only on
condition that RBI agree to undertake such obligations toward
the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) and the Bank (the
Modernization and Institutional Development Loan Agreement) the
Bank has agreed to make available to IDBI an amount in various
currencies equivalent to one hundred and fifty million dollars
($150,000,000) (the Modernization and Institutional Development
Loan) to assist the Borrower and IDBI in carrying out Part B of
the Project described in Schedule 2 to the said Loan Agreement,
Page  2
on the terms and conditions set forth in the said Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that RBI agrees to undertake
such obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this
Agreement;
      (C)   by the Guarantee Agreement of even date herewith
between India and the Bank, India has agreed to guarantee the
obligations of IDBI in respect of the Modernization and
Institutional Development Loan and to undertake such other
obligations as are set forth in the Modernization and
Institutional Development Guarantee Agreement;
      (D)   by a Loan Agreement of even date herewith between
Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) and the Bank (the
Backstop Facility Loan Agreement) the Bank has agreed to make
available to IDBI an amount in various currencies equivalent to
two hundred million dollars ($200,000,000) (the Backstop
Facility Loan) to assist IDBI in carrying out Part C of the
Project described in Schedule 2 to the said Loan Agreement, on
the terms and conditions set forth in the said Loan Agreement,
but only on condition that RBI agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (E)   by the Guarantee Agreement of even date herewith
between India and the Bank, India has agreed to guarantee the
obligations of IDBI in respect of the Backstop Facility Loan
and to undertake such other obligations as are set forth in the
Backstop Facility Guarantee Agreement;
      (F)    Parts A, B and C of the Project are to be carried
out by RBI; and
      WHEREAS RBI, in consideration of the Bank's entering into
the Capital Restructuring Loan Agreement with India, the
Modernization and Institutional Development Loan Agreement with
IDBI, the Modernization and Institutional Development Guarantee
Agreement with India, the Backstop Facility Loan Agreement with
IDBI and the Backstop Facility Guarantee Agreement with India,
has agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in this
Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01.  Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Capital Restructuring Loan
Agreement, the Modernization and Institutional Development Loan
Agreement and the Backstop Facility Loan Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and the General Conditions (as so
defined in each of the above agreements) have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                        Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a)  RBI declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Capital Restructuring Loan Agreement, the Modernization and
Institutional Development Loan Agreement and the Backstop
Facility Loan Agreement respectively  and, to this end, shall
carry out the Project with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate administrative and financial
practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly
as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources
required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph
(a) of this Section and except as India, the Bank and IDBI
Page  3
shall otherwise agree,  RBI shall carry out the Project in
accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02.  Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services
required for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Loan shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1
to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03.  (a)  RBI shall carry out the obligations
set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of
the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively), as defined respectively in
each of the Capital Restructuring Loan Agreement, the
Modernization and Institutional Development Loan Agreement and
the Backstop Facility Loan Agreement,  in respect of the
Project Agreement and Parts A, B and C of the Project
respectively.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph
(a) of this Section, RBI shall:
            (i)    prepare, on the basis of guidelines acceptable
                   to the Bank, and furnish to the Bank not later
                   than nine (9) months after the Closing Date of
                   the Backstop Facility Loan Agreement  or such
                   later date as may be agreed for this purpose
                   between the Bank and RBI, a plan for the future
                   operation of the Project;
            (ii)   afford the Bank a reasonable opportunity to
                   exchange views with RBI on said plan; and
            (iii)  thereafter, carry out said plan with due
                   diligence and efficiency and in accordance with
                   appropriate practices, taking into account the
                   Bank's comments thereon.
      Section 2.04.  (a)  RBI shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to progress of the
Project, the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement, and other matters relating to the purposes of the
Loan.
      (b)   RBI shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of
the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Loan, or
the performance by RBI of its obligations under this Agreement.
                         ARTICLE III
                      Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01.  RBI shall maintain, and cause to be
maintained, procedures and records adequate to monitor and
record the progress of the Project, and of each Investment
Project under Parts A and C of the Project (including its cost
and the benefits to be derived from it), in accordance with
consistently maintained sound accounting practices.
      Section 3.02. RBI shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   Section 3.01 of this Agreement  for each fiscal
                   year audited, in accordance with sound auditing
                   principles consistently applied, by independent
                   auditors acceptable to the Bank;
            (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but
                   in any case not later than nine months after
Page  4
                   the end of each such year:  (A) certified
                   copies of said financial statements for such
                   year as so audited, and (B) the report of such
                   audit by said auditors, of such scope and in
                   such detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
                   requested; and
            (iii)  furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning the said records, accounts and
                   financial statements and the audit thereof as
                   the Bank shall from time to time reasonably
                   request.
                               ARTICLE IV
                        Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01.  This Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the Capital Restructuring Loan
Agreement, the Modernization and Institutional Development Loan
Agreement and the Backstop Facility Loan Agreement
(hereinafter collectively referred to as "Loan Agreements")
become effective.
      Section 4.02.  This Agreement and all obligations of the
Bank and of RBI thereunder shall terminate on the date on which
the Loan Agreements shall have terminated in accordance with
their respective terms, and the Bank shall promptly notify RBI
thereof.
      Section 4.03.  All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any
cancellation or suspension under the General Conditions.
                          ARTICLE V
                    Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01.  Any notice or request required or permitted
to be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement
between the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in
writing. Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been
duly given or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by
mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which
it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
                Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD               197688 (TRT),
                   Washington, D.C.        248423 (RCA),
                                            64145 (WUI) or
                                            82987 (FTCC)
      For Reserve Bank of India:
            New Central Office Building
            Shaheed Bhagat Singh Road
            Bombay 400 023
            India
Page  5
                                            Telex:
                                            953-1185673
      Section 5.02.  Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be executed,
under this Agreement on behalf of RBI, may be taken or executed
by the Governor, RBI or such other person or persons as the
Governor shall designate in writing, and RBI shall furnish to
the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 5.03.  This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                             RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ N. Valluri
                                                    Regional Vice President
                                                                 South Asia
                         RESERVE BANK OF INDIA
                         By /s/ H. Vergin
                                           Acting Authorized Representative
                             SCHEDULE 1
                   Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.    Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:       International Competitive Bidding
      Except as provided in Part D hereof, goods and works shall
be procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II
of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA
Credits" published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines),
and in accordance with the following additional procedures:
      (a)   When contract award is delayed beyond the original
bid validity period, such period may be extended once, subject
to and in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 2.59 of
the Guidelines, by the minimum amount of time required to
complete the evaluation, obtain necessary approvals and
clearances and award the contract. The bid validity period may
be extended a second time only if the bidding documents or the
request for extension shall provide for appropriate adjustment
of the bid price to reflect changes in the cost of inputs for
the contract over the period of extension. Such an increase in
the bid price shall not be taken into account in the bid
evaluation. With respect to each contract made subject to the
Bank's prior review in accordance with the provisions of Part
E.2 (a) of this Section, the Bank's prior approval will be
required for: (i) a first extension of the bid validity period
Page  6
if the period of extension exceeds sixty (60) days; and (ii)
any subsequent extension of the bid validity period.
      (b)   In the procurement of goods in accordance with this
Part A, RBI shall use, and cause PBs and EBs as the case may
be, to use the relevant standard bidding documents issued by
the Bank, with such modifications thereto as the Bank shall
have agreed to be necessary for the purposes of the Project.
Where no relevant standard bidding documents have been issued
by the Bank, RBI shall use, or cause PBs and EBs, as the case
may be, to use bidding documents based on other internationally
recognized standard forms agreed with the Bank.
Part B:       Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in
India may be granted a margin of preference in accordance with,
and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of
the Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2
thereto.
Part C:       Preference for Domestic Contractors
      In the procurement of works in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, RBI may grant a margin
of preference to domestic contractors in accordance with, and
subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the
Guidelines and paragraph 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:       Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Goods and works under Parts A and C of the Project,
estimated to cost the equivalent of $5,000,000 or less per
contract, may be procured by sub-borrowers at a reasonable
price, account being taken also of other relevant factors such
as time of delivery and efficiency and reliability of the
equipment and availability of maintenance facilities and spare
parts therefor, and, in the case of civil works, of their
quality and the competence of the parties rendering them.
2.    Goods and equipment under Part B of the Project estimated
to cost $200,000 equivalent or less, but more than $20,000
equivalent, per contract, up to an aggregate amount of
$6,400,000 equivalent may be procured through competitive
bidding, advertised locally, under procedures satisfactory to
the Bank.
3.    Goods under Part B of the Project estimated to cost
$20,000 equivalent or less per contract, up to an aggregate
amount of $7,000,000 equivalent, may be purchased on the basis
of quotations from at least three qualified suppliers, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
4.    Proprietary items such as software, books and audio and
video cassettes which are not available through distributors or
dealers, up to an aggregate amount of $12,700,000 equivalent,
may be purchased by direct contracting, using procedures
satisfactory to the Bank.
Part E:       Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of prequalification:
      With respect to the prequalification of bidders as
provided in Part A hereof, the procedures set forth in
paragraph 1 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
2.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and
final contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for goods and works
Page  7
under Part B of the Project estimated to cost the equivalent of
$300,000 or more, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and
4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments
for such contract are to be made out of the Special Account,
such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to
the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Bank prior to the making of the first payment out of the
Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3
and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where
payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the
two conformed copies of the contract together with the other
information required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to
said paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the Bank as part of the
evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of  Schedule
4 to the Modernization and Institutional Development Loan
Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b)
shall not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals
from the Loan Account are to be made on the basis of statements
of expenditure.
Section II.   Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist IDBI, RBI and Investment Enterprises in
carrying out the Project, each of them shall employ consultants
whose qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank. Such consultants
shall be selected in accordance with principles and procedures
satisfactory to the Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines for
the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World
Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981
(the Consultant Guidelines). For complex, time-based
assignments, the Borrower shall employ such consultants under
contracts using the standard form of contract for consultants'
services issued by the Bank, with such modifications as shall
have been agreed by the Bank. Where no relevant standard
contract documents have been issued by the Bank, the Borrower
shall use other standard forms agreed with the Bank.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this
Section, the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring
prior Bank review or approval of budgets, short lists,
selection procedures, letters of invitation, proposals,
evaluation reports and contracts, shall not apply to: (a)
contracts for the employment of consulting firms estimated to
cost less than $100,000 equivalent each, or (b) contracts for
the employment of individuals estimated to cost less than
$50,000 equivalent each. However, said exceptions to prior Bank
review shall not apply to: (a) the terms of reference for such
contracts, (b) single-source selection of consulting firms, (c)
assignments of a critical nature, as reasonably determined by
the Bank, (d) amendments to contracts for the employment of
consulting firms raising the contract value to $100,000
equivalent or above, or (e) amendments to contracts for the
employment of individual consultants raising the contract value
to $50,000 equivalent or above.
                           SCHEDULE 2
                     Implementation Program
Capital Restructuring (Part A of the Project)
1.    RBI shall enter into a Performance Agreement with each PB
annually, with terms and conditions satisfactory to the Bank,
including, inter alia, (i) that the concerned PB shall carry
Page  8
out its Business Plan each year; and  (ii) maintain, at levels
satisfactory to the Bank:  (a) gross and retained profits; (b)
operational costs over assets; (c) capital adequacy ratios; and
(d) non-performing assets.
2.    RBI shall ensure that each PB shall adopt and carry out an
annual Business Plan each year, with scope and content
satisfactory to the Bank, including, inter alia: (i) changes to
capital structure; (ii) institutional development programs;
(iii) profitability improvements; (iv) actions for debt
recovery; (v) schedules for issuing equity to private
shareholders; (vi) programs for improvement of
computers/communications; and (vii) programs for human resource
development.
3.    RBI shall provide to the Bank by June 30 of each year,
starting June 30, 1995, an independent review of the loan
portfolio of each PB, carried out by independent auditors
satisfactory to the Bank, with scope satisfactory to the Bank.
4.    RBI shall take prompt action, satisfactory to the Bank, to
ensure the continued safety and soundness of a PB in the event
the tier-one risk-adjusted capital adequacy ratio of such PB
falls below 4%.
5.    RBI shall take prompt  remedial action satisfactory to the
Bank in the event the net worth of any PB becomes negative.
Modernization and Institutional Development (Part B of the Project)
6.    RBI shall enter into and carry out a Pass Through
Agreement with IDBI (Modernization and Institutional
Development Loan), on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Bank, setting out RBI's and  IDBI's respective
responsibilities with regard to the provision of proceeds of
the Modernization and Institutional Development Loan to PBs.
7.    RBI shall ensure that Part B of the Project is carried out
by PBs in accordance with a plan for modernization and
institutional development of such PB satisfactory to the Bank.
Backstop Facility (Part C)
8.    RBI shall enter into and carry out a Pass Through
Agreement with IDBI (Backstop Facility Loan), on terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Bank, setting out RBI's  and
IDBI's  respective responsibilities with regard to the
provision of  the proceeds of  the Backstop Facility Loan to
EBs.
9.    (a)  RBI shall issue Operating Guidelines for the Backstop
Facility satisfactory to the Guarantor, IDBI and the Bank prior
to issuing the first commitment pursuant to paragraph 12 (a) of
this Schedule (hereinafter called "commitment").
      (b)  RBI shall maintain Operating Guidelines for the
Backstop Facility satisfactory to India, IDBI and the Bank, and
shall issue the Operating Guidelines from time to time to
commercial banks and financial institutions selected in
accordance with criteria satisfactory to the Bank.
10.   RBI  shall ensure that  commitments issued under the
Backstop Facility do not result (i) in an aggregate amount of
commitments outstanding to eligible banks (EBs) exceeding
$200,000,000 equivalent (the aggregate amount of the Backstop
Facility); and (ii) in an exposure under the Backstop Facility
to any individual EB in excess of $35,000,000 equivalent.
11.   RBI shall ensure that EBs participating in the Backstop
Facility shall at all times meet eligibility criteria
satisfactory to the Bank, and that any EB that no longer meets
such criteria shall be promptly excluded from participation in
Page  9
the Facility. Eligibility criteria shall include the following:
(i) EBs shall meet capital adequacy ratios satisfactory to the
Bank, which shall not be less than 8% of risk weighted assets;
(ii) EBs shall be in compliance with RBI exposure limits
regarding credit concentration and be experienced in borrowing
and lending in foreign exchange markets; (iii) EBs shall have
a minimum AA domestic rating by  at least two domestic credit
rating institutions acceptable to the Bank,  in order to be
eligible to receive new commitments from the Facility (any
domestic credit rating downgrade would result in ineligibility
to receive additional commitments from the Facility); and (iv)
all undisbursed commitments in respect of any EB that falls
below a BBB rating shall be canceled.
12.   (a)   RBI shall issue commitments to EBs, with terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Bank, including the following:
(i) the conditions under which EBs may withdraw proceeds of the
Loan as Backstop Loans pursuant to the Facility Draw Down
Agreements between EBs and IDBI; and (ii) nothwithstanding any
other provision of this Agreement, an EB shall be entitled to
withdraw from a Backstop Loan only during a period in respect
of which the reference cost spread, as defined in sub-paragraph
(b) of this paragraph, shall be at least 1.5% (150 basis
points) higher than the reference cost spread for the month in
which a Commitment was issued to the EB.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Agreement, "reference cost
spread" for any month means the average borrowing cost spread
announced by RBI for that month relative to one year dollar
borrowing priced with reference to six-month dollar LIBOR, or
an alternative market instrument acceptable to the Bank,  for
at least three EBs acceptable to the Bank with a minimum AA
credit rating.
      (c)   RBI shall not issue any commitments pursuant to
paragraph 12 (a) of this Schedule after a date seven years
after the date of this Agreement.
13.   RBI shall receive and review requests from EBs for
Backstop Loans pursuant to Commitments, and, where RBI is
satisfied that: (a) the event described in paragraph 12 (a)
(ii) of this Agreement has occurred with respect to the
concerned EB; and (b) such EBs are entitled to such Backstop
Loans pursuant to this Agreement, shall issue instructions to
IDBI, pursuant to the Pass Through Agreement between RBI and
IDBI, to provide Backstop Loans to EBs pursuant to the Facility
Draw Down Agreement between IDBI and EBs, on terms and
conditions which shall include the following:
      (a)   each Backstop Loan shall have a principal amount
            stipulated by the EB in its request to RBI for a
            Backstop Loan in a manner consistent with its
            Facility Draw Down Agreement;
      (b)   each Backstop Loan shall have a maturity, not
            exceeding seven years, stipulated by the EB in its
            request for a Backstop Loan; and
      (c)   each Backstop Loan shall carry a variable interest
            rate satisfactory to the Bank.
14.   RBI shall not issue any new instructions to IDBI to enter
any Facility Draw Down Agreement, or to commit, make or
disburse, any Backstop Loan pursuant to a Facility Draw Down
Agreement, after a date seven years after the date of this
Agreement.
15.   Without prejudice to the generality of any other provision
of this Agreement, RBI shall provide to India, the Bank  and
IDBI annual reports, with scope and format acceptable to the
Bank, on the status of the Facility including the eligibility
of EBs and payments of Facility Fees and (if applicable)
Page  10
interest payments and principal repayments.
16.   RBI shall ensure that EBs are allowed to borrow in the
domestic market foreign currency funds and make loans in a
manner consistent with prudential norms, without being required
to match the maturities and currencies of  their assets and
liabilities.
17.   RBI shall ensure that interest rates for foreign currency
loans covered by the Backstop Facility are market determined.
18.   RBI shall ensure that Indian  investors eligible to invest
their foreign currency resources under applicable regulations,
may do so in any debt instrument issued by banks and financial
institutions registered in India.
19.   RBI shall carry out a mid-term review of the Project by
September 30, 1997, with scope and content satisfactory to the
Bank, shall discuss the results of such review with India, the
Bank and IDBI and thereafter take necessary action to implement
the findings and recommendations of such review.
