                                                                        CONFORMED COPY


                                                                 CREDIT NUMBER 3099 VN




                             Development Credit Agreement


                        (Agricultural Diversification Project)



                                       between



                            SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF VIETNAM



                                         and



                        INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION




                               Dated September 8, 1998


                                                                 CREDIT NUMBER 3099 VN

                             DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT

      AGREEMENT, dated September 8, 1998, between SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF VIETNAM (the
Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association).

      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the feasibility and
priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has requested the
Association to assist in the financing of the Project; and

      (B)    the Borrower intends to contract from L'Agence Française de Développement
(AFD) a credit (the AFD Credit)  in an amount of one hundred million French Francs
(FF 100,000,000) to assist in financing the cost of rubber planting materials for the
Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-projects through AFD-Smallholder Rubber Plantation
Sub-loans  and medium-term Smallholder Sub-projects through AFD-Smallholder Sub-loans
on the terms and conditions set forth in an agreement (the AFD Credit Facility
Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower and AFD;

      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing,
to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement;

      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

                                      ARTICLE I

                           General Conditions; Definitions

      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Development Credit
Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985 (as amended through December 2,
1997) (the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.

      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms defined
in the General Conditions and in the Preamble to this Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional terms have the following
meanings wherever used in this Agreement:

      (a)    "AFD-Smallholder Sub-loan" means a medium-term loan made or proposed to
be made by VBARD to a farmer out of the proceeds of the AFD Credit onlent to VBARD
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement for a Smallholder Sub-Project to finance
agricultural inputs for annual and perennial crops, and livestock.

      (b)    "AFD-Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-loan" means a long-term loan made
or proposed to be made by VBARD to a farmer out of the proceeds of the AFD Credit
onlent to VBARD under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement to finance rubber planting
materials for a Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-project.

      (c)    "Category" means a category set out in the table in paragraph 1 of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement.

      (d)    "Central Project Provinces" means the Borrower's provinces set forth in
the Annex to Schedule 2 to this Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to
time.

      (e)    "Dong" means the currency of the Borrower.

      (f)    "Ethnic Minority Development Plan" means the plan approved by the Prime
Minister's Decision No. 542/CP-KTN dated May 20, 1998, for purposes of carrying out
the Project with the informed participation of, and consultation with, communities
with Ethnic Minority, pursuant to the provisions referred to in paragraph 8 of
Schedule 4 to this Agreement, as such Development Plan may be amended from time to
time by agreement between the Borrower and the Association, and the term "Ethnic
Minority" means social groups disadvantaged in the development process and with social
and cultural identity distinct from those which constitute the predominant ethnic
group in Vietnam.

      (g)    "GDLA" means the Borrower's General Department of Land Adminis-tration
and any successor thereto.

      (h)    "GRC" means the Vietnam General Rubber Company, a state-owned entity
established and operating pursuant to Decree No. 32-HDBT, March 27, 1989, and any
successor thereto.

      (i)    "IDA-Smallholder Sub-loan" means a short-term and medium-term loan made
or proposed to be made by VBARD to a farmer out of the proceeds of the Credit onlent
to VBARD under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement for a Smallholder Sub-Project to finance
agricultural inputs for annual and perennial crops, and livestock.

      (j)    "IDA-Smallholder Free-limit Sub-loan" means an IDA-Smallholder Sub-loan
which qualifies as an IDA-Smallholder Free-limit Sub-loan pursuant to the provisions
of paragraph  3(b), Part A of Section II of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.

      (k)    "IDA-Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-loan" means a long-term loan made
or proposed to be made by VBARD to a farmer out of the proceeds of the Credit onlent
to VBARD under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement to finance land preparation and related
services, fertilizers and agricultural inputs (other than rubber planting materials)
for a Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-project.

      (l)    "IDA-Smallholder Rubber Plantation Free-limit Sub-loan" means an
IDA-Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-loan which qualifies as an IDA-Smallholder
Rubber Plantation Free-limit Sub-loan pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 3(b),
Part B, Section II of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.

      (m)    "MARD" means the Borrower's Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development
and any successor thereto.

      (n)    "MARD Special Account" means the account referred to in Section
2.02(b)(i) of this Agreement.

      (o)    "MOF" means the Borrower's Ministry of Finance and any successor thereto.

      (p)    "Northern Project Provinces" means the Borrower's provinces set forth in
the Annex to Schedule 2 to this Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to
time.

      (q)    "Policy Manual" means the operations policy manual setting forth policies
and procedures for VBARD's credit operations under the Project, adopted by VBARD on
September 2, 1993, revised on April 13, 1994 and, as further revised pursuant to the
provisions of Section 3.01 (b) of this Agreement, as the same may be amended from time
to time with the prior agreement of the Association.

      (r)    "Policy Framework for Resettlement and Rehabilitation of Affected
Persons" means the policy approved by the Prime Minister's Decision No. 542/CP-KTN
dated May 20, 1998, for carrying out the compensation, resettlement and rehabilitation
of each Affected Person pursuant to paragraph 9 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement, as
such Policy Framework may be amended from time to time by agreement between the
Borrower and the Association, and the term "Affected Person" means a person who on
account of a change in land use or water use due to the execution of the Project had
or would have his or her: (a) right, title or interest in any property, or interest in
or right to use any land (including premises, agricultural and grazing land), or right
in annual or perennial crops and trees or any other fixed or movable assets, acquired
or possessed, temporarily or permanently; or (b) business, occupation, work or place
of residence or habitat adversely affected, temporarily or permanently, resulting in
an involuntary loss of shelter, loss of productive assets or access to productive
assets, including natural resources, or loss of income or means of livelihood, thereby
adversely affecting the person's standard of living, and "Affected Persons" means,
collectively, all persons who qualify as an Affected Person.

      (s)    "Project Coordination Unit" and the acronym "PCU" mean the unit
established by MARD pursuant to paragraph 1(a) of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.

      (t)    "Project Steering Committee" means the inter-Ministerial committee
established pursuant to paragraph 2(a) of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.

      (u)    "Provincial People's Committees" means, collectively, the local
governments of the central Project Provinces at the Provincial level, and "Provincial
People's Committee" means any one of the Provincial People's Committees in the central
Project Provinces.

      (v)    "Provincial Project Management Unit" and the acronym "PPMU" mean a unit
established by a Provincial People's Committee pursuant to paragraph 1(b) of Schedule
4 to this Agreement.

      (w)    "Provincial Project Steering Committee" means each of the committees
established pursuant to paragraph 2(b) of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.

      (x)    "Rubber Research Institute of Vietnam" and the acronym "RRIV" mean the
institution  established by the Borrower's Ministry of Agriculture through its
Decision No. 208/TCCB.QD dated August 28, 1979, to undertake scientific and technical
research on rubber growing and processing.

      (y)    "Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-project" means a specific development
project under Part A.1 of the Project to be carried out by a farmer utilizing the
proceeds of either an IDA-Smallholder Rubber Plantation Subloan or an AFD-Smallholder
Rubber Plantation Sub-loan or an IDA-Smallholder Rubber Plantation Subloan and an
AFD-Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-loan.

      (z)    "Smallholder Sub-project" means a specific development project under
Parts C.1 and  C.2 of the Project to be carried out by a farmer utilizing the proceeds
of an IDA-Smallholder Subloan or of an AFD-Smallholder Sub-loan.

      (aa)   "Special Accounts" means, collectively, the MARD Special Account and the
VBARD Special Account.

      (bb)   "Statute" means the Statute of the Vietnam Bank for Agriculture and Rural
Development, promulgated under Decision No. 250/QD, November 11, 1992, of the Governor
of the State Bank of Vietnam.

      (cc)   "Sub-borrower" means a farmer carrying out a Smallholder Sub-project or
a Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-project utilizing the proceeds of a Sub-loan.

      (dd)   "Sub-loan" means any of an IDA-Smallholder Sub-loan, an AFD-Smallholder
Sub-loan, an IDA-Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-loan or an AFD-Smallholder Rubber
Plantation Sub-loan.

      (ee)   "Sub-loan Project Implementation Unit" means the unit established by
VBARD pursuant to paragraph 3(a) of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.

      (ff)   "Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and VBARD pursuant to Sections 3.01 (d) and (e) of this
Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time, and such term includes all
schedules to the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.

      (gg)   "AFD-Smallholder Subsidiary Loan" means a loan made or proposed to be
made by the Borrower to VBARD under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement for purposes of
financing an AFD-Smallholder Sub-loan or an AFD-Smallholder Rubber Plantation
Sub-loan.

      (hh)   "IDA-Smallholder Subsidiary Loan" means a loan made or proposed to be
made by the Borrower to VBARD under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement for purposes of
financing IDA-Smallholder Sub-loans.

      (ii)   IDA-Smallholder Rubber Plantation Subsidiary Loan" means a loan made or
proposed to be made by the Borrower to VBARD under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement for
purposes of financing IDA-Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-loans.

      (jj)   "Vietnam Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development" and the acronym
"VBARD" mean a state-owned commercial bank, established and operating under the
Statute and the Borrower's Ordinance on Banks, Credit Cooperatives and Financial
Companies, dated May 23, 1990, the Circular of the Government Office No. 76 T/B dated
March 18, 1993, and the Decision of the State Bank of Vietnam Nos. 66/QD-NH5 and
280/QD-NH5, dated March 27, 1993 and October 15, 1996, respectively, and any successor
thereto.

      (kk)   "VBARD Special Account" means the account referred to in Section 2.02
(b)(ii) of this Agreement.

                                      ARTICLE II

                                      The Credit

      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower, on the terms and
conditions set forth or referred to in the Development Credit Agreement, an amount in
various currencies equivalent to forty nine million six hundred thousand Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 49,600,000).

      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn from the Credit
Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for: (i)
amounts paid (or, if the Association shall so agree, to be paid) by VBARD on account
of withdrawals made by a Sub-borrower under an IDA-Smallholder Sub-loan in respect of
the reasonable cost of goods and services required for the Smallholder Sub-project;
(ii) amounts paid (or if the Association shall so agree, to be paid) by VBARD on
account of withdrawals made by a Sub-borrower under an IDA-Smallholder Rubber
Plantation Sub-loan in respect of  the reasonable cost of land preparation and related
services,  fertilizers and agricultural inputs (except rubber planting materials)
required for the IDA-Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-projects in respect of which
the withdrawal from the Credit Account is requested; and (iii) for expenditures made

(or, if the Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost
of works, goods and services required for the Project (except under Parts A.1(a),
C.1(a) and C.2(a) of the Project) and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit.

      (b)    The Borrower may, for the purposes of the Project, open and maintain in
dollars the following separate special deposit accounts, each in a commercial bank
acceptable to the Association, on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association, including appropriate protection against set-off, seizure or attachment:
(i) one for purposes of Parts A, B, C and D of the Project, except for Parts A.1(a),
C.1(a) and C.2(a) thereof  (the  MARD Special Account); and (ii) another for
purposes of  Parts A.1(a), C.1(a) and C.2(a) of the Project (the VBARD Special
Account). Deposits into, and payments out of, each respective Special Account shall be
made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 6 to this Agreement.

      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 2004, or such later date as
the Association shall establish. The Association shall promptly notify the Borrower of
such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a commitment charge
on the principal amount of the Credit not withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be
set by the Association as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of
one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.

      (b)    The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date sixty days after
the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to the respective dates on which amounts
shall be withdrawn by the Borrower from the Credit Account or canceled; and (ii) at
the rate set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at such
other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a)
above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year shall be applied from the next date in
that year specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.

      (c)    The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places as the
Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restrictions of any kind imposed
by, or in the territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this
Agreement for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other
eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be designated or selected
pursuant to the provisions of that Section.

      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a service charge at the
rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of
the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time to time.

      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be payable
semiannually on June 1 and December 1 in each year.

      Section 2.07. (a)  Subject to paragraphs (b), (c) and (d) below, the Borrower
shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semiannual installments payable on
each  June 1 and  December 1 commencing on December 1, 2008 and ending June 1, 2038.
Each installment to and including the installment payable on June 1, 2018 shall be one
percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each installment thereafter shall be two
percent (2%) of such principal amount.

      (b)    Whenever: (i) the Borrower's per capita gross national product (GNP), as
determined by the Association, shall have exceeded for three consecutive years the
level established annually by the Association for determining eligibility to access
the Association's resources; and (ii) the Bank shall consider the Borrower
creditworthy for Bank lending, the Association may, subsequent to the review and
approval thereof by the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy, modify the
repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by: (A) requiring the Borrower to
repay twice the amount of each such installment not yet due until the principal amount
of the Credit shall have been repaid; and (B) requiring the Borrower to commence
repayment of the principal amount of the Credit as of the first semiannual payment
date referred to in paragraph (a) above falling six months or more after the date on
which the Association notifies the Borrower that the events set out in this paragraph
(b) have occurred, provided, however, that there shall be a grace period of a minimum
of five years on such repayment of principal.

      (c)    If so requested by the Borrower, the Association may revise the
modification referred to in paragraph (b) above to include, in lieu of some or all of
the increase in the amounts of such installments, the payment of interest at an annual
rate agreed with the Association on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association, such
revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the above-mentioned
repayment modification.

      (d)    If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant to paragraph (b)
above, the Association determines that the Borrower's economic condition has
deteriorated significantly, the Association may, if so requested by the Borrower,
further modify the terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.

      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is hereby specified
for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions.

                                     ARTICLE III

                               Execution of the Project

      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the objectives of the
Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, and, to this end shall carry
out:

             (i)   Part A of the Project (except for Parts A.1(a) and A.1(b) thereof)
through                          MARD with the assistance and cooperation of GRC and
RRIV, and Parts C and D of                    the Project (except for Parts C.1(a),
C.1(b), C.2 (a) and C.2(b) thereof)                         through MARD;

             (ii)  Part B of the Project through GDLA and the Land Departments of the
Provincial                People's Committees; and

             (iii) Parts A.1(a), A.1(b), C.1(a), C.1(b), C.2(a) and C.2(b) of the
Project through                  VBARD; all with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with                         appropriate administrative, agricultural,
environmental, social and financial                  practices and shall provide or
cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the               funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for such purposes.

      (b)    The Borrower shall ensure that VBARD shall revise and thereafter apply
the Policy Manual in its lending operations under Parts A.1(a), A.1(b), C.1(a),
C.1(b), C.2(a) and C.2(b) of the Project, in a manner and substance satisfactory to
the Association.  The Borrower further undertakes to ensure that VBARD shall not
amend, suspend, abrogate, repeal or waive the Policy Manual, as so revised, or any
provision thereof without the prior concurrence of the Association.

      (c)    Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraphs (a) and (b) of this
Section, and except as the Borrower and the Association shall otherwise agree, the
Borrower shall, carry out  the Project in accordance with the Implementation Program
set forth in Schedule 4 to this Agreement.

      (d)    For purposes of carrying out Parts C.1(a), C.1(b), C.2(a) and C.2(b) of
the Project (IDA-Smallholder Sub-loans and AFD-Smallholder Sub-loans, respectively),
the Borrower shall relend to VBARD an amount out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to Category (3), and the amount of the proceeds of the AFD
Credit allocated for these purposes pursuant to the AFD Credit Facility Agreement,
under a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into between the Borrower, represented
by MOF, and VBARD, under terms and conditions which shall have been approved by the
Association, and which shall include, in respect of the proceeds of the AFD Credit
those set forth in the AFD Credit Agreement, and in respect of the proceeds of the
Credit, those set forth in Section I of Schedule 5 to this Agreement, and the
following principal onlending terms and conditions:

             (i)   the principal amount of the IDA-Smallholder Subsidiary Loan shall
be the                           equivalent of the aggregate amount of the proceeds of

the Credit withdrawn                          from time to time from the Credit
Account under Category 3, and shall be                      repaid by VBARD in Dong in
an amount equivalent at the time of withdrawal to                 the amounts so
withdrawn;

             (ii)  interest on the principal amount of the IDA-Smallholder Subsidiary
Loan                      withdrawn and outstanding from time to time shall be payable
at  a variable                   rate per annum, established in a manner and substance
satisfactory to the                           Association; and

             (iii) the principal amount of the IDA-Smallholder Subsidiary Loan shall
be repaid                 over a period of twenty (20) years including a grace period
of five (5) years.

      (e)    For purposes of carrying out Parts A.1(a) and A.1(b) of the Project
(IDA-Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-loans and AFD-Smallholder Rubber Plantation
Sub-loans, respectively), the Borrower shall relend to VBARD an amount out of the
proceeds of the Credit allocated from time to time to Category (4), and the amount of
the proceeds of the AFD Credit allocated for these purposes pursuant to the AFD Credit
Facility Agreement,  under a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into between the
Borrower, represented by MOF, and VBARD, under terms and conditions which shall have
been approved by the Association, and which shall include, in respect of the proceeds
of the AFD Credit those set forth in the AFD Credit Facility Agreement, and in respect
of the proceeds of the Credit, those set forth in Section I of Schedule 5 to this
Agreement, and the following principal onlending terms and conditions:

             (i)   the principal amount of the IDA-Smallholder Rubber Plantation
Subsidiary Loan                  shall be the equivalent of the aggregate amount of
the proceeds of the Credit                    withdrawn from time to time from the
Credit Account under Category (4), and               shall be repaid by VBARD in Dong
in an amount equivalent at the time of                      withdrawal to the amounts
so withdrawn;

             (ii)  interest on the principal amount of the IDA-Smallholder Rubber
Plantation                       Subsidiary Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time
to time shall be payable                at a fixed rate per annum, established in a
manner and substance satisfactory                    to the Association. Interest
shall accrue during the grace period and be                       payable following
the end of the grace period set forth in sub-paragraph (iii)                    of
this paragraph in a manner satisfactory to the Association; and

             (iii) the principal amount of the IDA-Smallholder Rubber Plantation
Subsidiary Loan                  shall be repaid over a period of twenty (20) years
including a grace period of                   eight (8) years.

      (f)    The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement in such manner as to protect the interests of the Borrower and the
Association and to accomplish the purposes of the Credit, and except as the
Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or
waive the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.

      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree, procurement of
the goods, works and consultants' services required for the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to
this Agreement; provided, however, that procurement of goods, works and services for
the Smallholder Sub-projects financed by IDA-Smallholder Sub-loans shall be governed
by the provisions of paragraphs 5(b) and (c) in Section II, Part A of Schedule 5 to
this Agreement; provided further that procurement of goods, works and services for the
Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-projects financed by IDA-Smallholder Rubber
Plantation Sub-loans, shall be governed by the provisions of paragraphs 5(b) and (c)
in Section II, Part B of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.

      Section 3.03. For the purposes of Section 9.07 of the General Conditions and
without limitation thereto, the Borrower shall:

      (a)    prepare, on the basis of guidelines acceptable to the Association, and
furnish to the Association not later than six (6) months after the Closing Date or

such later date as may be agreed for this purpose between the Borrower and the
Association, a plan designed to ensure the continued achievement of the Project's
objectives; and

      (b)    afford the Association a reasonable opportunity to exchange views with
the Borrower on said plan.

                                      ARTICLE IV

                                 Financial Covenants

      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be maintained records
and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices the
operations, resources and expenditures in respect of the Project of the departments or
agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project or any part thereof.

      (b)    The Borrower shall:

             (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in paragraph (a) of this
Section                          including those for the Special Accounts for each
fiscal year audited, in                       accordance with appropriate auditing
principles consistently applied, by                         independent auditors
acceptable to the Association;

             (ii)  furnish to the Association, as soon as available, but in any case
not later                 than six months after the end of each such year, the report
of such audit by                 said auditors, of such scope and in such detail as
the Association shall have                    reasonably requested; and

             (iii) furnish to the Association such other information concerning said
records and               accounts and the audit thereof as the Association shall from
time to time                     reasonably request.

      (c)    For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals from the Credit
Account were made on the basis of statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:

             (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance with paragraph
(a) of this               Section, records and accounts reflecting such expenditures;

             (ii)  retain, until at least one year after the Association has received
the audit                 report for the fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from
the Credit                       Account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
invoices, bills, receipts               and other documents) evidencing such
expenditures;

             (iii) enable the Association's representatives to examine such records;
and

             (iv)  ensure that such records and accounts are included in the annual
audit                     referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
report of such audit                    contains a separate opinion by said auditors
as to whether the statements of               expenditure submitted during such fiscal
year, together with the procedures                   and internal controls involved in
their preparation, can be relied upon to                          support the related
withdrawals.

                                      ARTICLE V

                             Remedies of the Association

      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General Conditions, the
following additional events are specified:

      (a)    VBARD shall have failed to perform any of its obligations under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement.

      (b)    As a result of events which have occurred after the date of the

Development Credit Agreement, an extraordinary situation shall have arisen which shall
make it improbable that VBARD will be able to perform its obligations under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement.

      (c)    The Statute shall have been amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or
waived so as to affect materially and adversely the operations or the financial
condition of VBARD or its ability to carry out Parts A.1(a), A.1(b), C.1(a), C.1(b),
C.2(a) and C.2(b) of the Project or to perform any of its obligations under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement.

      (d)    The Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction shall have taken
any action for the dissolution or disestablishment of VBARD or for the suspension of
its operations, and such dissolution, disestablishment or suspension of operations
shall materially and adversely affect the ability of the Borrower to carry out the
Project or any part thereof, or to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement
or to perform any of its obligations under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.

      (e)    (i)   Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph:

                   (A)    the right of the Borrower to withdraw the proceeds of the
AFD Credit                       made to the Borrower for the financing of the Project
shall have been                         suspended, canceled or terminated in whole or
in part, pursuant to the                      terms of the AFD Credit Facility
Agreement; or

                   (B)    the AFD Credit shall have become due and payable prior to
the agreed                       maturity thereof.

             (ii)  Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not apply if the Borrower
establishes               to the satisfaction of the Association that: (A) such
suspension,                             cancellation, termination or prematuring is
not caused by the failure of the              Borrower to perform any of its
obligations under such agreement; and (B)                         adequate funds for
the Project are available to the Borrower from other                     sources on
terms and conditions consistent with the obligations of the
Borrower under this Agreement.

      (f)    Any part of the principal amount of any loan to VBARD having an original
maturity of one year or more shall, in accordance with its terms, have become due and
payable in advance of maturity as provided in the related contractual instrument, or
any security for any such loan shall become enforceable.

      (g)    A subsidiary or any other entity shall have been created or acquired or
taken over by VBARD, if such creation, acquisition or taking over would adversely
affect the conduct of VBARD's business or its financial condition or the efficiency of
its management and personnel in carrying out Parts A.1(a), A.1(b), C.1(a), C.1(b),
C.2(a) and C.2(b) of the Project or any part thereof.

      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General Conditions, the
following additional events are specified:

      (a)    any event specified in paragraph(a) of Section 5.01 of this Agreement
shall occur and shall continue for a period of 60 days after notice thereof shall have
been given by the Association to the Borrower;

      (b)    any event specified in paragraphs(c), (d), (f), or (g) of Section 5.01
of this Agreement shall occur; and

      (c)    the event specified in paragraph (e) (i) (B) of Section 5.01 of this
Agreement shall occur, subject to the proviso of paragraph (e) (ii) of that Section.

                                      ARTICLE VI

                             Effective Date; Termination

      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional conditions to the
effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01

(b) of the General Conditions:

      (a)    the Project Coordination Unit shall have been established by MARD in
accordance with the provisions of paragraph 1 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement;

      (b)    the Project Steering Committee shall have been established by the
Borrower in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 2(a) of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement;

      (c)    the Sub-loan Project Implementation Unit shall have been established by 
VBARD in accordance with paragraph  3 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement;

      (d)    the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been executed on behalf of the Borrower
and VBARD; and

      (e)    the AFD Credit Facility Agreement has been executed and delivered and all
conditions precedent to its effectiveness or to the right of the Borrower to make
withdrawals thereunder, except only the effectiveness of the Development Credit
Agreement, if that be the case, have been fulfilled.

      Section 6.02. The following are specified as additional matters, within the
meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General Conditions, to be included in the opinion
or opinions to be furnished to the Association: (a)  that the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement has been duly authorized or ratified by the Borrower and VBARD and is
legally binding upon the Borrower and VBARD in accordance with its terms; (b)   that
the execution and delivery of the AFD Credit Facility Agreement on behalf of the
Borrower has been duly authorized or ratified by all necessary governmental action;
(c)   that the provisions of the Policy Framework for Compensation of Project Affected
Persons are legally valid and enforceable in accordance with Vietnamese law; and (d)
that the provisions of the Ethnic Minority Development Plan are legally valid and
enforceable in accordance with Vietnamese law.

      Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this Agreement is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.

                                     ARTICLE VII

                      Representative of the Borrower; Addresses

      Section 7.01 The Governor or any of the Deputy Governors of the State Bank of
Vietnam of the Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.

      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the purposes of Section
11.01 of the General Conditions:

      For the Borrower:

             State Bank of Vietnam
             49 Ly Thai To Street
             Hanoi
             Socialist Republic of Vietnam

             Cable address:                   Telex:

                   VIETBANK                   412248 NHTWVT

      For the Association:

             International Development Association
             1818 H Street, N.W.
             Washington, D.C. 20433
             United States of America

             Cable address:                   Telex:

                   INDEVAS                    248423 (MCI) or

                   Washington, D.C.            64145 (MCI)

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly authorized
representatives, have caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective names in
Hanoi, Socialist Republic of Vietnam, as of the day and year first above written.



                   SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF VIETNAM


                   By /s/ Le Duc Thuy,
                                                                      Deputy Governor,
                                                                 State Bank of Vietnam
                                                             Authorized Representative




                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION


                   By /s/ Andrew Steer,
                                                          Country Director for Vietnam
                                                             Authorized Representative

                                      SCHEDULE 1

                       Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit

1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the amounts of the Credit to each Category
and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:

                                       Amount of the
                                       Credit Allocated             % of
                                       (Expressed in              Expenditures
      Category                         SDR Equivalent)            to be Financed

(1)   Works under Parts                    740,000                90%
      A.1, A.3 and C.3
      of the Project

(2)   Goods                              2,080,000                100% of foreign
                                                                  expenditures,
                                                                  100% of local
                                                                  expenditures (ex-
                                                                  factory cost) and
85%                                                                      of local
expenditures
                                                                  for other items
procured
                                                                  locally

(3)   IDA-Smallholder                    5,560,000                100% of amounts
                                                                  Sub-loans paid

(4)   IDA-Smallholder Rubber            25,960,000                100% of amounts
      Plantation Sub-loans                                        paid

(5)   Consultants'                       5,240,000                100%
      services and training

(6)   Field activities                  4,830,000                 90%

(7)   Incremental operating costs:      2,600,000

      (a) incurred during calendar
      years 1998, 1999, 2000
      and 2001                                                    100%

      (b) incurred during calendar
      years 2002, 2003 and 2004                                   80%

(8)   Unallocated                       2,590,000
                                       _________

      TOTAL                            49,600,000
                                       ==========

2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:

      (a)    the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in the currency of any
country other than that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from the
territory of any country other than that of the Borrower;

      (b)    the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the currency of the
Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the territory of the Borrower;

      (c)    the term "field activities" means survey and mapping activities for land
allocation, research field trials and livestock demonstrations under Parts A.2, B.,
C.1 and C.3 of the Project; and

      (d)    the term "incremental operating costs" means incremental field, training
and travel allowances of research advisors and Project staff (excluding staff
salaries), travel expenses, office consumables and expenses, communication expenses,
and incremental maintenance costs.

3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no withdrawals shall be
made:

      (a)    in respect of payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement;

      (b)    in respect of a Sub-loan under Categories (3) and (4), unless the
Sub-loan has been made in accordance with the procedures and on the terms and
conditions set forth or referred to in Section II, Parts A and B of Schedule 5 to this
Agreement; and

      (c)    under Categories (3) and (4) unless and until: (i) the Policy Manual has
been revised in accordance with Section 3.01(b) of this Agreement; and (ii) VBARD has
established the accounting and reporting system in accordance with paragraph 3(b) of
Schedule 4 to this Agreement.

4.    The Association may require withdrawals from the Credit Account to be made on
the basis of statements of expenditure for expenditures under IDA-Smallholder
Free-limit Sub-loans, IDA-Smallholder Rubber Plantation Free-limit Sub-loans,
incremental operating costs, training, field activities, works under force account,
and under contracts for: (a) civil works not exceeding $20,000 equivalent each; (b)
goods (except vehicles) not exceeding $50,000 equivalent each; (c) vehicles not
exceeding $100,000 equivalent each; (d) consultants' services with firms not exceeding
$100,000 equivalent each; and (e) consultants' services with individuals not exceeding
$50,000 equivalent each; under such terms and conditions as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower.

                                      SCHEDULE 2

                              Description of the Project

      The objective of the Project is to assist the Borrower to diversify and
intensify agricultural production  in the Project Provinces in order to increase
income earning capacity and standard of living of farmers through, inter alia,
establishing and rehabilitating smallholder rubber plantations, and upgrading
livestock production and crop intensification activities.

      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such modifications
thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree upon from time to time to
achieve such objectives:

Part A:      Smallholder Rubber Plantations

1.    Implementation of specific development projects, through the provision of: (a)
IDA-Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-loans; (b) AFD-Smallholder Rubber Plantation
Sub-loans; and (c) extension services for land preparation, planting and maintenance
of rubber trees, including provision of training for extension staff and farmers,
consultants' services, studies on farming systems, vehicles and materials; and (d)
construction and rehabilitation of farm access tracks, to develop about 60,000
hectares (ha) of new smallholder rubber plantations, each of about 1 to 10 ha of
cultivable area, in the Central Project Provinces (except in Khanh Hoa province), and
rehabilitation and improvement of about 17,600 ha of existing smallholder rubber
plantations, each of about 1 to 10 ha of cultivable area, in the Central Project
Provinces (except in Khanh Hoa, Binh Dinh and Phu Yen provinces).

2.    Development and implementation of an adaptive research program to test and
recommend agricultural technical practices for rubber plantations, associated annual
and perennial crops and farming systems in the Central Project Provinces (except in
Khanh Hoa province).

3.    Construction of social infrastructure facilities in villages in the Central
Project Provinces inhabited by Ethnic Minorities.

Part B:      Land Allocation

      Development and implementation of an agricultural land allocation program in the
communes and villages under Part A.1 of the Project, including survey and mapping of
the land parcels, issuance of land use rights certificates to villagers, and provision
of related equipment.

PART C:      Agricultural Intensification and Diversification

1.    Implementation of specific development projects, through the provision of: (a)
IDA-Smallholder Sub-loans; (b) AFD-Smallholder Sub-loans; (c) technical support,
including field demonstration of livestock technology; (d) training for extension
staff and farmers;  (e) consultants' services; and (f) vehicles, equipment and
materials to develop a livestock program in the Central Project Provinces.

2.    Implementation of specific development projects, through the provision of: (a)
IDA-Smallholder Sub-loans; (b) AFD-Smallholder Sub-loans; (c) technical support;  (d)
training for extension staff and farmers; (e) consultants' services; and (f)
vehicles, equipment and materials to develop a crop intensification program of annual
and perennial crops in the Districts, Communes and Villages under Part A.1 of the
Project.

3.    Development and implementation of a pilot program to develop fruit trees in the
Northern Project Provinces  to assess the potential of a future large scale fruit tree
development program therein.

PART D:      Institutional Strengthening

1.    Strengthening the capacity of MARD to implement the Ethnic Minority Development
Plan, through the provision of consultants' services, staff training, vehicles and
equipment, and development of information material.

2.    Strengthening the quality of management skills in the agricultural sector
through: (a) the carrying out of a sector wide education/training needs assessment,
curriculum revision and a study on the agricultural extension system, (b) training of
trainers, and (c) provision of consultants' services and basic teaching equipment.

3.    Strengthening of the capacity of MARD to manage and implement agricultural
diversification programs, including smallholder rubber plantations, through the
provision of consultants' services, staff training, vehicles and equipment.

                              *           *           *

      The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 2004.

                                        ANNEX

                              CENTRAL PROJECT PROVINCES

Binh Dinh
Binh Thuan
Dak Lak
Gia Lai
Khanh Hoa
Kon Tum
Phu Yen
Quang Binh
Quang Ngai
Quang Tri
Thua Thien Hue

                              NORTHERN PROJECT PROVINCES

Lang Son
Lao Cai
Nghe An
Phu Tho
Son La
Thai Nguyen
Vinh Phuc

                                      SCHEDULE 3

                                     Procurement

Section I.   Procurement of Goods and Works

Part A:      General

      Goods and works shall be procured in accordance with the provisions of Section I
of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the
Bank in January 1995 and revised in January and August 1996 and September 1997 (the
Guidelines) and the following provisions of Section I of this Schedule.

Part B:      International Competitive Bidding

1.    Except as otherwise provided in Part C of this Section, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with the provisions of Section II of the
Guidelines and paragraph 5 of Appendix 1 thereto.

2.    The following provisions shall apply to goods to be procured under contracts
awarded in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Part B.

      (a)    Preference for domestically manufactured goods

      The provisions of paragraphs 2.54 and 2.55 of the Guidelines and Appendix 2
thereto shall apply to goods manufactured in the territory of the Borrower.

Part C:      Other Procurement Procedures

1.    National Competitive Bidding

      (a)    Except as otherwise provided in Parts C.3 and C.4 of this Section, works
shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance with the provisions of
paragraphs 3.3 and 3.4 of the Guidelines.

      (b)    Except as otherwise provided in paragraph C.2(a) of this Section, goods,

other than vehicles, estimated to cost less than $50,000 equivalent per contract, up
to an aggregate amount not to exceed $1,500,000 equivalent, may be procured under
contracts awarded in accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 3.3 and 3.4 of the
Guidelines.

      (c)    Except as otherwise provided in paragraph C.2(b) of this Section,
vehicles estimated to cost less than $100,000 equivalent per contract, up to an
aggregate amount not to exceed $300,000 equivalent, may be procured under contracts
awarded in accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 3.3 and 3.4 of the Guidelines.


2.    National Shopping

      (a)    Goods, other than vehicles, estimated to cost less than $10,000
equivalent per contract, up to an aggregate amount not to exceed $300,000 equivalent,
may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of national shopping procedures
in accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 3.5 and 3.6 of the Guidelines.

      (b)    Vehicles estimated to cost less than $50,000 equivalent per contract, up
to an aggregate amount not to exceed $100,000 equivalent, may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of national shopping procedures in accordance with the
provisions of paragraphs 3.5 and 3.6 of the Guidelines.

3.    Procurement of Small Works

      Works for (a) farm access tracks under Part A.1(d) of the Project, estimated to
cost less than $20,000 equivalent per contract, up to an aggregate amount not to
exceed $1,100,000 equivalent, (b) nurseries and field trials under Parts A.2 and C.3
of the Project estimated to cost less than $20,000 equivalent per contract, up to an
aggregate amount not to exceed $200,000 equivalent, and (c) community infrastructure
under Part D.1 of the Project estimated to cost less than $10,000 equivalent per
contract, up to an aggregate amount not to exceed $500,000 equivalent, may be
procured under lump-sum, fixed-price contracts awarded on the basis of quotations
obtained from three (3) qualified domestic contractors in response to a written
invitation. The invitation shall include a detailed description of the works,
including basic specifications, the required completion date, a basic form of
agreement acceptable to the Association, and relevant drawings, where applicable. The
award shall be made to the contractor who offers the lowest price quotation for the
required work, and who has the experience and resources to complete the contract
successfully.

4.    Force Account

      Land surveying and mapping activities for land allocation under Part B of the
Project, and research field trials and livestock demonstrations under Parts A.2, C.1
and C.3 of the Project, which meet the requirements of paragraph 3.8 of the Guidelines
and cost $8,400,000 equivalent or less in the aggregate, may, with the Association's
prior agreement, be carried out by force account in accordance with the provisions of
said paragraph of the Guidelines.

Part D:      Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions

1.    Procurement Planning

      Prior to the issuance of any invitations to bid for contracts, the proposed
procurement plan for the Project shall be furnished to the Association for its review
and approval, in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 1 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines. Procurement of all goods and works shall be undertaken in accordance with
such procurement plan as shall have been approved by the Association, and with the
provisions of said paragraph 1.

2.    Prior Review

      (a)    With respect to: (a) contracts for goods to be procured under
International Competitive Bidding procedures; and

      (b)    the first three contracts for works and the first three contracts for

goods to be procured under National Competitive Bidding procedures, regardless of
their cost, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 3 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply.

3.    Post Review

      With respect to each contract not governed by paragraph 2 of this Part, the
procedures set forth in paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.

Section II.  Employment of Consultants

Part A:      General

      Consultants' services shall be procured in accordance with the provisions of the
Introduction and Section IV of the "Guidelines: Selection and Employment of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers" published by the Bank in January 1997 and revised
in September 1997 (the Consultant Guidelines) and the following provisions of Section
II of this Schedule.

Part B:      Quality- and Cost-based Selection

1.    Except as otherwise provided in Part C of this Section, consultants' services
shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance with the provisions of Section
II of the Consultant Guidelines, paragraph 3 of Appendix 1 thereto, Appendix 2
thereto, and the provisions of paragraphs 3.13 through 3.18 thereof applicable to
quality- and cost-based selection of consultants.

Part C:      Other Procedures for the Selection of Consultants

1.    Quality-based Selection

      Services for (a)  coordination of the activities under Parts A.1 and D.1 of the
Project, and (b) rubber research and fruit tree research, may be procured under
contracts awarded in accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 3.1 through 3.4 of
the Consultant Guidelines.

2.    Single Source Selection

      Services relating to technical management support under Part A.1 of the Project,
may, with the Association's prior agreement, be procured in accordance with the
provisions of paragraphs 3.8 through 3.11 of the Consultant Guidelines.

3.    Individual Consultants

      Services for tasks that meet the requirements set forth in paragraph 5.1 of the
Consultant Guidelines may be procured under contracts awarded to individual
consultants in accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 5.1 through 5.3 of the
Consultant Guidelines.

Part D:      Review by the Bank of the Selection of Consultants

1.    Selection Planning

      Prior to the issuance to consultants of any requests for proposals, the proposed
plan for the selection of consultants under the Project shall be furnished to the
Association for its review and approval, in accordance with the provisions of
paragraph 1 of Appendix 1 to the Consultant Guidelines. Selection of all
consultants' services shall be undertaken in accordance with such selection plan as
shall have been approved by the Association, and with the provisions of said paragraph
1.

2.    Prior Review

      (a)    With respect to: (i) each contract for the employment of consulting firms
estimated to cost the equivalent of $200,000 or more, and (ii) each contract for
technical management support services, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 1,  2
(other than the third subparagraph of paragraph 2(a)) and 5 of Appendix 1 to the

Consultant Guidelines shall apply.

      (b)    With respect to each contract for the employment of consulting firms
estimated to cost the equivalent of $100,000 or more, but less than the equivalent of
$200,000, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 1, 2 (other than the second
subparagraph of paragraph 2(a)) and 5 of Appendix 1 to the Consultant Guidelines
shall apply.

      (c)    With respect to each contract for the employment of individual
consultants estimated to cost the equivalent of $50,000 or more, the qualifications,
experience, terms of reference and terms of employment of the consultants shall be
furnished to the Association for its prior review and approval. The contract shall be
awarded only after the said approval shall have been given.

3.    Post Review

      With respect to each contract not governed by paragraph 2 of this Part, the
procedures set forth in paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Consultant Guidelines shall
apply.

                                      SCHEDULE 4

                                Implementation Program

1.    The Borrower shall:

      (a)     through MARD establish and thereafter maintain at all times during the
implementation of the Project, a Unit (the Project Coordination Unit), headed by the
Vice Minister in charge of agricultural production, with such functions,
responsibilities and funds, satisfactory to the Association, and with competent staff
in adequate numbers, as shall be required for the overall coordination of the Project
at the national level; and

      (b)    through each of the Provincial Peoples' Committees, by December 31, 1998,
establish and thereafter maintain in each Central Project Province at all times during
the implementation of the Project, a PPMU, headed by a Manager with qualifications and
experience satisfactory to the Association, with such functions, responsibilities,
funds and competent staff in adequate numbers, satisfactory to the Association, as
shall be required for purposes of the overall coordination of the various activities
under the Project at the provincial level.

2.    The Borrower shall:

      (a)    through MARD, establish and thereafter maintain at all times during the
implementation of the Project, a Project Steering Committee to be chaired by the
Minister of MARD, or his/her duly designated representative, and with composition and
functions acceptable to the Association, for purposes of coordination of the various
activities under the Project among the various Borrower's ministries and central
agencies; and

      (b)    through each of the Provincial Peoples' Committees, by December 31, 1998,
establish and thereafter maintain in each Project Province at all times during the
implementation of the Project,  a Provincial Project Steering Committee to be chaired
by the Chairperson of the respective Provincial Peoples' Committee, or his/her duly
designated representative, and with composition and functions acceptable to the
Association, for purposes of coordination of the various activities under the Project
in the respective Province among the various Borrower's Provincial Departments and
Provincial agencies.

3.    The Borrower shall ensure that VBARD shall:

      (a)    establish and thereafter maintain at all times during the implementation
of the Project a Unit (Sub-loan Project Implementation Unit), headed by a Manager with
qualifications and experience satisfactory to the Association, with such functions,
responsibilities, funds and competent staff in adequate numbers, satisfactory to the
Association, as shall be required to implement the carrying out of Parts A.1(a),
A.1(b), C.1(a), C.1(b), C.2(a) and C.2(b) of the Project; and

      (b)    establish and thereafter maintain accounting and reporting systems,
satisfactory to the Association, to reflect adequately the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of the Smallholder Sub-projects and the Smallholder Rubber
Plantation Sub-projects as required in accordance with Section I, paragraph 1(g)(i) of
Schedule 5 to this Agreement.

4.    For purposes of assisting Sub-borrowers in carrying out the Smallholder Rubber
Plantation Sub-projects under Part A.1 of the Project, the Borrower shall make
arrangements, satisfactory to the Association:

      (a)    to provide, through MARD, extension services and technical support, free
of charge, to the Sub-borrowers; and

      (b)    to cause  GRC in coordination with RRIV to: (i) verify the quality of the
planting materials required for the development of new Smallholder Rubber Plantation
Sub-projects; and (ii) provide technical support for the development of new and
rehabilitation of existing Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-projects.

5.    The Borrower shall cause GRC, through RRIV, to carry out the adaptive research
program under Part A.2 of the Project in a manner and substance satisfactory to the
Association.

6.    The Borrower shall select districts, communes and villages in the Central
Project Provinces and sites therein under Parts A and B of the Project in accordance
with selection criteria acceptable to the Association.

7.    The Borrower shall, through GDLA and the Provincial People's Committees, carry
out Part B of the Project in accordance with annual action plans and time-tables
satisfactory to the Association. For this purpose, the Borrower shall by October 31 of
each year, commencing on October 31, 1998, furnish to the Association, for its review
and comments, its proposed action plan and time-table for the forthcoming year.

8.    For purposes of carrying out the Project, the Borrower shall, through the
Provincial People's Committees, implement the Ethnic Minority Development Plan, in a
manner and substance satisfactory to the Association.

9.    For purposes of carrying out the acquisition of land and other fixed assets
under the Project, the Borrower shall, through the Provincial People's Committees,
apply the Policy Framework for Resettlement and Rehabilitation of Affected Persons, in
a manner and substance satisfactory to the Association.

10.   The Borrower shall: (a) carry out the training under the Project in accordance
with annual training programs acceptable to the Association; and to that end, (b) by
no later than September 30 of each year, commencing on September 30, 1998, furnish to
the Association for its review and comments its proposed training program for the
forthcoming Borrower's fiscal year.

11.   The Borrower shall, through the PCU, on March 31 and September 30 of each year,
commencing on March 31, 1999, prepare and furnish to the Association for its review
and comments, consolidated reports on the carrying out of the various activities under
the Project in such detail as the Association shall reasonably request.

12.   The Borrower shall:

      (a)    maintain policies and procedures adequate to enable it to monitor and
evaluate on an ongoing basis, in accordance with indicators satisfactory to the
Association, the carrying out of the Project and the achievement of the objectives
thereof;

      (b)    prepare, under terms of reference satisfactory to the Association, and
furnish to the Association, on or about March 31, 2001 and on or about March 31, 2003,
reports integrating the results of the monitoring and evaluation activities performed
pursuant to paragraph (a) of this Section, on the progress achieved in the carrying
out of the Project during the period preceding the date of each said reports and
setting out the measures recommended to ensure the efficient carrying out of the
Project and the achievement of the objectives thereof during the period following such

date; and

      (c)    review with the Association, by June 30, 2001 and June 30, 2003, or such
later date(s) as the Association shall request, the respective report referred to in
paragraph (b) of this Section, and, thereafter, take all measures required to ensure
the efficient completion of the Project and the achievement of the objectives thereof,
based on the conclusions and recommendations of the said report and the Association's
views on the matter.

                                      SCHEDULE 5

           Section I. Terms and Conditions of the Subsidiary Loan Agreement

1.    The Subsidiary Loan Agreement shall include the undertaking of VBARD to:

      (a)    carry out its lending operations under Parts A.1(a), A.1(b), C.1(a),
C.1(b), C.2(a) and C.2(b) of the Project and conduct its operations and affairs, in
accordance with sound administrative, financial, economic and managerial standards and
practices, with qualified and experienced management and staff in adequate numbers,
and to provide, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for such Parts of the Project;

      (b)    unless the Association and the Borrower shall otherwise agree, make
IDA-Smallholder Sub-loans in accordance with the procedures and on the terms and
conditions set forth or referred to in Part A of Section II of this Schedule, and the
relevant provisions of the Policy Manual;

      (c)    unless the Association and the Borrower shall otherwise agree, make
IDA-Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-loans in accordance with the procedures and on
the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in Part B of Section II of this
Schedule and the relevant provisions of the Policy Manual;

      (d)    exercise its rights in relation to each Smallholder Sub-project and each
Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-project in such manner as to: (A) protect the
interests of the Borrower, the Association and VBARD; (B) comply with its obligations
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and (C) achieve the purposes of the Project;

      (e)    duly perform all its obligations under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement and,
except as the Borrower and the Association shall otherwise agree, not take or concur
in any action which would have the effect of assigning, amending, abrogating or
waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof;

      (f)    at the request of either the Borrower or the Association, exchange views
with the Borrower and the Association with regard to the progress of Parts A.1(a),
A.1(b), C.1(a), C.1(b), C.2(a) and C.2(b) of the Project, the performance of its
obligations under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters relating to the
purposes of the Credit;

      (g)    furnish to the Borrower and the Association all such information as the
Borrower and the Association shall reasonably request concerning the expenditures of
the proceeds of the IDA-Smallholder Sub-loans, AFD-Smallholder Sub-loans,
IDA-Smallholder Rubber Sub-loans, AFD-Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-loans and the
relevant Sub-borrowers, Smallholder Sub-projects and Smallholder Rubber Plantation
Sub-projects, and their administration, operations and financial condition. For this
purpose, VBARD shall:

             (i)   maintain procedures and records adequate to monitor and record the
progress of               Parts A.1(a), A.1(b), C.1(a), C.1(b), C.2(a) and C.2(b) of
the Project and of               each Smallholder Sub-project financed by either an
IDA-Smallholder Sub-loan,               or an AFD-Smallholder Sub-loan and of each
Smallholder Rubber Plantation                        Sub-project financed by an
IDA-Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-loan and/or                 an AFD-Smallholder
Rubber Plantation Sub-loan, as the case may be, (including               its cost and
the benefits to be derived from it), and to reflect in accordance               with
consistently maintained sound accounting practices the operations and
      financial conditions of VBARD and to register separately the operations,
             resources and expenditures related to Parts A.1(a), A.1(b), C1(a),

C.1(b),                   C.2(a) and C.2(b) of the Project or any part thereof;

             (ii)  have the records referred to in sub-paragraph (i) above, its
accounts and                     financial statements (balance sheets, statements of
income and expenses and                 related statements) for each fiscal year
audited in accordance with sound                     auditing principles consistently
applied by independent auditors acceptable to               the Association; and

             (iii) furnish to the Association, as soon as available, but in any case
not later                 than six (6) months after the end of each such year, (A)
certified copies of                     its financial statements for such year as so
audited; (B) the report of such               audit by said auditors, of such scope
and in such detail as the Association                shall have reasonably requested;
and (C) furnish to the Association such other               information concerning
records, accounts and financial statements and the                       audit thereof
as the Association shall from time to time reasonably request;                  and

      (h)    promptly inform the Borrower of any condition which interferes or
threatens to interfere with the progress of Parts A.1(a), A.1(b), C.1(a), C.1(b),
C.2(a) and C.2(b) of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
IDA-Smallholder Subsidiary Loan, AFD-Smallholder Subsidiary Loan and of the
IDA-Smallholder Rubber Plantation Subsidiary Loan, or the performance by VBARD of its
respective obligations under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.

Section II.  Procedures for and Terms and Conditions of IDA-Smallholder Sub-loans and
                   IDA-Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-loans

Part A. IDA-Smallholder Sub-loans

1.    IDA-Smallholder Sub-loans shall be made to a Sub-borrower by VBARD on the terms
and conditions set forth in the Policy Manual, and the provisions of this Schedule,
including the following terms and conditions:

      (a)    the principal amount of an IDA-Smallholder Sub-loan shall be lent and
payable in Dong and shall not exceed 80% of the total estimated cost of the
Smallholder Sub-project for which said Sub-loan is made.

      (b)    repayment of the principal amount of the IDA-Smallholder Sub-loan shall
not exceed sixty (60) months; and

      (c)    interest at a fixed or variable rate per annum in accordance with the
applicable published interest rate of VBARD for short-term and medium-term lending in
rural areas, as the case may be, on the principal amount so lent and withdrawn by the
Sub-borrower and outstanding from time to time.

2.    Except as the Association shall otherwise agree, to qualify for an
IDA-Smallholder Sub-loan, a Sub-borrower shall demonstrate:

      (a)    that the Sub-borrower meets all the relevant eligibility criteria set
forth in the Policy Manual; and

      (b)    that the total estimated Smallholder Sub-project costs shall be covered
by a minimum of 20% from the Sub-borrower's own resources, in cash or in kind.

3.    Without limitation on the provisions of paragraph 3 of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement, no expenditures for goods, civil works or services required for a
Smallholder Sub-project shall be eligible for financing out of the proceeds of the
Credit:

      (a)    unless the IDA-Smallholder Sub-loan shall have been approved by the
Association and such expenditures shall have been made not earlier than ninety days
prior to the date on which the Association shall have received the application and
information required under paragraph 4(a) of Part A of Section II of this Schedule in
respect of such Smallholder Sub-loan; or

      (b)    unless the IDA-Smallholder Sub-loan shall have been an IDA-Smallholder
Free-limit Sub-loan for which the Association has authorized withdrawals from the

Credit Account and such expenditures shall have been made not earlier than ninety days
prior to the date on which the Association shall have received the request and
information required under paragraph 4(b) below in respect of such IDA-Smallholder
Free-limit Sub-loan. For the purposes of this Agreement, an IDA-Smallholder Free-limit
Sub-loan shall be a Sub-loan which shall not exceed the sum of $20,000 equivalent when
added to any other outstanding amounts financed or proposed to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit for such Smallholder Sub-project, or such other sum as shall be
established by the Association, from time to time, by notice to the Borrower.

4.    (a)    When presenting an IDA-Smallholder Sub-loan (other than an
IDA-Smallholder Free-limit Sub-loan) to the Association for approval, the Borrower
shall furnish to the Association an application, in a form satisfactory to the
Association, together with: (i) a description of the Sub-borrower and an appraisal of
the Smalholder Sub-project, including a description of the expenditures proposed to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit; (ii) the proposed terms and conditions of
the IDA-Smallholder Sub-loan, including the schedule of amortization of the
IDA-Smallholder Sub-loan; and (iii) such other information as the Association shall
reasonably request, including a copy of the relevant environmental impact assessment
and certification issued by the Borrower's Ministry of Science and Technology, where
required under the laws of the Borrower.

      (b)    Each request by the Borrower for authorization to make withdrawals from
the Credit Account in respect of an IDA-Smallholder Free-limit Sub-loan shall contain:
(i) a summary description of the Sub-borrower and Smallholder Sub-project, including a
description of the expenditures proposed to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit; and (ii) the terms and conditions of the IDA-Smallholder Sub-loan.

      (c)    Applications and requests made pursuant to the provisions of
sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of this paragraph shall be presented to the Association on
or before June 30, 2004.

5.    IDA-Smallholder Sub-loans shall be made on terms whereby VBARD shall obtain, by
written contract with a Sub-borrower, or by other appropriate legal means, rights
adequate to protect the interests of the Association, the Borrower and VBARD,
including the right to:

      (a)    require the Sub-borrower to carry out and operate the Smallholder
Sub-project with due diligence and efficiency and in accordance with sound technical,
financial, agricultural, environmental and managerial standards and to maintain
adequaterecords;    (b)   require that goods and works under contracts estimated to
cost the equivalent of $1,000,000 or more per contract shall be procured under
contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent with those set forth in
Sections I and II and paragraph 5 of Appendix 1 to the "Guidelines for Procurement
under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in January 1995 and revised in
January and August 1996, and September 1997 (the "Guidelines");

      (c)    goods, services and works, other than those set out in paragraph (b)
above, shall be purchased at a reasonable price following the established commercial
procedures, account being taken also of other relevant factors such as: (i) in the
case of goods, timely delivery and efficiency and reliability of the goods and
availability of maintenance facilities and spare parts therefor; (ii) in the case of
services, of their quality and the competence of the parties rendering them; and (iii)
in the case of works, the technical quality and the competitive cost therefor, and
with respect to all such contracts the procedures set forth in paragraph 4 of Appendix
1 to the Guidelines shall apply;

      (d)    inspect, by itself or jointly with representatives of the Association, if
the Association shall so request, such goods, works, plants and constructions and
installations, as the case may be, included in the Smallholder Sub-project, the
operation thereof, and any relevant records and documents;

      (e)    obtain all such information as the Association, the Borrower or VBARD
shall reasonably request relating to the foregoing and to the administration,
operations and financial conditions of the Sub-borrower, and to the benefits to be
derived from the Smallholder Sub-project; and

      (f)    suspend or terminate the right of the Sub-borrower to the use of the

proceeds of the Credit upon failure by such Sub-borrower to perform its obligations
under its contract with VBARD.

6.    IDA-Smallholder Sub-loans shall not finance the acquisition of, or right to use,
land.

Part B:      IDA-Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-loans

1.    IDA-Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-loans shall be made to a Sub-borrower by
VBARD pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Policy Manual, and the
provisions of this Schedule, including the following terms and conditions:

      (a)    the principal amount of an IDA-Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-loan
shall be lent and payable in Dong and shall not exceed $50,000 equivalent or 80% of
the total estimated cost of the Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-project for which
the Sub-loan is made, whichever is smaller;

      (b)    repayment of the principal amount of the Smallholder Rubber Plantation
Sub-loan shall not exceed the shorter of the period projected for recovery of the
Sub-project costs or twenty (20) years, including a grace period of eight (8) years;
and

      (c)    interest at a fixed or variable rate per annum in accordance with the
applicable published interest rate of VBARD for long term lending in rural areas on
the principal amount so lent and withdrawn by the Sub-borrower and outstanding from
time to time, shall accrue during the grace period as simple interest and be payable
following the end of the grace period set forth in sub-paragraph (b) of this paragraph
in a manner satisfactory to the Association.

2.    Except as the Association shall otherwise agree, to qualify for an
IDA-Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-loan, a Sub-borrower shall demonstrate:

      (a)    that the Sub-borrower meets all the relevant eligibility criteria set
forth in the Policy Manual; and

      (b)    that the total estimated Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-project costs
shall be covered: (i) in case of rehabilitation of existing rubber plantations, by the
principal of the proposed IDA-Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-loan representing no
more than 80% of total costs or $50,000 equivalent, whichever is smaller, plus the
farmer's own resources, in cash or in kind; and (ii) in case of new rubber
plantations, by the principal of the respective AFD-Smallholder Rubber Plantation
Sub-loan, plus the farmer's own resources, in cash or in kind, and the balance of the
Sub-project costs, if any, by the principal of the proposed IDA-Smallholder Rubber
Plantation Sub-loan representing no more than 80% of total costs or $50,000
equivalent, whichever is smaller.

3.    Without limitation on the provisions of paragraph 3 of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement, no expenditures for goods, civil works or services required for a
Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-project shall be eligible for financing out of the
proceeds of the Credit:

      (a)    unless the IDA-Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-loan shall have been
approved by the Association and such expenditures shall have been made not earlier
than ninety days prior to the date on which the Association shall have received the
application and information required under paragraph 4(a) of Part B of Section II of
this Schedule in respect of such IDA-Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-loan; or

      (b)    unless the IDA-Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-loan shall have been an
IDA-Smallholder Rubber Plantation Free-limit Sub-loan for which the Association has
authorized withdrawals from the Credit Account and such expenditures shall have been
made not earlier than ninety days prior to the date on which the Association shall
have received the request and information required under paragraph 4(b) below in
respect of such IDA-Smallholder Rubber Plantation Free-limit Sub-loan. For the
purposes of this Agreement, an IDA-Smallholder Rubber Plantation Free-limit Sub-loan
shall be a Sub-loan which shall not exceed the sum of $50,000 equivalent when added to
any other outstanding amounts financed or proposed to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit for such Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-project, or such other sum as

shall be established by the Association, from time to time, by notice to the Borrower.

4.    (a)    When presenting an IDA-Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-loan (other than
an IDA-Smallholder Rubber Plantation Free-limit Sub-loan) to the Association for
approval the Borrower shall furnish to the Association an application, in a form
satisfactory to the Association, together with: (i) a description of the Sub-borrower
and an appraisal of the Smalholder Rubber Plantation Sub-project, including a
description of the expenditures proposed to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit; (ii) the proposed terms and conditions of the IDA-Smallholder Rubber
Plantation Sub-loan, including the schedule of amortization of the IDA-Smallholder
Rubber Plantation Sub-loan; and (iii) such other information as the Association shall
reasonably request, including a copy of the relevant environmental impact assessment
and certification issued by the Borrower's Ministry of Science and Technology, where
required under the laws of the Borrower.

      (b)    Each request by the Borrower for authorization to make withdrawals from
the Credit Account in respect of an IDA-Smallholder Rubber Plantation Free-limit
Sub-loan shall contain: (i) a summary description of the Sub-borrower and Smallholder
Rubber Plantation Sub-project, including a description of the expenditures proposed to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit; and (ii) the terms and conditions of
the IDA- Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-loan.

      (c)    Applications and requests made pursuant to the provisions of
sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of this paragraph shall be presented to the Association on
or before June 30, 2004.

5.    IDA-Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-loans shall be made on terms whereby VBARD
shall obtain, by written contract with a Sub-borrower, or by other appropriate legal
means, rights adequate to protect the interests of the Association, the Borrower and
VBARD, including the right to:

      (a)    require the Sub-borrower to carry out and operate the Smallholder Rubber
Plantation Sub-project with due diligence and efficiency and in accordance with sound
technical, financial, agricultural, environmental and managerial standards and to
maintain adequate records;

      (b)    require that goods and works under contracts estimated to cost the
equivalent of $1,000,000 or more per contract shall be procured under contracts
awarded in accordance with procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I
and II and paragraph 5 of Appendix 1 to the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in January 1995 and revised in January
and August 1996, and September 1997 (the "Guidelines");

      (c)    goods, services and works, other than those set out in paragraph (b)
above, shall be purchased at a reasonable price following the established commercial
procedures, account being taken also of other relevant factors such as: (i) in the
case of goods, timely delivery and efficiency and reliability of the goods and
availability of maintenance facilities and spare parts therefor; (ii) in the case of
services, of their quality and the competence of the parties rendering them; and (iii)
in the case of works, the technical quality and the competitive cost therefor, and
with respect to all such contracts the procedures set forth in paragraph 4 of Appendix
1 to the Guidelines shall apply;

      (d)    inspect, by itself or jointly with representatives of the Association, if
the Association shall so request, such goods, works, plants and constructions and
installations, as the case may be, included in the Smallholder Rubber Plantation
Sub-project, the operation thereof, and any relevant records and documents;

      (e)    obtain all such information as the Association, the Borrower or VBARD
shall reasonably request relating to the foregoing and to the administration,
operations and financial conditions of the Sub-borrower, and to the benefits to be
derived from the Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-project; and

      (f)    suspend or terminate the right of the Sub-borrower to the use of the
proceeds of the Credit upon failure by such Sub-borrower to perform its obligations
under its contract with VBARD.

6.    IDA-Smallholder Rubber Plantation Sub-loans shall not finance the acquisition
of, or right to use, land.

                                      SCHEDULE 6

                                   Special Accounts

1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:

      (a)    the term "eligible Categories" means Categories 1, 2, 5, 6 and 7 in
respect of MARD Special Account and Categories 3 and 4 in respect of VBARD Special
Account set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement

      (b)    the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in respect of the
reasonable cost of works, goods and services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit allocated from time to time to the eligible
Categories in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement,
provided, however, that notwithstanding the provisions of Part A, paragraph 3(a) and
Part B, paragraph 3(a), Section II, Schedule 5 to this Agreement, payments for
expenditures to be financed out of the proceeds of an IDA-Smalholder Free-limit
Sub-loans and Smallholder Rubber Plantation Free-limit Sub-loans, may be made out of
the Special Account before the Association shall have authorized withdrawals from the
Credit Account in respect thereof. Such expenditures, however, shall qualify as
eligible expenditures only if the Association shall subsequently authorize such
withdrawals; and

      (c)    the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount equivalent to $1,500,000
in respect of the MARD Special Account and in respect of the VBARD Special Account an
amount equivalent to $3,000,000, to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and deposited
into the Special Accounts pursuant to paragraph 3(a) of this Schedule, provided,
however, that unless the Association shall otherwise agree, the Authorized Allocation
shall be limited to an amount equivalent to $500,000 in respect of the MARD Special
Account and an amount equivalent to $2,000,000 in respect of the VBARD Special
Account, until (i) in respect of the MARD Special Account the aggregate amount of
withdrawals from the Credit Account allocated to Categories (1), (2), (5), (6) and (7)
plus the total amount of all outstanding special commitments entered into by the
Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions for the Project (except
for Parts A.1(a), C.1(a) and C.2(a) thereof) shall be equal to or exceed the
equivalent of SDR1,500,000, and (ii) in respect of the VBARD Special Account the
aggregate amount of withdrawals from the Credit Account allocated to Categories (3)
and (4) plus the total amount of all outstanding special commitments entered into by
the Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions for Parts A.1(a),
C.1(a) and C.2(a) of the Project shall be equal to or exceed the equivalent of SDR
2,250,000.

2.    Payments out of the Special Accounts shall be made exclusively for eligible
expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this Schedule.

3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it that a Special
Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and subsequent
withdrawals to replenish that Special Account shall be made as follows:

      (a)    For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the Borrower shall furnish
to the Association a request or requests for deposit into the respective Special
Account of an amount or amounts which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the
Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
the respective Special Account such amount or amounts as the Borrower shall have
requested.

      (b)    (i)   For replenishment of a Special Account, the Borrower shall furnish
to the                           Association requests for deposits into the respective
Special Account at such                 intervals as the Association shall specify.

             (ii)  Prior to or at the time of each such request, the Borrower shall
furnish to                the Association the documents and other evidence required
pursuant to                      paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or

payments in respect of which                  replenishment is requested. On the basis
of each such request, the Association                shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit                into the respective
Special Account such amount as the Borrower shall have
requested and as shall have been shown by said documents and other evidence to
      have been paid out of the respective Special Account for eligible
             expenditures. All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association
from the                  Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and
in the respective                equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by
said documents and other                evidence.

4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of a Special Account, the Borrower
shall, at such time as the Association shall reasonably request, furnish to the
Association such documents and other evidence showing that such payment was made
exclusively for eligible expenditures.

5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this Schedule, the Association
shall not be required to make further deposits into any Special Account:

      (a)    if, at any time, the Association shall have determined that all further
withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly from the Credit Account in
accordance with the provisions of Article V of the General Conditions and paragraph
(a) of Section 2.02 of this Agreement;

      (b)    if the Borrower shall have failed to furnish to the Association, within
the period of time specified in Section 4.01 (b)(ii) of this Agreement, any of the
audit reports required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to said Section in
respect of the audit of the records and accounts for the Special Accounts;

      (c)    if, at any time, the Association shall have notified the Borrower of its
intention to suspend in whole or in part the right of the Borrower to make withdrawals
from the Credit Account pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.02 of the General
Conditions; or

      (d)    once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories for the respective Special Account, minus the total amount of all
outstanding special commitments entered into by the Association pursuant to Section
5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to the Project, shall equal the equivalent
of twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation. Thereafter, withdrawal from the
Credit Account of the remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the
eligible Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall specify by
notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and to the
extent that the Association shall have been satisfied that all such amounts remaining
on deposit in the respective Special Account as of the date of such notice will be
utilized in making payments for eligible expenditures.

6.    (a)    If the Association shall have determined at any time that any payment out
of any Special Account: (i) was made for an expenditure or in an amount not eligible
pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence
furnished to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the
Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the Association may request; or
(B) deposit into the respective Special Account (or, if the Association shall so
request, refund to the Association) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or
the portion thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall
otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Association into any Special Account shall
be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence or made such deposit or refund,
as the case may be.

      (b)    If the Association shall have determined at any time that any amount
outstanding in any Special Account will not be required to cover further payments for
eligible expenditures, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association,
refund to the Association such outstanding amount.

      (c)    The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund to the
Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the Special Accounts.

      (d)    Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs 6 (a), (b) and (c)

of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit Account for subsequent withdrawal or
for cancellation in accordance with the relevant provisions of this Agreement,
including the General Conditions.

