Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3357 ME
             (Agricultural Sector Adjustment Loan II)
                              between
                       UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                        Dated June 26, 1991
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3357 ME
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 26, 1991, between UNITED MEXICAN STATES
(the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Bank has received a letter dated May 29, 1991
from the Guarantor describing a program of actions, (taken and to be
taken) objectives and policies designed to promote greater
efficiency and higher productivity in the Guarantor's agricultural
and agro-industrial sectors, reduce poverty and malnutrition and
improve the cost-effectiveness of government expenditures in food
and nutrition programs (hereinafter called the Program), declaring
the Guarantor's commitment to the execution of the Program, and
requesting assistance from the Bank in the financing of imported
goods required during such execution;
      (B)   on the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing, the Bank has
decided, in support of the Program, to provide such assistance to
the Guarantor by making a loan in various currencies equivalent to
four hundred million dollars ($400,000,000) to Nacional Financiera,
S.N.C. (the Borrower), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Page  2
Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the Guarantor agree to
guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of such loan
and to undertake other obligations as provided in this Agreement;
and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower and to undertake such
other obligations as hereinafter provided;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, (the
General Conditions) with the modifications set forth in Section 1.01
of the Loan Agreement constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to, and Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
               Guarantee; Transfer of Loan Proceeds
      Section 2.01. Without limitation or restriction upon any of
its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor
hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not as
surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and
interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on
the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of all the
other obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan
Agreement.
      Section 2.02. The Guarantor shall enter into the contractual
arrangements with the Borrower referred to in Section 3.01 of the
Loan Agreement and, unless the Bank shall otherwise agree, shall not
change or fail to enforce any provision of such contractual
arrangements.
                            ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) The Guarantor and the Borrower, pursuant to
Section 3.02 of the Loan Agreement, shall, at the request of either
party, exchange views with the Bank on the progress achieved in
carrying out the Program, the Project and the actions specified in
the Schedule to this Agreement.
      (b)   Not later than 10 days prior to each such exchange of
views, the Guarantor shall furnish to the Bank a report, in such
detail as the Bank shall reasonably request, on such progress
achieved.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Loan shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Guarantor shall provide or cause to be
provided to the Borrower, in a timely manner, all documents and
records in respect of the expenditures financed out of the proceeds
of the Loan required to enable the Borrower to comply with the
provisions of Section 4.01 of the Loan Agreement.
      Section 3.04. The Guarantor shall, carry out, or cause to be
Page  3
carried out, the studies described in Part B of the Project
described in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, under terms of
reference satisfactory to the Bank, and provide to the Bank, for its
review and comments, copies of such studies.
      Section 3.05. The Guarantor shall furnish to the Bank, not
later than September 30, 1991, an action plan, satisfactory to the
Bank, to eliminate the system of crop production targets, based on
the results and recommendations of the study referred to in Section
6.01 (b) of the Loan Agreement and the Bank's comments thereon.
      Section 3.06. The Guarantor shall, by not later than September
30, 1991, eliminate all import permits for green coffee.
                            ARTICLE IV
            Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 4.01. The Director General de Captacion de Credito
Externo de la Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico of the
Guarantor is designated as representative of the Guarantor for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Direccion General de Captacion de Credito Externo
            Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico
            Palacio Nacional, Primer Patio Mariano
              Oficina 4025
            06066 Mexico, D.F. Mexico
                                          Telex:
                                            1777313-SCHDCMIE
                                          Fax:
                                            525-5227550
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                  197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in Mexico City, Mexico, as of the
day and year first above
written.
                  UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                  By /s/ Jose Angel Gurria
                                         Authorized Representative
Page  4
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                     RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
Honarary Witness:
/s/ Luis Tellez Kuenzier
    UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                            SCHEDULE
               Actions Referred to in Paragraph 4 of
                 Schedule 1 to the Loan Agreement
1.    The Guarantor shall have: (a) implemented a system, satis-
factory to the Bank, to eliminate CONASUPO's monopoly on imports of
powdered milk and to allocate import permits for powdered milk on a
transparent, competitive and efficient basis; (b) eliminated all
export permits for fluid milk (leche fresca) and powdered milk; (c)
allowed for the price of tobacco to be freely determined by the
market; (d) not increased the nominal protection for wheat above the
level existing at May 1, 1991, as determined by a methodology agreed
between the Guarantor and the Bank; (e) flexibilized prices subject
to the control of the Guarantor for the following products: cookies,
pastas, edible oils, cigarettes, eggs, dairy products and beef. For
purposes of this paragraph, a price shall have been flexibilized
when the determination of the respective price conforms to criteria
and procedures agreed between the Guarantor and the Bank; (f) not
increased, in real dollar terms: (i) the guarantee price for maize
above the level set for the 1990 Autumn/Winter crop cycle for
1990/1991; and (ii) the domestic price for refined sugar above the
level existing on January 1, 1991. For measuring compliance with the
above actions, the Bank shall utilize a methodology agreed with the
Guarantor; (g) exchanged views with the Bank on the results of the
study referred to in Part B.3 of the Project and, based on such
exchange of views, approved a policy for the sugar sector acceptable
to the Guarantor and the Bank; (h) (i) not increased the nominal
price of barley for the period June 1, 1991 through January 31, 1992
above the level of $680,000 pesos per ton; and (ii) set the nominal
price of barley for the period February 1, 1992 through January 31,
1993 at a level not to exceed $714,000 pesos per ton; and (i)
maintained its policy of allowing prices of pesticides to be freely
determined by the market.
2.    The Guarantor shall have prepared and furnished to the Bank an
action plan, satisfactory to the Bank, based upon the results and
recommendations of the study referred to in Part B.1 of Schedule 2
to the Loan Agreement.
3.    The Guarantor shall have prepared and furnished to the Bank an
action plan, satisfactory to the Bank, based upon the results and
recommendations of the studies referred to in Parts B.2 and B.4 of
Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement.
4.    A proposed 1992 Fiscal Year budget for agriculture shall have
been submitted to the Guarantor's Congress which budget's level and
composition is consistent, in the opinion of the Guarantor and the
Bank, with the Guarantor's macroeconomic policy framework and with
an efficient allocation of government resources at the sectoral
level.
5.    The Production Targets Action Plan is being implemented in
accordance with its respective objectives, action timetables and
other terms.
6.    The Guarantor shall have eliminated: (a) all restrictions that
prevent private sector competition with PRONASE; (b) PRONASE's
Page  5
monopoly of germplasm produced by INIFAP; and (c) restrictions or
limitations on plant breeding by the private sector.
7.    (a)   The Guarantor shall have submitted to the Bank an
evaluation, satisfactory to the Bank, of the Selected Food and
Nutrition Program in accordance with the MES Implementation Plan.
      (b)   The Guarantor shall have prepared and submitted to the
Bank a general action plan and individual action plans for each
participating governmental department or agency, for the
implementation of the Food and Nutrition Program during the period
1993-1994, all such action plans to be acceptable to the Bank.
8.    The Bank shall have received, pursuant and subject to the
terms and conditions of Section 4.01 of the Loan Agreement, the
respective audit related to withdrawals under the first tranche.
