Report No. PID9626
Project Name                     Nicaragua-Poverty Reduction and Local (@)
Development Project
Region                           Latin America and Caribbean Region
Sector                           Other Social Protection
Project ID                       NIPE64906
Borrower(s)                      REPUBLIC OF NICARAGUA
Implementing Agency
Address FONDO DE INVERSION SOCIAL DE
EMERGENCIA (FISE)
Planes de Altamira, Contigo a la Clinica
Tiscapa, Managua, Nicaragua
Contact Person: Lic. Carlos Noguera Pastora
Tel: (505) 277-3340
Fax: (505) 277-4695
Email: cnoguera@fise.gob.ni
Environment Category             F
Date PID Prepared                March 30, 2001
Projected Appraisal Date         February 12, 2001
Projected Board Date             April 24, 2001
1. Country and Sector Background
Main sector issuesHigh Levels of Poverty: Nicaragua is the second poorest
country in Latin America and the Caribbean with a yearly per capita GNP
which is only one-third the regional average (US$430 in 1999, see annex
10). It is thus not surprising that, based on the consumption index,
almost one-half (47.9 percent) of Nicaragua's population is poor. This is
equivalent to 2.3 million people, of whom 830,000 (17.3 percent) are
extremely poor. Although, between 1993 and 1998, poverty fell 2.4
percentage points and extreme poverty by 2.1 percentage points, the
absolute number of both poor and extremely poor rose during the same
period, due to high population growth.Inadequate Social Indicators: While
slowly improving, social indicators continue to be inadequate: life
expectancy is low (66), and infant mortality (53 per 1,000 live births)
and fertility rates (5 children per woman of childbearing age) are among
the worst in the region. At the current growth rate (3 percent per year),
the population doubles every 23 years. The illiteracy rate remains high at
23 percent (41 in rural areas); average schooling is only 4.5 years, and
the quality of education is low. Water coverage is 64 percent (30 percent
in rural areas), and lack of clean water is a major factor contributing to
diarrhea as a main cause of infant mortality. The results of the 1993 and
1998 surveys of living standards show significant regional differences in
the incidence, intensity and evolution of poverty. In relative terms,
poverty and extreme poverty remain overwhelmingly rural. Two out of three
people in rural areas are poor, compared to one out of three in urban
areas. Although rural areas showed a high incidence of poverty and
extreme poverty in 1998, they experienced the biggest decline compared to
1993, with the exception of the Atlantic Region, where both increased
significantly. By contrast, poverty increased in the urban areas of the



Pacific and the Atlantic, except in the capital city of Managua. The
available data show unequal access to basic infrastructure services
between urban and rural areas. About 35 percent of the overall population
still lacks potable water and 16 percent has no access to safe water. The
percentages among the extremely poor households in rural areas are
considerably higher (77 percent lacks potable water and 40 percent lacks
safe water). In addition, about a third of the poor have no access to
latrines, 57 percent have no access to electricity, and 94 percent use
only firewood for cooking. Insufficient resources for the social sectors:
A large share of government resources is allocated to the social sectors
(2000: 44 percent of GoN budget). However, although per capita social
sector expenditure increased from US $44 to US $76 during the last 10
years, absolute per capita expenditures in the social sector are still
below regional averages and insufficient to provide a minimum level of
quality services to the population.Fragmented Social Safety Net and
doubtful impact of programs: There are currently nearly 100 safety net
programs in Nicaragua, ranging from food assistance, social infrastructure
and programs for special target groups to rural development, with a total
cost of approximately US$ 210 million per year (or 10 percent of GDP).
The emergence of such a large number of programs is largely explained by
the inability of the GoN to establish priorities and a strategy to guide
donors and NGOs in the 1990s. As a result, interventions are fragmented,
there is dispersion of efforts, and duplication is common. Regarding
existing safety net programs, major shortcomings include: (i) inadequate
or no targeting mechanisms to select beneficiaries, (ii) interventions are
not necessarily the most cost-effective alternative for the problem they
intend to address, (iii) operational inefficiencies that lead to high
administrative costs, (iv) absence of monitoring of performance and of
impact evaluations (with the exception of FISE), (v) contradictions among
operational methodologies used by different programs in the same
geographic areas, and (vi) in spite of the sizable amount of resources
spent on these programs, some vulnerable groups remain unprotected (for
example, children up to five years of age, illiterate youth) and key
interventions (such as water and sanitation) remain
under-funded.Government StrategyPoverty Reduction Strategy: The proposed
project is in accordance with the recommendations of the Nicaragua Poverty
Assessment (2000), as well as the Government's "Strengthened Poverty
Reduction Strategy", discussed by the Board on December 22, 2000. The
strategy is guided by four principles: (1) continued modernization of the
State to increase the impact of social expenditures by allocating a larger
share of the budget to social programs and projects targeted to the poor,
and improving their cost-effectiveness; (2) greater promotion of equity by
increasing access of the poor to the benefits of growth, with special
attention to rural communities, women, indigenous groups, and the
inhabitants of the Atlantic Coast; (3) more transparency and
accountability through participatory processes that include targeted
communities, beneficiaries and local leaders; and (4) broader
participation by all members of society in the definition, implementation,
and follow-up of this strategy. Within the Government's resource
constraints, the Poverty Reduction Strategy rests on four pillars: (i)
broad based economic growth with an emphasis on productive employment
generation and rural development, (ii) greater and better investment in
the human capital of the poor, (iii) better protection for vulnerable
populations, and (iv) the strengthening of institutions and good
governance. The proposed project contributes to the last three principles
- 2 -



noted above. It would implement a portion of the poverty reduction efforts
as described in pillars two and three.First steps towards a Social
Protection Strategy: The GoN's Strengthened Poverty Reduction Strategy
defines the role for social protection in Nicaragua to protect and promote
the human capital of the poor and to reduce the costs faced by the poor as
the result of economic, natural, social, or family crises.     The absence
of such protection often forces the poorest groups to adopt practices
which perpetuate their poverty. Therefore, the GoN proposes to develop a
social protection strategy. In the context of Nicaragua, given the
country's level of poverty and characteristics of vulnerability, this
means improving the social safety net based on a clear categorization of
the risks faced by poor households, a definition of the nature of
assistance required to confront these risks, and the design of
cost-effective mechanisms to deliver this assistance. First steps toward
meeting this commitment are: i) the new IDB-supported Safety Net project
(Red de Proteccion Social) pilot project within the FISE; and ii) the
revised poverty map 2000 developed by the National Statistical Institute
(INEC) and FISE, which will enable FISE and other institutions to improve
targeting.   The Technical Secretariat of the Presidency (SETEC) has
assumed responsibility for rationalizing the multitude of existing social
programs to establish a coherent safety net as part of an overall social
protection strategy. During preparation and implementation of the proposed
project, IDA is supporting SETEC in assessing the present social safety
net, including the identification of key risks faced by the poor and
establishing clear priorities for action, an analysis of the extent to
which existing programs meet those risks, and the development of a
proposal for rationalizing existing programs. Focus on Local Development:
Decentralization is an integral part of Nicaragua's public sector
modernization and reform process. There is widespread consensus in
Nicaragua that small-scale infrastructure and social services should
increasingly be delivered by local authorities. Local governments have
proven far more responsive to the poor and their needs, as the success of
funds that have supported local decision-making prove. Municipal
governments will therefore ultimately play an important role in opening
spaces at the local level for participation and inclusion, particularly of
the poor, inducing critical behavioral changes and shared responsibility.
This means a process of continued strengthening of local governments and
their interaction with communities and local organizations. Nicaragua's
decentralization strategy takes into account three basic principles:
flexibility, gradualism and good governance. The Government plans to
strengthen municipalities through development of a better financing
scheme, improving their planning and coordination capacity, and better
monitoring and evaluation of performance. The Nicaraguan Institute for
Municipal Strengthening (INIFOM) plays a decisive role in this effort.
With support from the Bank (First and Second Rural Municipal Development
Projects; see Annex 13) and other donors, INIFOM has recently redefined
its role towards a more normative institution, supporting municipal
governments in improving their administrative and service capacity through
fiscal transfers and technical assistance. Beyond strengthening local
governments however, there is a need to empower and enable all local
actors to participate and play their part in the local development process
in order to ensure sustainable development. This is where FISE will
provide complementary support in strengthening the interplay of the local
actors (local governments, communities, non-governmental organizations
(NGOs) and the private sector) to engage in local development. FISE' s
-3 -



contributions to human capital development. FISE was created in 1990 to
mitigate the effects of the economic stabilization program following many
years of civil war. Its mandate has since then been amended from providing
basic infrastructure and generating employment to playing a key role in
improving living conditions and local development opportunities among the
poorest segments of the country's population. This has been achieved by
improving access to, as well as quality and sustainability of, priority
social and economic infrastructure and services in the poorest areas
guided by the mentioned poverty map. An ex-post Impact Evaluation carried
out in 1999 of FISE subprojects which were completed between 1994 and June
1997 found significant changes in areas benefiting from FISE social
infrastructure sub-projects with respect to: (i) increased primary school
enrollment and decreased age for-grade measures; (ii) increased use of
health posts to attend children with diarrhea, however, no impact on
health outcomes; (iii) increased access to water and sanitation services,
with increased access to water resulting in positive impacts on
malnutrition. These investments were also found to be generally
well-targeted at both the municipal and household level, although FISE's
targeting was found to vary considerably by type of sub-project (see annex
4).In the late-90's, FISE introduced a series of innovations supportive of
the Government's overall poverty reduction and decentralization efforts
that marked an important evolution beyond FISE's traditional role as an
effective provider of infrastructure investments targeted at the poor.
First, in 1998, FISE introduced its Municipal Strengthening Program aimed
at actively strengthening local capacity, in line with Government's
decentralization policies supported under the FISE III project (Cr.
3124-NI) and to be continued under the proposed project.     This program is
built on four pillars (i) support for municipalities and communities to
implement a participatory planning processes at the municipal level, (ii)
capacity building for communities throughout the project cycle, (iii)
installation of a preventive maintenance fund, and (iv) capacity building
for local governments in subproject management (see annex 13). It created
a basis for FISE's role as an important actor in the Government's
decentralization efforts.Second, FISE expanded its menu beyond its
"traditional" product line of social and economic infrastructure projects
through the development of the new Safety Net Project (Red de Proteccion
Social), which provides cash transfers to families below the extreme
poverty line, conditional upon families' investment in the health and
education of their children. With this new focus, FISE has established
itself not only as an important actor in promoting and protecting the
human capital of the poor, but also as a leader in the provision of
innovative mechanisms for Nicaragua's social safety net. Through the
proposed project, FISE would play an important role in many of the PRSP's
key initiatives, including:    promoting decentralization, deepening the
reform of public institutions, establishing an effective safety net, and
addressing the needs of currently underserved highly vulnerable groups.
2. Objectives
The proposed project would assist the Government of Nicaragua in
implementing a portion of its poverty reduction strategy through the
Emergency Social Investment Fund (FISE) by: (i) continuing to improve
access to priority small-scale social and economic infrastructure and
services to the poor; (ii) strengthening local capacity (municipalities,
community organizations, NGOs and private sector); and (iii) developing a
coherent social safety net. Overall, the project aims at assisting FISE
- 4 -



move from a strong focus on infrastructure to a more comprehensive
approach to poverty reduction, including greater participation at the
local government and community level, as well as contributing to improving
the country's safety net.
3. Rationale for Bank's Involvement
Comprehensive understanding of overall poverty reduction strategy,
contributions to understanding poverty through Poverty Assessment (2000),
review of poverty map, FISE Impact Evaluation, etc.;Experience with
decentralization and municipal development, and coordination in this
area;Extensive experience in monitoring and evaluation systems and
management information systems;Mobilization of high-quality technical
assistance for institutional improvement and innovation under the project,
e.g. environment, indigenous people, local participatory planning;Ability
to mobilize international resources (as evidenced by co-financing
arrangements) and to encourage donor coordination;Significant experience
in designing social protection strategies and operations; andIDA's broader
program of assistance to the social sectors in Nicaragua (health,
education, social protection) provides an excellent context to improve
coordination among social sectors and clarify roles of the institutions
involved.
4. Description
1. Subproject financing: This component would enable FISE to continue to
support a wide range of small-scale subprojects for the
expansion/improvement of basic social and economic infrastructure and
social assistance projects.Training for communities in organization,
supervision, operation and maintenance of these facilities would also be
provided, with emphasis on training for the administration and operation
of water projects. Only subprojects identified through a municipal
planning process, and meeting the technical, financial, economic, social
and environmental criteria (specified in the Operational Manual) would be
eligible for financing. Special attention would be given to four areas
identified as needing attention in recent evaluations: (i) improving the
quality of infrastructure investments to ensure that investments will lead
to improved service delivery ; (ii) coordinating with service providers to
ensure adequate supply-side interventions, notably in the health sector;
(iii) ensuring community participation throughout the project cycle; and
(iv) addressing the specific needs of the indigenous and Afro-Nicaraguan
population groups.2. Strengthening local capacity: In light of the
important and increasing role that local governments and communities play
in local development, this component would finance training, equipment and
technical assistance for local government officials, local community based
organizations and the private sector (e.g., local construction firms)
through FISE's municipal and community strengthening program. The main
activities of this program are the participatory local planning process
and the transfer of functions and responsibilities for subproject
management to municipalities, either directly or through regional FISE
offices. 3. Developing a coherent social safety net: a. Strengthening the
capacity to design Nicaragua's social safety net in terms of policies and
operations. This would include technical assistance, training, study
tours, and consensus building workshops to: (i) gather and review
empirical information on the adequacy of safety net programs; (ii)
identify areas of necessary changes; and (iii) initiate implementation of
key reform elements. Continuous participation of a broad variety of
- 5 -



stakeholders will be essential. To support the Government in achieving
these goals, there are two major functions which would be strengthened
under this component: (i) the development of a Social Safety Net
strategy, and (ii) better management of the country's public investment
program, including monitoring and evaluation of social safety net
programs. Currently, responsibility for these two functions resides in
two departments of the SETEC. In case the SETEC were to be reconfigured
under a new government, these functions and responsibilities would still
remain within the Government's domain; the component has thus been
designed flexibly to respond to any institutional changes. b. Social
Safety Net Innovation Fund: Nicaragua's currently fragmented social safety
net does not have an avenue for testing new, more effective safety net
measures for poverty reduction. If FISE is to expand its role beyond
traditional social investment fund activities, a logical approach would be
to first test initiatives on a pilot basis, as FISE has done in the past
with all new interventions. The proposed Innovation Fund would finance
pilot social safety net interventions with a special focus on extremely
poor and vulnerable groups. Two activities would be eligible for financing
under the Fund:(i) Pilot social safety net interventions for extremely
poor, vulnerable groups by supporting FISE's Safety Net program. This
subcomponent would strengthen the program's focus in areas that have been
identified by the safety net assessment as a major gap in the country's
safety net such as Early Childhood Development including nutrition, youth
etc.. Furthermore, it would emphasize the importance of an adequate supply
side response in terms of health/nutrition and education services. The
subcomponent would include analytical work to strengthen the ongoing
safety net program and, based on this work finance specific projects to
test methodologies and approaches in working with specific target groups.
The activities would include pilot-tests of targeting at the household
level. (ii) Social assistance projects targeted to highly vulnerable
groups. This subcomponent would foster the development of innovative
approaches to address the needs of key vulnerable groups, providing
financing for proposals submitted by NGOs, community organizations, the
private sector, etc., on the basis of an Operations Manual to being
developed by FISE. The social assistance sub-projects would seek to
complement the types of sub-projects traditionally financed by FISE, but
in addition they would target population groups such as street children,
youth at risk, poor disabled children, ethnic minority groups, elderly,
female-headed households etc. which - according to the FISE impact
evaluation - have not been adequately reached by FISE interventions.
Eligible areas for financing would be for example mother and child
shelters, initiatives to improve nutrition of poor children, hygiene
education combined with water sub-projects, and recreational activities
for youth at risk etc. All sub-projects financed by the Innovation Fund
would require a no objection from the Bank and include a social
assessments, a methodology for evaluation of the sub-projects and clear
indicators. The project would provide resources for an external review of
the interventions. The FISE's Social Safety Net program is undergoing a
rigorous evaluation by the International Food Program Research Institute
(IFPRI) in 2001. No initiatives associated with the Social Safety Net
project will be piloted until the project evaluation is completed and
found to be positive.4. Project Management. This component would provide
institutional strengthening for FISE, including resources for TA,
equipment, vehicles, training (including study tours), financing for the
Living Standard Measurement Survey (LSMS), external audits and monitoring
- 6 -



and evaluation measures.
1. Subproject financing
2. Strengthening local capacity
3. Developing a coherent Social Safety Net.
a. Institutional strengthening for policy
analysis and formulation
b. Establishing an Innovation Fund
4. Project Management
a) operational costs
b) Technical assistance, training, vehicles and equipment, including
financing for LSMS, monitoring and evaluation assistance, and external
audits
5. Financing
Total ( US$m)
Total Project Cost       136
6. Implementation
The proposed project would be implemented over a three-year period, and
would be managed by FISE, which continues to benefit from strong
management. FISE is the only social fund in the region which has not been
affected, so far, by changes in government, and this has led to a cadre of
well-qualified, experienced, and respected managers. FISE has shown
considerable capacity to process a growing portfolio of increasingly
complex sub-projects, and has played a central role in responding to
Hurricane Mitch. This process has been, and is being, assisted by
substantial technical assistance provided by IDA (under Cr. 2434-NI,
2767-NI, 3142-NI and during present project preparation), IDB (including
in the context of the current preparation of its new loan), Swedish SIDA
(decentralization) and KfW (mainly in water supply and decentralization).
FISE's sub-project processing has improved on a number of occasions,
benefiting from a variety of studies, including the above-mentioned Impact
Evaluation and cost-effectiveness studies, beneficiary assessments and
technical assistance in adjusting the various steps of the project
cycle.The allocation of FISE's resources would be based on the new poverty
map. As done in the past, FISE would again assign in its new program
funds to municipalities according to their level of poverty. However, in
a departure from the last program, the municipalities would only be able
to access 70 percent of this ex-ante assignation automatically. The
remaining 30 percent would be conditional on the municipalities'
performance (maintenance of existing facilities, efforts to strengthen
participation, etc.). A satisfactory concept for measuring the performance
has been presented to the Bank. It was agreed that the 30 percent flexible
ex-ante allocation can only be allocated to municipalities of the same
poverty category to avoid re-distribution from extreme poor to less poor
municipalities. In addition, US $5 million of the sub-project allocation
of the proposed project would cover the gap of the ex-ante allocation of
the former program 1998 - 2001, to make up for the gap that was caused by
allocating funds under Credit 3142-NI to disaster mitigation measures in
the aftermath of Hurricane Mitch. In a departure from earlier practice,
FISE has started to delegate the responsibility for sub-project management
to qualified municipalities by decentralizing processes and resources. In
1998, FISE initiated a pilot program in nine municipalities who received
- 7 -



technical assistance and resources to manage the entire project cycle for
sub-projects equal to or less than US $100,000. Based on the positive
experience with regional teams in the aftermath of Hurricane Mitch, in
1999 FISE established its first regional office in Matagalpa which shares
subproject management with the neighboring municipalities for subprojects
up to a value of US $100,000. FISE is considering establishing further
offices, as well as an expanded role for those offices. The remainder of
municipalities is still served by FISE headquarters in Managua. Building
on this experience, FISE has developed a concept for decentralizing the
management of subprojects. It is expected that, by 2004, up to 40
municipalities will have reached the capacity to manage the project cycle
independently, with FISE assuming the role of a second-tier financing
agency. FISE will continue and expand its program of Participatory
Micro-Planning (MPP), which it started on a pilot basis in 1998. The MPP
aims at obtaining maximum participation of communities and stakeholders in
the municipal planning and selection of sub-projects to be funded with
FISE and other sources. An evaluation of the MPP, carried out jointly by
the Bank and KfW in late-1999, revealed that the MPP successfully achieved
these goals. However, the MPP in most cases was seen as a planning
exercise to access funds from FISE and not as an instrument to improve
overall planning at the municipal level. The Bank is supporting a process
in which FISE, INIFOM and other relevant actors review the methodology and
develop a unified operational approach to participative municipal planning
that would be used nationwide. An operational manual for the municipal
planning process has been agreed upon by the interested parties. In its
new program, FISE, in coordination with INIFOM and others, will ensure a
participatory municipal planning process in up to 100 municipalities
following the agreed methodology. It has been agreed with FISE that, under
the proposed project, subprojects could only be funded if they are
prioritized in a municipal investment plan based on a transparent,
participatory planning exercise. FISE would also continue to strengthen
the implementation of the Preventive Maintenance Fund (PMF), which was
established on a pilot basis in 1997 to ensure funding for preventive
maintenance of completed education and health sub-projects. The PMF is
funded, one-third each, by the line ministries, the municipalities, and
FISE (from central government funds). Since December 1999, NGOs and others
have carried out community maintenance training for school councils and
health committees in 140 of the country's 150 municipalities. As a
result, the PMF has become increasingly operationally useful.
Accountability of the local governments has proven to be satisfactory.
Recently, FISE has opened up the PMF to infrastructure (schools and health
facilities) not financed by FISE.FISE is exploring possibilities for
cooperation with the private sector to "adopt" schools (and possibly
health posts) to ensure quality service delivery. The American Chamber of
Commerce (AMCHAM) recently started such a scheme. FISE and AMCHAM agreed
to develop a concept for a more systematic involvement of the private
sector in service delivery of projects financed by FISE. There are two key
functions for the development of a coherent Social Safety Net in
Nicaragua: the development of a social protection strategy and better
management of Nicaragua's public investment program in the social areas,
including monitoring and evaluation of social safety net programs.
Currently, these two functions are housed in two departments of the SETEC:
the Department of Social Policy Coordination and the Department of Public
Investment. The proposed Innovation Fund would be managed by FISE, and
the Bank would offer "no objections" to proposed subprojects to be
- 8 -



financed by the Innovation Fund. An operational manual will serve as
guidance to implement the social assistance part of the Fund. The part of
the Fund that would strengthen the Safety Net Program would be executed
according to guidelines established by the program. During appraisal it
was agreed that the Bank would only finance subprojects to deepen or
possibly expand the pilot after its evaluation and in the case of positive
results.
7. Sustainability
The sustainability of Social Investment Funds has always been a concern of
the donors. In response, FISE has paid increasing attention to ensuring
that there will be satisfactory arrangements for sub-project operation and
maintenance. This now includes the establishment of user committees,
substantial training of the committees and beneficiaries, a detailed
agreement between FISE and the beneficiaries before the project starts and
at hand-over, and the operation of the FMP with equal financial
contributions of the line ministries, the municipalities/communities, and
FISE. In Central America, FISE is the first Social Investment Fund to have
such a fund and system in place. FISE's capacity building efforts will
enable local authorities and communities to manage project execution and
maintenance in the future. It will enhance ownership - an important
element of sustainability. Improvements in local governments' capacity to
work with communities and relevant national authorities will help to
ensure adequate operation and maintenance of projects. At the
macro-level, FISE is fully dependent upon government and donor funding.
However, the Government has emphasized on many occasions, and confirmed in
its Poverty Reduction Strategy the importance of FISE in dealing with the
country's substantial lack of basic, small-scale infrastructure and
quality services. In coordination with the other major donors of FISE, the
proposed project would provide institutional support to FISE to develop a
proposal for its future institutional role within the Government's Poverty
Reduction Strategy, including a proposal for long-term financing of FISE
recurrent expenditure. The development of a social protection strategy for
the country is one of the challenges posed by the Poverty Reduction
Strategy. The outcome of the proposed safety net component would be a
better targeted and more effective safety net which contributes to the
sustainability of the remaining safety net programs.
8. Lessons learned from past operations in the country/sector
The proposed project reflects the lessons of earlier projects, as well as
from international experience with social funds. Those lessons are
mentioned in the ICRs of the first two IDA-supported FISE projects (Cr.
2434-NI and 2767-NI), OED reports on the same projects, the major Impact
Evaluation and the Cost-Effectiveness Study mentioned above, as well as a
host of Bank staff papers and other papers prepared on social funds,
including at the most recent Social Fund conference held at the Bank in
June 2000. Equally important, the design reflects the findings and
recommendations of a FISE-logical framework seminar (IDB-funded) held in
Montelimar, Nicaragua in June 2000; this meeting was attended by
representatives of FISE, INIFOM, SETEC, the decentralization commission,
NGOs, and the major donors, as well as various mayors and technical staff
from municipalities. The main policy, organizational, and operational
lessons suggest the following requirements in order to maintain efficiency
and improve sustainability:Consistency with national development
strategies.    Efficiency of operational policies and procedures, as well
-9-



as overall program effectiveness, depend upon a clear understanding of
FISE's role in the overall development strategy framework. The new poverty
reduction strategy is such framework. It is particularly important for
FISE to clarify its future role in the context of this strategy and the
decentralization strategy of the country. The project will support FISE in
defining its role in the overall poverty reduction strategy, and it will
support Government to develop a more coherent safety net in which FISE
will most likely be an important actor. Clear and limited objectives.
FISE, like all social investment funds, needs to maintain clear and
limited objectives. When objectives are unclear, or when social funds
become responsible for numerous (and sometimes conflicting) tasks,
efficiency and effectiveness can become compromised. FISE has managed to
find a balance between its traditional tasks and new challenges. However,
the stretch between new tasks and regular operations has become
increasingly difficult. Thus the project design recognizes that
"Subproject Financing" will remain the core activity of the project.
Reaching the poor. The FISE Impact Evaluation clearly showed that FISE
interventions are reaching the poor. FISE has strengthened its poverty
focus in the present program by allocating considerable more resources per
capita to municipalities with extreme and high poverty. This trend will
also be followed under the new program, which resource allocation will be
based on the new, recently revised Poverty Map. However, the Impact
Evaluation also showed that FISE interventions do not adequately reach the
poorest of the poor. The proposed project therefore introduces an
innovation fund that would try out different potential approaches (safety
net program and social assistance projects) for piloting interventions
targeted to the poorest and most vulnerable groups in the
country.Potential for innovation and laying groundwork for future reform.
Notwithstanding the fact that the project focuses on subproject financing
as FISE's "core business", it also responds to the recognition that social
funds can serve effectively as incubators for innovation, and can
demonstrate through practice the potentials for and directions of
strategic reform in key sectors affecting the poor. In this respect, the
project's innovation fund and indigenous peoples pilot program would focus
attention on drawing lessons, even as they realize immediate impacts, in
areas viewed as critical to address poverty in Nicaragua over the longer
term.Key institutional characteristics. The project would place due
emphasis on the institutional characteristics that are considered most
critical for the success of social investment funds: (i) operational
efficiency and flexibility; (ii) transparency and accountability, which
are bolstered by clear resource allocation criteria and operational
guidelines, reliable independent audits and evaluations, an effective
management information system, and vigilant supervision by external
financing agencies; (iii) clear and simple procurement and disbursement
procedures; (iv) competitive salaries and freedom from normal government
personnel restrictions, in order to permit recruitment/retention of highly
qualified staff; (v) proper targeting mechanisms; (vi) integration of the
environmental and gender viewpoints into operations; and (vii) a system of
monitoring and evaluation activities.Sustainability. Subproject
sustainability requires a participatory process that actively involves
communities and municipalities in defining their needs and priorities and
throughout the project cycle. This approach does not only secure community
commitment to subproject operation and maintenance, but also contributes
to active local development. However, to be fully successful, subproject
sustainability requires the coordinated support of communities, local
- 10 -



governments, and line ministries as designed in the Preventive
Maintenance Fund. Focus on service delivery. An important result of the
FISE Impact Evaluation is that FISE subprojects had no measurable impact
on health outcomes. Two reasons may contribute to this result: (i) the
quality of the services offered in the newly established facilities did
not improve due to constraints in qualified staff, materials and
equipment, and (ii) the demand for the services provided did not increase.
The proposed project addresses both issues by (i) closer coordination
particularly with the Ministry of Health, and (ii) piloting interventions
through the Innovation Fund that would increase the demand for health
services. Role of local governments. Local governments are becoming
increasingly important in Nicaragua to promote local development and in
the country's effort to reduce the severe poverty. They have a decisive
role to play in ensuring participatory priority-setting, delivering
services to the communities, and contributing to better coordination at
the local level. FISE has demonstrated that it is possible to strengthen
local governments' capacities to carry out these functions. It will be a
challenge for FISE to transfer responsibility for participatory planning
and project implementation to a larger number of local governments.
Intensive and sustained coordination with other actors involved in
local/municipal development (like INIFOM) will be required in order to
achieve more widespread and sustained strengthening of municipal
capacities.Future role of FISE. The notion that social funds are
temporary needs to be reevaluated in general, and in Nicaragua in
particular. FISE's creation 10 years ago as a temporary agency was based
on the assumption that the economic adjustment program was of a limited
duration, that economic growth would soon pick up and reduce poverty
considerably, and that the line ministries would be strengthened to
prepare and implement programs and projects targeted to the poor, so that
there would be no long-term need for a social investment fund. However,
chronic poverty continues to be pervasive, and constraints on government
expenditures and economic activity that could adversely affect the poor
are likely to persist for some time. Moreover, FISE's role in efficiently
financing small social and economic infrastructure on a massive scale
particularly in poor areas of the country remains relevant and
indispensable as pointed out by the recent Nicaragua Poverty Assessment
and the Poverty Reduction Strategy. It is not clear that this function
would be better executed exclusively by traditional line ministries, whose
capacities in this area have not improved significantly. FISE has also
shown that it can play an important role as a catalyst to strengthen local
governments and their abilities to foment participatory processes for
identifying, implementing, and sustaining priority investments. Also,
FISE has piloted new initiatives like the Safety Net Program that proves
its ability to create innovative interventions beyond its core business.
Thus, the comparative advantages of FISE are likely to remain relevant for
quite some time.Preparedness for contingency responsibilities during
disaster. The effective roles played by FISE following Hurricane Mitch
underscored the fact that social funds can be effective instruments to
help governments respond to natural disasters. To be better prepared for
such situations in the future, FISE and the Disaster Management project
teams (in Nicaragua and in the Bank) have established mechanisms of
coordination with the aim of improving disaster preparedness at the
community / municipal level.
9. Program of Targeted Intervention (PTI)     Y
- 11 -



10. Environment Aspects (including any public consultation)
Issues     :  In accordance with OD 4.01, para. 8(d) , the
project is listed in category FI (financial intermediary). The FISE,
acting as the financial intermediary, is responsible for sub-project
preparation, screening, and implementation. The majority of sub-projects
financed by FISE will fall under environmental Category C, some will fall
under Category B; no "A" projects will be funded. No involuntary
resettlement will occur as a result of sub-projects, either during project
execution or implementation and FISE will not finance projects in
protected areas unless it receives the explicit approval of the governing
Environmental Ministry MARENA.FISE has already established capable staff
and adequate procedures to evaluate environmental risks linked to
sub-projects. Under the proposed project, FISE would conduct further
training and sensitization programs, not only for its staff, but also for
municipalities and communities, as part of the decentralization process.
This will be of particular importance for health center, water supply,
sanitation, and solid waste, and access road sub-projects. In addition,
the results of the Swiss-financed environmental and social evaluation of
indigenous communities in the Costa Atlantica will be followed up through
the Indigenous Peoples pilot program (see annex 12) financed under the
proposed project as well as the IDB-supported Atlantic Coast Local
Development project.During appraisal, it has been agreed with FISE
management that the Environmental Unit will be included in technical
discussions related to solid waste management and rural road projects.
Given that these projects have the potential for significant environmental
impacts, the Bank has asked FISE to review the design of these two project
types with full participation of the Environmental Unit in all related
technical discussions. The Bank has also required that the pilot
subproject proposals for solid waste and for rural road subprojects be
submitted for clearance to the Bank. Furthermore, the Unit will play a
more active part in FISE's decentralization process. A start will be made
by offering a broad based training on environmental issues not only for
FISE headquaters but also for municipal technical staff financed under the
ongoing FISE III operation.
11. Contact Point:
Task Manager
Andrea Vermehren
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington D.C. 20433
Telephone:   (202) 458-0657
Fax:   (202) 522-1201
12. For information on other project related documents contact:
The InfoShop
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone: (202) 458-5454
Fax:        (202) 522-1500
Web: http:// www.worldbank.org/infoshop
Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain components may
- 12 -



not be necessarily included in the final project.
This PID was processed by the InfoShop during the week ending April 6, 2001.
- 13 -



