Page  1
                                              LOAN NUMBERS 3091-VE
                                                           3092-VE
                                                           3223-VE
                                                           3224-VE
              Relating to the use for debt reduction
               of portions of the proceeds of Loans
               3091-VE (Structural Adjustment Loan),
                   3092-VE (Trade Policy Loan),
            3223-VE (Public Enterprise Reform Loan) and
            3224-VE (Financial Sector Adjustment Loan)
                              between
                       REPUBLIC OF VENEZUELA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                      Dated December 14, 1990
                                              LOAN NUMBERS 3091-VE
                                                           3092-VE
                                                           3223-VE
                                                           3224-VE
                     IMPLEMENTATION AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated December 14, 1990, between REPUBLIC OF
VENEZUELA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) By (i) a Loan Agreement between the Borrower and
the Bank dated October 16, 1989 for the Structural Adjustment Loan
No. 3091-VE (such agreement, as amended, hereinafter called the SAL
Loan Agreement), (ii) a Loan Agreement between the Borrower and the
Bank dated October 16, 1989 for the Trade Policy Loan No. 3092-VE
(such agreement, as amended, hereinafter called the TPL Loan
Agreement), (iii) a Loan Agreement between the Borrower and the Bank
dated October 15, 1990 for the Public Enterprise Reform Loan No.
3223-VE (such agreement hereinafter called the PERL Loan Agreement),
and (iv) a Loan Agreement between the Borrower and the Bank dated
October 15, 1990 for the Financial Sector Adjustment Loan No. 3224-
VE (such agreement hereinafter called the FSAL Loan Agreement), the
Bank agreed to make each of the aforementioned four Loans (each of
such Loans hereinafter respectively called SAL, TPL, PERL and FSAL,
and collectively called the Loans) in amounts in various currencies
equivalent to four hundred and two million dollars ($402,000,000),
three hundred and fifty-three million dollars ($353,000,000), three
hundred and fifty million dollars ($350,000,000), and three hundred
million dollars ($300,000,000), respectively, on the terms and
conditions respectively set forth in the SAL Loan Agreement, the TPL
Page  2
Loan Agreement, the PERL Loan Agreement and the FSAL Loan Agreement;
      (B)   the SAL Loan Agreement stipulates that subject, inter
alia, to an agreement between the Borrower and the Bank, the
Borrower shall have the option to use a portion of the proceeds of
the SAL up to an amount equivalent to one hundred million dollars
($100,000,000) as provided in Section 3.05 of the SAL Loan Agreement
(the SAL Set-aside Funds) for a Debt Reduction Plan (as the term is
defined in such Section 3.05);
      (C)   the TPL Loan Agreement stipulates that subject, inter
alia, to an agreement between the Borrower and the Bank, the
Borrower shall have the option to use a portion of the proceeds of
the TPL up to an amount equivalent to eighty-seven million five
hundred thousand dollars ($87,500,000) as provided in the Sec-
tion 3.05 of the TPL Loan Agreement (the TPL Set-aside Funds) for a
Debt Reduction Plan (as the term is defined in such Section 3.05);
      (D)   the PERL Loan Agreement stipulates that subject, inter
alia, to an agreement between the Borrower and the Bank, the
Borrower may use a portion of the proceeds of the PERL up to an
amount equivalent to eighty-seven million five hundred thousand
dollars ($87,500,000) as provided in Section 3.05 of the PERL Loan
Agreement (the PERL Set-aside Funds) for a Debt Reduction Plan (as
the term is defined in Section 1.02 (c) of the PERL Loan Agreement)
under Part B of the Project described in Schedule 2 to such PERL
Loan Agreement;
      (E)   the FSAL Loan Agreement stipulates that subject, inter
alia, to an agreement between the Borrower and the Bank, the
Borrower may use a portion of the proceeds of the FSAL up to an
amount equivalent to seventy-five million dollars ($75,000,000) as
provided in Section 3.05 of the FSAL Loan Agreement (the FSAL Set-
aside Funds) for a Debt Reduction Plan (as the term is defined in
Section 1.02 (c) of the FSAL Loan Agreement) under Part B of the
Project described in Schedule 2 to the FSAL Loan Agreement;
      (F)   the Borrower has requested the international banking
community to participate in a debt relief and new financing package
distributed to the relevant creditors as of June 25, 1990, denomi-
nated "1990 Financing Plan" (hereinafter the Financing Plan)
designed to support the Borrower's medium-term growth-oriented
economic program, and the international banking community has
responded favorably to such request;
      (G)   the Borrower has requested the Bank to release the Set-
aside Funds (as hereinafter defined) in such amounts as will be
necessary for financing the provision of collateral to secure
interest payments on, and the payment of the principal amount of,
Bonds (as hereinafter defined) to be issued in exchange for existing
debt as part of the Financing Plan and, for that purpose, to enter
into this agreement (hereinafter the "Implementation Agreement") for
purposes of implementing the said financing;
     (H)    the Borrower hereby represents to the Bank that the
execution of this Agreement has been duly authorized by the
following Borrower's Laws (i) "LEY PROGRAMA PARA EL FINANCIAMIENTO
DEL PLAN DE INVERSIONES EN INFRAESTRUCTURA SOCIAL Y EN INFRAE-
STRUCTURA DE APOYO A LA PRODUCCION, DEL PROGRAMA DE DESARROLLO
SOCIAL, DEL PROGRAMA DE PREINVERSION, SUPERVISION Y ASISTENCIA
TECNICA, DEL PLAN DE INVERSIONES DE ENTES DEL SECTOR PUBLICO Y DE
OPERACIONES DE REDUCCION DE LA DEUDA PUBLICA EXTERNA, QUE SE
EJECUTARA DURANTE EL PERIODO 1990 - 1994" published in the Bor-
rower's Official Gazette Extraordinary Issue No. 4,194 dated July
30, 1990, in respect of the PERL and FSAL Loan Agreements, (ii) "LEY
QUE AUTORIZA AL EJECUTIVO NACIONAL PARA CELEBRAR OPERACIONES DE
CREDITO PUBLICO DESTINADAS AL FINANCIAMIENTO SOCIAL Y ASISTENCIA
TECNICA COMO APOYO AL PROGRAMA DE AJUSTE MACROECONOMICO, Y DE
OPERACIONES DE REDUCCION DE LA DEUDA PUBLICA EXTERNA, HASTA POR LA
CANTIDAD DE VEINTITRES MIL NOVECIENTOS MILLONES DE BOLIVARES"
published in the Borrower's Official Gazette Issue No. 34,305 dated
Page  3
September 14, 1989, in respect of the SAL Loan Agreement, and (iii)
"LEY QUE AUTORIZA AL EJECUTIVO NACIONAL PARA CELEBRAR OPERACIONES DE
CREDITO PUBLICO, DESTINADAS AL FINANCIAMIENTO PARCIAL DE LOS
PROGRAMAS DE APOYO A LA REFORMA COMERCIAL QUE ADELANTA EL EJECUTIVO
NACIONAL PARA EL PERIODO 1989 - 1991 Y DE OPERACIONES DE REDUCCION
DE LA DEUDA PUBLICA EXTERNA, HASTA POR UN MONTO DE QUINCE MIL
QUINIENTOS CINCUENTA MILLONES DE BOLIVARES" as published in the
Borrower's Official Gazette Extraordinary Issue No. 4,124 dated
September 14, 1989, in respect of the TPL Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS, upon the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing, the
Borrower and the Bank have agreed to enter into the Implementation
Agreement on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.
      NOW THEREFORE, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01 (a) It is hereby agreed that (i) this Implemen-
tation Agreement is being entered into to supplement the provisions
of each of the SAL Loan Agreement, the TPL Loan Agreement, the PERL
Loan Agreement and the FSAL Loan Agreement with the aim of governing
the withdrawal of proceeds of the respective Loans made thereunder
for the purposes described in Clause (G) of the Preamble to this
Agreement; (ii) this agreement will be considered a supplemental
agreement for purposes of Section 2.01 paragraph 3 of the General
Conditions applicable to each of the aforesaid Loan Agreements; and
(iii) to the extent said General Conditions shall apply to the use
of the Set-aside Funds and to this Implementation Agreement, each
reference to "Project" in the provisions of said General Conditions
and in this Implementation Agreement shall be understood as a
reference to "Program", as defined in paragraph (b) of this Section.
      (b)   "Program" means the provision of Collateral for the
purpose of securing interest payments on, and payment of the
principal amount of, Bonds to be exchanged for Eligible Debt to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan withdrawn from the Loan
Account as SAL, TPL, PERL or FSAL Set-aside Funds, as the case may
be, pursuant to the provisions of this Implementation Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in Section 1.01 above, in the Preamble to this
Implementation Agreement and, unless otherwise required by the
context, in the SAL Loan Agreement, the TPL Loan Agreement, the PERL
Loan Agreement and the FSAL Loan Agreement, and the General Condi-
tions applicable thereto, have the respective meanings therein set
forth, and the following additional terms have the following
meanings:
      (a)   "Bonds" means each of the Collateralized Floating Rate
Discount Bonds Due 2020 to be issued by the Borrower as described in
the Financing Plan;
      (b)   "Collateral" means collateral to be pledged by the
Borrower in connection with the Exchange (as hereinafter defined),
to secure interest payments on, and the payment of the principal
amount of, Bonds in accordance with agreements entered into pursuant
to the Financing Plan, and to be financed out of the Set-aside Funds
(as hereinafter defined);
      (c)   "Collateral Accounts" means the several interest and
principal Collateral Accounts in which the Collateral for the Bonds
is to be deposited in accordance with agreements (hereinafter the
"Collateral Pledge Agreements") made by the Borrower in favor of the
collateral agent (hereinafter the "Collateral Agent"), pursuant to
the Financing Plan;
      (d)   "Eligible Debt" means any or all of the debt owed to
commercial banks and other financial institutions, and eligible for
Exchange (as hereinafter defined) under the Financing Plan;
Page  4
      (e)   "Exchange" means the exchange of any or all Eligible
Debt of Participating Lenders (as hereinafter defined) for new debt
evidenced by the Bonds to be implemented in accordance with
agreements entered into pursuant to the Financing Plan;
      (f)    "Participating Lender" means each commercial bank or
other financial institution with Eligible Debt that elects to
participate in the Financing Plan;
      (g)   "Fiscal Year" means the fiscal year of the Borrower
beginning on January 1, 1990 or on January 1, 1991; and
      (h)    "Set-aside Funds" means any of the SAL Set-aside Funds
or the TPL Set-aside Funds or the PERL Set-aside Funds or the FSAL
Set-aside Funds or, if the context so requires, collectively, all of
the said Set-aside Funds.
                            ARTICLE II
                             The Loan
      Section 2.01. An amount of the Set-aside Funds not exceeding
the equivalent of $285,000,000 may be withdrawn from the Loan
Accounts opened by the Bank for each of the PERL, FSAL, SAL and TPL
in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Implementa-
tion Agreement; provided, however, that withdrawals from the
applicable Loan Account shall be made in the same order in which the
Loans are mentioned above in this Section.
      Section 2.02. Any amount of the SAL Set-aside Funds or the TPL
Set-aside Funds or the PERL Set-aside Funds or the FSAL Set-aside
Funds that shall have not been withdrawn from the applicable Loan
Account by February 28, 1991, or such later date as approved by the
Bank shall, at the request of the Borrower: (i) be made available
again for disbursements from the applicable Loan Account in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to the SAL Loan
Agreement and the TPL Loan Agreement, in the case of the SAL Set-
aside Funds and the TPL Set-aside Funds, respectively, and the
options provided for in Section 3.05 of the SAL Loan Agreement or of
TPL Loan Agreement or both, as the case may be, shall thereafter
terminate or (ii) be reallocated to Category 1, 2 or 3 of the table
in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to the PERL Loan Agreement or the FSAL
Loan Agreement, as the case may be, in accordance with and as if
they were governed by the provisions of paragraph 8 of Schedule 1 to
each such Loan Agreement, in the case of the PERL Set-aside Funds
and the FSAL Set-aside Funds, respectively, and Category 4 of the
aforesaid table of the PERL Loan Agreement or of the FSAL Loan
Agreement, or of both, as the case may be, shall be deemed in-
existent thereafter except to the extent funds thereunder have been
withdrawn; provided, however, that, before the aforesaid date but
after the amounts of the Set-aside Funds withdrawn from the
corresponding Loan Accounts have reached the amount stipulated in
Section 2.01 of this Implementation Agreement, the aforesaid
provisions shall also apply to any unwithdrawn amount of TPL Set-
aside Funds.
      Section 2.03. (a) Upon the occurrence of any of the following
events, the Bank, at its option, may, by notice to the Borrower,
require the Borrower to repay, in advance of maturity, such portion
of the principal amount of the SAL, PERL, FSAL or TPL then
outstanding but not exceeding the amount of the SAL Set-aside Funds,
TPL Set-aside Funds, PERL Set-aside Funds and FSAL Set-aside Funds,
respectively, as specified below and in the successive order in
which the said Bank loans are mentioned above, together with all
accrued interest and other charges thereon:
            (i)   The Bank shall have determined at any time that
                  any amount of the aforesaid Set-aside Funds has
                  not been used on or prior to the date referred to
                  in Section 2.02 of this Implementation Agreement
                  for the purpose of the Program, and such amount
Page  5
                  has not been reallocated pursuant to such Sec-
                  tion 2.02, in which case the amount of such Set-
                  aside Funds subject to prepayment shall be such
                  amount as shall have been so determined.
           (ii)   Any portion of the Collateral shall have been
                  released to the Borrower, in which case the
                  amount subject to prepayment shall be the portion
                  of the Collateral so released. The provisions of
                  this paragraph shall not apply if the Borrower
                  establishes, to the satisfaction of the Bank,
                  that the amount of such Collateral so released
                  has been or will be used: (A) to support further
                  debt or debt service reduction activities of the
                  Borrower; or (B) to finance imports of goods
                  acceptable to the Bank under the applicable Loan
                  Agreement.
      (b)   The Borrower shall inform the Bank of the occurrence of
any of the events listed in paragraph (a) of this Section within
five (5) working days of the occurrence thereof;
      (c)   The Bank hereby waives the payment of any premium
payable under Schedule 2 to the SAL and TPL Loan Agreements and
Schedule 3 to the PERL and FSAL Loan Agreements on prepayment of any
portion of the SAL and TPL Set-aside Funds, or PERL and FSAL Set-
aside Funds, respectively, pursuant to paragraph (a) of this
Section; and
      (d)   Prepayment of all or any portion of the Set-aside Funds
in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section shall be made on a
date and in the currency specified by the Bank and the amount so
prepaid shall be deleted from the Central Disbursement Account on
such date. For purposes of the provisions of Section 4.02 (a) and
(c) of the General Conditions referred to in Section 1.02 of this
Implementation Agreement, the aforesaid date shall be the date
accepted by the Bank for prepayment.
                            ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower and the Bank shall, from time
to time, at the request of any party, exchange views on the Program;
and
      (b)   prior to each such exchange of views, the Borrower shall
furnish to the Bank for its review and comment a report on the
Program in such detail as the Bank shall reasonably request.
      Section 3.02. (a) The Borrower shall use the proceeds of each
of the SAL, TPL, PERL and FSAL Set-aside Funds withdrawn from the
respective Loan Account solely for the purposes of the Program; and
      (b)   without any limitations or restrictions upon the
provisions of Section 9.01 of the General Conditions and Section
2.03 (b) of this Implementation Agreement, the Borrower shall:
(i) at all times keep the Bank informed of all notices, certificates
and confirmations issued to or received by the Borrower in respect
of the Collateral; and (ii) provide to the Bank copies of the
monthly reports with respect to the Collateral Accounts delivered by
the Collateral Agent to the Borrower pursuant to the provisions of
the Collateral Pledge Agreements within 15 days of the receipt
thereof.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained separate records and accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with consistently maintained sound accounting practices
Page  6
the payments made in respect of the Program and financed out of the
proceeds of each of the SAL, TPL, PERL and FSAL Set-aside Funds.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the Bank;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than four months after the end
                  of each such year, a certified copy of the report
                  of such audit by said auditors, of such scope and
                  in such detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information con-
                  cerning said records and accounts and the audit
                  thereof as the Bank shall from time to time
                  reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the applicable Loan Account were made on the basis of state-
ments of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the Bank
                  has received the audit report for the fiscal year
                  or years in which withdrawal from the applicable
                  Loan Account were made, all records (contracts,
                  orders, invoices, bills, receipts and other
                  documents) evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Bank's representatives to examine such
                  records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are includ-
                  ed in the annual audit referred to in paragraph
                  (b) of this Section and that the report of such
                  audit contains a separate opinion by said audi-
                  tors as to whether the statements of expenditure
                  submitted during such fiscal year, together with
                  the procedures and internal controls involved in
                  their preparation, can be relied upon to support
                  the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                       Remedies of the Bank
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   that any event shall have occurred that, in the
reasonable judgment of the Bank, materially and adversely affects
the maintenance of the Collateral under the agreements entered into
pursuant to the Financing Plan; provided, however, that the
preceding provisions shall not apply in the event Collateral has
been drawn-down or released in accordance with such agreements; and
      (b)   the pledge of the Collateral shall have ceased to be a
valid and perfected first priority security interest in favor of the
Collateral Agent on behalf of the holders of the Bonds.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
Page  7
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of this Implementation Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   that there shall be furnished to the Bank an opinion or
opinions satisfactory to the Bank, of counsel acceptable to the
Bank, showing that this Implementation Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by, and executed and delivered on behalf of
the Borrower and is legally binding upon the Borrower in accordance
with its terms;
      (b)   that the Borrower shall have executed agreements with
participating lenders (i) for the exchange, under the Financing
Plan, of eligible debt aggregating at least the equivalent of eleven
billion dollars for Collateralized Floating Rate Discount Bonds Due
2020, Collateralized Fixed Rate Par Bonds Due 2020 and Front-Loaded
Interest Reduction Bonds Due 2007; and (ii) under which said lenders
shall have committed new money under the Financing Plan aggregating
at least the equivalent of one billion dollars; and
      (c)   that the Borrower shall have confirmed, in form and
substance satisfactory to the Bank, the availibility of adequate
resources to implement the Financing Plan.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  REPUBLIC OF VENEZUELA
                  By /s/ Carlos Hernandez Delfino
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                            SCHEDULE 1
                    Withdrawal of the Proceeds
                of the Set-aside Funds of the Loan
1.    Subject to the provisions set forth or referred to in this
Schedule, the proceeds of each of the SAL, TPL, PERL and FSAL Set-
aside Funds may be withdrawn from the corresponding Loan Account for
payments made or, if the Bank shall so agree, to be made, in respect
of the provision of Collateral for the Bonds and to be financed out
of such proceeds.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments to be made in
respect of the provision of Collateral unless: (a) the Bank shall
have approved the procedures for such withdrawals; and (b) the Bank
shall be satisfied, based on evidence satisfactory to the Bank, with
the arrangements for the maintenance of the Collateral.
Page  8
