Page  1
                                                              CONFORMED COPY
                                                     CREDIT NUMBER  2759 SE
                        Development Credit Agreement
                 (Private Sector Capacity Building Project)
                                   between
                             REPUBLIC OF SENEGAL
                                     and
                    INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                            Dated August 8, 1995
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER  2759  SE
                        DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated August 8, 1995, between Republic of
Senegal (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to
the feasibility and priority of the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has requested the Association to
assist in the financing of the Project;
      (B) the Association has received a letter dated January
13, 1995, from the Borrower describing a program of actions,
objectives and policies designed to achieve to strengthen the
performance of the Borrower's private sector (the Program) and
declaring the Borrower's commitment to the execution of the
Program;
      (C) Part A of the Project will be carried out by the
Private Sector Foundation (PSF) with the Borrower's assistance
and, as part of such assistance, the Borrower will make
available to PSF the proceeds of the Credit as provided in this
Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower
upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and
in the Project Agreement of even date herewith between the
Page  2
Association and PSF;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                  ARTICLE I
                       General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with modifications thereto set forth below
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this
Agreement:
      (a)   the last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      (b)   the second sentence of Section 5.01 is modified to
read:
            "Except as the Association and the Borrower shall
            otherwise agree, no withdrawals shall be made: (a)
            on account of expenditures in the territories of any
            country which is not a member of the Bank or for
            goods produced in, or services supplied from, such
            territories; or (b) for the purpose of any payment
            to persons or entities, or for any import of goods,
            if such payment or import, to the knowledge of the
            Association, is prohibited by a decision of the
            United Nations Security Council taken under Chapter
            VII of the Charter of the United Nations."
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the
Preamble to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein
set forth and the following additional terms have the following
meanings:
      (a)   "MEFP" means the Ministry of Economy, Finance and
Planning of the Borrower;
      (b)   "Cellule de Controle" means the Cellule de Controle
et de Gestion du Portefeuille de l'Etat, a unit within the MEFP
which has the responsibility of handling the Privatization
Program of the Borrower (as hereinafter defined);
      (c)   "Privatization Program" means the privatization
program of the Borrower initiated in the context of the Private
Sector Adjustment and Competitiveness Project financed under a
Credit from the Association (Credit No. 2681-SE);
      (d)   "CRG" means Competitiveness Review Group, an
organization established pursuant to the Borrower's Decree No.
95-414, with the responsibility of identifying policy and
regulatory constraints of the private sector and designing and
implementing remedial measures;
      (e)   "LRC" means Legal Reform Committee, a committee
established pursuant to Decree No. 94-895 of the Borrower,
dated September 5, 1994, for the purpose of coordinating legal
reform activities;
      (f)   "PSF" means Private Sector Foundation, an entity
established in accordance with the Borrower's Law No. 95-11,
and Decree No. 95-490, with the mandate to assist private
business enterprises to increase their competitiveness and
efficiency through business advisory services;
      (g)   "Consultative Committee" means the Committee of the
PSF, appointed in accordance with the provisions of the
statutes of the PSF, dated May 11, 1995, for the purpose of
advising the managing director of PSF;
      (h)   "Project Agreement" means the agreement between the
Page  3
Association and PSF of even date herewith, as the same may be
amended from time to time, and such term includes all schedules
and agreements supplemental to the Project Agreement;
      (i)   "Convention" means the agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and PSF pursuant to Section 3.01 (c) of
this Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time,
and such term includes the Manual of Procedures (as hereinafter
defined) and all schedules to the Convention;
      (j)   "Manual of Procedures" means the operational manual,
approved by the Association, to be used by the Borrower and the
PSF for the implementation of the Project, as the same may be
amended from time to time, and such term includes any schedules
to the Manual of Procedures;
      (k)   "Special Account" means any one of the accounts
referred to in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (l)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advances granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to the exchange of letters dated, March 1, 1994 and
March 24, 1994, and March 20, 1995 and April 14, 1995, between
the Borrower and the Association;
      (m)   "Implementation Program" means  the program set forth
in Schedule 4 to this Agreement;
      (n)   "Sub-project" means the business advisory services
financed by PSF under Part A of the Project on  the basis of
cost-sharing between PSF and beneficiary private sector
enterprises;
      (o)   "Financing Agreement" means any of the agreements
between PSF  and a Beneficiary Enterprise pursuant to which PSF
agrees to finance part of the cost of the Sub-project to be
carried out by such enterprise;
      (p)   "Beneficiary Enterprise" means such private
enterprises and institutions receiving financing from PSF, in
accordance with the criteria described in the Manual of
Procedures; and
      (q)   "CFAF" means Franc de la Communaute Financiere
d'Afrique, the currency of the Borrower.
                                 ARTICLE II
                                 The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
in the Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent to eight million Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 8,000,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be
withdrawn from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures
made (or, if the Association shall so agree, to be made) in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower may open and maintain in CFAF a special
deposit account, for the purposes of Parts A and B of the
Project, (PSF Special Account) and a special deposit account
for the purposes of Part C of the Project, (MEFP Special
Account), both in commercial banks acceptable to the
Association,  on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association, including appropriate protection against set-off,
seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Page  4
Special Accounts shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit
Account and pay to itself the amount required to repay the
principal amount of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn
and outstanding as of such date and to pay all unpaid charges
thereon. The unwithdrawn balance of the authorized amount of
the Project Preparation Advance shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be April 30, 2001, or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The
Association shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later
date.
      Section 2.04. (a)  The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a commitment charge on the principal amount of the
Credit not withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by
the Association as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed
the rate of one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date)
to the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by
the Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at
the rate set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the
accrual date and at such other rates as may be set from time to
time thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a) above.  The rate set
as of June 30 in each year shall be applied from the next date
in that year specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such
places as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii)
without restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the
territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified
in this Agreement for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the
General Conditions or in such other eligible currency or
currencies as may from time to time be designated or selected
pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one per cent
(3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit
withdrawn and outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall
be payable semiannually on June 1 and December 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below,
the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in
semi-annual installments payable on each June 1 and December 1
commencing December 1, 2005 and ending June 1,2035. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on June 1,
2015, shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and
each installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such
principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product
per capita, as determined by the Association, shall have
exceeded $790 in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive
years; and (ii) the Bank shall consider the Borrower
creditworthy for Bank lending, the Association may, subsequent
to the review and approval thereof by the Executive Directors of
the Association and after due consideration by them of the
development of the Borrower's economy, modify the terms of
repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by requiring
the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such installment not
yet due until the principal amount of the Credit shall have
been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the Association
may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some or all
of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the
Page  5
Association on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time, provided that, in the judgment
of the Association, such revision shall not change the grant
element obtained under the above-mentioned repayment
modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms
pursuant to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines
that the Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated
significantly, the Association may, if so requested by the
Borrower, further modify the terms of repayment to conform to
the schedule of installments as provided in paragraph (a)
above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the French Republic is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the
General Conditions.
                                 ARTICLE III
                          Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to
the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement and, to this end, without any limitation or
restriction upon any of its other obligations under the
Development Credit Agreement shall carry out, through CRG and
LRC, Parts B.1 and B.2 of the Project with PSF's assistance
and, through MEFP, Part C of the Project with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate administrative
and financial practices, and shall provide, promptly as needed,
the funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for said Parts of the Project.
      (b) The Borrower shall cause PSF to perform in accordance
with the provisions of the Project Agreement all the
obligations of PSF therein set forth, shall take and cause to
be taken all action, including the provision of funds,
facilities, services and other resources, necessary or
appropriate to enable PSF to perform such obligations, and
shall not take or permit to be taken any action which would
prevent or interfere with such performance.
      (c)   The Borrower shall make the proceeds of the Credit
allocated to Parts A and B of the Project available to PSF
under a Convention to be entered into between the Borrower and
PSF, on a non-reimbursable basis and under such terms and
conditions which shall have been approved by the Association.
      (d)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
Convention in such manner as to protect the interests of the
Borrower and the Association and to accomplish the purposes of
the Credit and, except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, the Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive
the Convention or any provision thereof.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods and consultants' services
required for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule
3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower and the Association hereby
agree that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04,
9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating
to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules,
records and reports, maintenance and land acquisition,
respectively) in respect of Part A of the Project shall be
carried out by PSF pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Project
Agreement.
      Section 3.04. Without limitation upon the provisions of
Page  6
Article IX of the General Conditions, the Borrower shall:
      (a)   prepare and furnish to the Association, not later
than six months after the Closing Date, or such later date as
may be agreed for this purpose between the Borrower and the
Association, a plan, of such scope and in such detail as the
Association shall reasonably request, for the future operation
of the Project;
      (b)   afford the Association a reasonable opportunity to
exchange views with the Borrower on said plan; and
      (c)   thereafter, carry out said plan with due diligence
and efficiency and in accordance with appropriate practices,
taking into account the Association's comments thereon.
                                 ARTICLE IV
                             Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to
be maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices the operations,
resources and expenditures in respect of Part C of the Project
of the departments or agencies of the Borrower responsible for
carrying out Part C of the Project or any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section including those
                   for the Special Account for each fiscal year
                   audited, in accordance with appropriate
                   auditing principles consistently applied, by
                   independent auditors acceptable to the
                   Association;
            (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as
                   available, but in any case not later than six
                   months after the end of each such year, a
                   certified copy of the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Association shall have reasonably
                   requested; and
            (iii)  furnish to the Association such other
                   information concerning said records, accounts
                   and the audit thereof as the Association shall
                   from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the basis of
statements of expenditures, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained in
                   accordance with sound accounting practices,
                   records and accounts reflecting such
                   expenditures;
            (ii)   ensure that all records (contracts, orders,
                   invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                   evidencing such expenditures are retained until
                   at least one year after the Association has
                   received the audit report for the fiscal year
                   in which the last withdrawal from the Credit
                   Account was made;
            (iii)  enable the Association's representatives
                   to examine such records; and
            (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                   included in the annual audit referred to in
Page  7
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate
                   opinion by said auditors as to whether the
                   statements of expenditures submitted during
                   such fiscal year, together with the procedures
                   and internal controls involved in their
                   preparation, can be relied upon to support the
                   related withdrawals.
                                  ARTICLE V
                         Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   PSF shall have failed to perform any of its
obligations under the Project Agreement, or the Convention.
      (b)   As a result of events which have occurred after the
date of this Agreement, an extraordinary situation shall have
arisen which shall make it improbable that PSF will be able to
perform its obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (c)   Law No. 95-11 of the Borrower shall have been
amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to
affect materially and adversely the ability of PSF to perform
any of its obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (d)   The Borrower or any other authority having
jurisdiction shall have taken any action for the dissolution or
disestablishment of PSF or for the suspension of its
operations.
      (e)   As a result of events which have occurred after the
date of this Agreement, an extraordinary situation shall have
arisen which shall make it improbable that the Program or a
significant part thereof will be carried out.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   the event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 5.01
of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period
of sixty days after notice thereof shall have been given by the
Association to the Borrower; and
      (b)   the events specified in paragraphs (c) and (d) of
Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                                 ARTICLE VI
                         Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of the Development
Credit Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the
General Conditions:
      (a)   the Convention, under the terms and conditions
acceptable to the Association has been executed on behalf of
the Borrower and PSF;
      (b)   the Borrower has finalized and furnished to the
Association, an action plan, and timetable, acceptable to the
Association, for the implementation of Part C.1 of the Project;
      (c)   the Borrower has finalized and furnished to the
Association, an action plan, and timetable, acceptable to the
Association, for the implementation of Part C.2 of the Project;
      (d)   PSF has established a project accounting system
Page  8
acceptable to the Association; and
      (e)   the Borrower has appointed an auditor for the
Project, in accordance with the provisions of Section II of
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 6.02. The following are specified as  additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association :
      (a)   that the Project Agreement has been duly authorized
or ratified by PSF, and is legally binding upon PSF in
accordance with its terms; and
      (b)   that the Convention has been duly authorized or
ratified by the Borrower and PSF and is legally binding upon
the Borrower and PSF in accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of
this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section
12.04 of the General Conditions.
                                 ARTICLE VII
                  Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Minister responsible for finance of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for
the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for
the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Economy, Finance and Planning
            Rue Charles Laine
            B.P. 4017
            Dakar, Senegal
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   MINIFINANCES               3203 G
                   Dakar
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                    197688 (TRT),
                   Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                               64145 (WUI) or
                                               82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                   REPUBLIC OF SENEGAL
Page  9
                   By /s/ Mamadou Mansour Seck
                                                  Authorized Representative
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                   By /s/ Andrew Rogerson
                                     Acting Regional Vice President, Africa
                                 SCHEDULE 1
                  Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of
the amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage
of expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                              Amount of the
                              Credit Allocated      % of
                              (Expressed in     Expenditures
     Category                 SDR Equivalent)  to be Financed
     Parts A and B
     of the Project:
(1)  Goods (including           150,000          100%
     vehicles and
     equipment)
(2)  (a) Consultants          1,000,000          100%
     services
     (b) Consultants'         3,200,000          100% of amounts
     services under                              paid by PSF
     the Sub-projects
(3)  Operating costs          1,300,000          100% until
                                                 October 31, 1998
                                                 and 85%
                                                 thereafter
                            Amount of the
                         Credit Allocated           % of
                            (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category             SDR Equivalent)      to be Financed
     Part C
     of the Project:
(4)  Goods (including           50,000           100%
     vehicles and
     equipment)
(5)  Service                   300,000           100%
     contracts
(6)  Consultants'              950,000           100%
     services
(7)  Operating costs            50,000           100% until
                                                 December 31, 1997
                                                 and 85%
                                                 thereafter
(8)  Refunding of              400,000           Amount due
     Project Prepara-                            pursuant to
Page  10
     tion Advance                                Section 2.02 (c)
                                                 of this Agreement
(9)  Unallocated               600,000
     TOTAL                   8,000,000
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   "Operating Costs" means the incremental operating
costs incurred under the Project on account of local staff
salaries for PSF, CRG and LRC and allowances, maintenance of
vehicles and equipment, fuel and office rent, supplies and
services; and
      (b)   "Service Contracts" means the costs incurred on
account of the advertisement and dissemination of information
under Part C.2 of the Project.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above:
      (a)   no withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments
made for expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement; and
      (b)   no withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments
against Categories 1 through 3, unless: (i) PSF has finalized
and furnished to the Association a roster of consultants for
the purpose of Part A of the Project, in accordance with the
provisions of Section II of Schedule 3 to this Agreement; (ii)
PSF has appointed a managing director, a Project chief, a chief
administrator, an accountant and an administrative secretary,
in accordance with the provisions of Section II of Schedule 3
to this Agreement; (iii) PSF has established the Consultative
Committee; and (iv) the agreements between CRG and PSF and LRC
and PSF, referred to in paragraph 2 of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement, have been executed.
4.    It is understood that the disbursement percentages in the
table in paragraph 1 of this Schedule have been calculated on
the basis of provisions in Sections 309 and 1091 respectively
of the Law No. 92 of the Borrower, dated July 9, 1992, (the
Code General des Impots) which exempts goods to be financed
from the proceeds of the Credit from taxes and customs duties
levied by the Borrower. If any change is made to said law which
has the effect of levying taxes or customs duties on such
goods, the percentages referred to above shall be decreased in
accordance with the provisions of Section 5.08 of the General
Conditions.
5.    The Association may require withdrawals from the Credit
Account to be made on the basis of statements of expenditure
for expenditures for goods under contracts not exceeding
$100,000 equivalent, and services from consulting firms under
contracts not exceeding $100,000 equivalent and from individual
consultants under contracts not exceeding $50,000, equivalent
under such terms and conditions as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower.
                                 SCHEDULE 2
                         Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to: (i) increase the
competitiveness and efficiency of private enterprises and
institutions; (ii) deepen the policy reform process by
identifying the constraints to private sector development and
devising appropriate measures to eliminate them; (iii) improve
the legal framework for private sector activities; (iv)
accelerate the divestiture program initiated by the Borrower;
and (v) engender support to reform process through information
and communication.
Page  11
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to
such modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association
may agree upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A: Private Sector Capacity Building
      Strengthening of private sector enterprises and
institutions through the organization of training, seminars and
workshops, and the provision of technical advisory services to
improve management, technical and related matters on a cost-
sharing and demand driven basis between PSF and the Beneficiary
Enterprises.
Part B:  Policy and Legal Reform
1.    Carrying out of a broad range of studies as well as
organization of workshops and seminars to render the policy and
regulatory framework more conducive to competition,
competitiveness, and the development of new and existing
private enterprises.
2.    (a)   Carrying out of studies and review of legislation
governing the creation, registration and functioning of
commercial and business enterprises; and (b) strengthening and
upgrading of the processing and administrative capabilities of
the judicial institutions through the provision of word and
data processing and filing equipment, books and journals, and
organization of training for staff of the said institutions,
and refresher courses to judges.
Part C: Institution Strengthening
1.    Strengthening of the Cellule de Controle to facilitate and
accelerate the Privatization Program of the Borrower through
the provision of equipment, and technical advisory services to
enable the Borrower to enter into sub-contracts with the
private sector, the sale of enterprises owned by the Borrower
and carrying out of technical and financial evaluation of the
said enterprises.
2.    Strengthening of the Borrower's agencies and entities to
prepare and implement an information/education/communication
campaign and dissemination of information regarding the
Borrower's economic policy and private sector development
activities.
                                    * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by October 31,
2000.
                                 SCHEDULE 3
                    Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.    Procurement of Goods
Part A:  General
      Goods shall be procured in accordance with the provisions
of Section I of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in January 1995
(the Guidelines) and the following provisions of this Section,
as applicable.
Part B:  Procurement Procedures
1.    National Competitive Bidding
Page  12
      Goods estimated to cost $30,000 or more per contract may
be procured under contracts awarded in accordance with the
provisions of paragraphs 3.3 and 3.4 of the Guidelines.
2.    National Shopping
      Office equipment, computers, vehicles and other goods
estimated to cost less than $30,000 equivalent per contract and
$100,000 equivalent or less in the aggregate, may be procured
under contracts awarded on the basis of national shopping
procedures in accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 3.5
and 3.6 of the Guidelines.
Part C: Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Procurement Planning
      Prior to the issuance of any invitations to prequalify for
bidding or to bid for contracts, the proposed procurement plan
for the Project shall be furnished to the Bank for its review
and approval, in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 1
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines. Procurement of all goods shall
be undertaken in accordance with such procurement plan as shall
have been approved by the Bank, and with the provisions of said
paragraph 1.
2.    Prior Review
      With respect to each contract for goods estimated to cost
the equivalent of $100,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 3 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
3.    Post Review
      With respect to each contract not governed by paragraph 2
of this Part, the procedures set forth in paragraph 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
1.    Consultants' services shall be procured under contracts
awarded in accordance with the provisions of the "Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the
World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August
1981 (the Consultant Guidelines). For complex, time-based
assignments, such contracts shall be based on the standard form
of contract for consultants' services issued by the Bank, with
such modifications thereto as shall have been agreed by the
Bank. Where no relevant standard contract documents have been
issued by the Bank, other standard forms acceptable to the Bank
shall be used.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this
Section, the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring
prior Bank review or approval of budgets, short lists,
selection procedures, letters of invitation, proposals,
evaluation reports and contracts, shall not apply to (a)
contracts for the employment of consulting firms estimated to
cost less than $100,000 equivalent each or (b) contracts for
the employment of individual consultants estimated to cost less
than $50,000 equivalent each. However, said exceptions to prior
Bank review shall not apply to (a) the terms of reference for
such contracts, (b) single-source selection of consulting
firms, (c) assignments of a critical nature, as reasonably
determined by the Bank, (d) amendments to contracts for the
employment of consulting firms raising the contract value to
$100,000 equivalent or above, or (e) amendments to contracts
for the employment of individual consultants raising the
contract value to $50,000 equivalent or above.
                                 SCHEDULE 4
Page  13
                           Implementation Program
1.    The Borrower and the Association shall, not later than
three months prior to the end of each year, starting from 1996,
undertake, in conjunction with PSF, CRG and LRC, an annual
review to discuss the work program and budget for the
forthcoming year. The review shall use, as working documents,
reports that shall have been prepared by the Borrower, PSF, CRG
and LRC on a semiannual basis and furnished to the Association.
2.     (a) The Borrower and the Association shall, not later
than March 31, 1997 and September 30, 1998, respectively,
undertake, in conjunction with PSF, CRG and LRC, joint reviews
of the Project, during which they shall exchange views
generally on all matters relating to the progress of the
Project and the performance by the Borrower and PSF of their
respective obligations under this Agreement and, in particular:
(i) the progress achieved by the Borrower and PSF,
respectively, during the period reviewed, having regard to the
performance indicators agreed upon between the Borrower and the
Association; (ii) the status of financial and procurement
performance under the Project; (iii) the proposed budget and
work program for the remaining period; (iv) the adequacy of
arrangements for the selection, financing and implementation of
different activities under the Project; (v) the ability of PSF
to raise revenues to finance part of its operating costs; and
(vi) in order to consolidate the achievements of the Project,
details of a proposed plan to ensure the best use of the
resources.
      (b)   Not later than one month prior to each of the joint
reviews referred to above, the Borrower shall furnish to the
Association, for its comments, a report, in such detail as the
Association shall reasonably request, on the progress and
status of the Project, and giving details, in particular, of
the various matters to be discussed at the said review.
      (c)   Following each of the joint reviews, the Borrower
shall act promptly and diligently, in order to take, or assist
PSF, CRG and LRC, in taking, any corrective action deemed
necessary to remedy any short-coming noted in the
implementation of the Project, or to implement, or assist PSF
in implementing, such other measures as may have been agreed
upon between the parties in furtherance of the objectives of
the Project.
3.    Except as the Association shall otherwise agree, the
Borrower shall cause CRG and LRC to enter into agreements with
PSF for the purpose of carrying out procurement, accounting and
auditing by PSF on behalf of CRG and LRC, under Parts B.1 and
B.2 of the Project respectively. The agreements shall include,
inter alia, provisions whereby:
      (i)   procurement of goods and services carried out by PSF
            on behalf of CRG and LRC shall be governed by the
            provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement;
      (ii)  CRG and LRC shall independently implement Part B.1
            and B.2 of the Project respectively in accordance
            with action plans approved  by the Association;
      (iii) CRG and LRC shall agree to assist PSF in
            complying with the audit and accounting covenants in
            respect of their respective parts of the Project;
            and
      (iv)  CRG and LRC shall agree to use the goods and
            services financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
            exclusively for the purposes of the Project.
                                 SCHEDULE 5
Page  14
                              Special Accounts
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means: (i) in the case
of PSF Special Account, Categories 1 through 3 set forth in the
table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and (ii)
in the case of MEFP Special Account, Categories 4 through 7 set
forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement.
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures
in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services
required for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit allocated from time to time to the eligible
Categories in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means: (i) in the
case of PSF Special Account, an amount equivalent to FCFA
300,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a)
of this Schedule, provided, however, that unless the
Association shall otherwise agree, the Authorized Allocation
shall be limited to an amount equivalent to FCFA 200,000,000
until the aggregate amount of withdrawals from the Credit
Account plus the total amount of all outstanding special
commitments entered into by the Association pursuant to Section
5.02 of the General Conditions shall be equal to or exceed the
equivalent of SDR 1,000,000; and (ii) in the case of MEFP
Special Account, an amount equivalent to FCFA 150,000,000 to be
withdrawn from the Credit Account and deposited into the
Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule,
provided, however, that unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, the Authorized Allocation shall be limited to an amount
equivalent to FCFA 100,000,000 until the aggregate amount of
withdrawals from the Credit Account plus the total amount of
all outstanding special commitments entered into by the
Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions
shall be equal to or exceed the equivalent of SDR 300,000.
2.    Payments out of the Special Accounts shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with the
provisions of this Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory
to it that the Special Accounts have been duly opened,
withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and subsequent
withdrawals to replenish the Special accounts shall be made as
follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests
for deposit into each of the Special Accounts of an amount or
amounts which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the
Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or
requests, the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into the Special
Accounts such amount or amounts as the Borrower shall have
requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Accounts, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   requests for deposits into the Special Accounts
                   at such intervals as the Association shall
                   specify.
            (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   the documents and other evidence required
                   pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for
                   the payment or payments in respect of which
Page  15
                   replenishment is requested. On the basis of
                   each such request, the Association shall, on
                   behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
                   Credit Account and deposit into the Special
                   Accounts such amount as the Borrower shall have
                   requested and as shall have been shown by said
                   documents and other evidence to have been paid
                   out of the Special Accounts for eligible
                   expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from
the Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories,
and in the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been
justified by said documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Accounts, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association
shall reasonably request, furnish to the Association such
documents and other evidence showing that such payment was made
exclusively for eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Accounts:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have
determined that all further withdrawals should be made by the
Borrower directly from the Credit Account in accordance with
the provisions of Article V of the General Conditions andparagraph (a) of Section 2.02 
of this Agreement;
      (b)   if the Borrower shall have failed to furnish to the
Association, within the period of time specified in Section
4.01 (b) (ii) of this Agreement, any of the audit reports
required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
Section in respect of the audit of the records and accounts for
the Special Accounts;
      (c)   if, at any time, the Association shall have notified
the Borrower of its intention to suspend in whole or in part
the right of the Borrower to make withdrawals from the Credit
Account pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.02 of the
General Conditions; or
      (d)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, minus the total amount of
all outstanding special commitments entered into by the
Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions
with respect to the Project, shall equal the equivalent of
twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association
shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further
withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent that the
Association shall have been satisfied that all such amounts
remaining on deposit in the Special Accounts as of the date of
such notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Accounts: (i) was made for
an expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to
paragraph 2 of this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the
evidence furnished to the Association, the Borrower shall,
promptly upon notice from the Association: (A) provide such
additional evidence as the Association may request; or (B)
deposit into the Special Accounts (or, if the Association shall
so request, refund to the Association) an amount equal to the
amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so eligible
or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise agree, no
Page  16
further deposit by the Association into the Special Accounts
shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence or
made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Accounts will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures,
the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association,
refund to the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association,
refund to the Association all or any portion of the funds on
deposit in the Special Accounts.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraph
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the
Credit Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in
accordance with the relevant provisions of this Agreement,
including the General Conditions.
