Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2166 MAU
                                                 (Third Amendment)
                     THIRD AGREEMENT AMENDING
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
           (Public Enterprise Sector Adjustment Credit)
                              between
                  ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF MAURITANIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                      Dated January 25, 1993
\0c                                           CREDIT NUMBER 2166 MAU
                                                 (Third Amendment)
                     THIRD AGREEMENT AMENDING
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated January 25, 1993, between ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF
MAURITANIA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower and the Association have entered
into a Development Credit Agreement (Public Enterprise Sector
Adjustment Credit), dated July 18, 1990, (the Development Credit
Agreement) for the purpose of assisting in the financing of the
program referred to in Recital (A) of the Preamble to the Develop-
ment Credit Agreement (the Program);
      (B)   the Borrower and the Association have entered into a
further agreement, dated November 20, 1990 (the First Amending
Agreement), whereby the Association has agreed to increase the
financing made available under the Development Credit Agreement by
an amount in various currencies equivalent to two million nine
hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 2,900,000);
      (C)   the Borrower and the Association have entered into a
further agreement, dated November 18, 1992 (the Second Amending
Agreement), whereby the Association has agreed to increase the
Page  2
financing made available under the Development Credit Agreement by
an amount in various currencies equivalent to one million nine
hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 1,900,000);
      (D)   the Borrower has requested the Association to provide
further additional assistance towards the financing of the Program
by increasing the amount made available under the Development Credit
Agreement, the First Amending Agreement and the Second Amending
Agreement by an amount in various currencies equivalent to one
million six hundred twenty thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 1,620,000); and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to provide such additional assistance to the
Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
\0c                            ARTICLE I
                   Amendments to the Development
                         Credit Agreement
      Section 1.01. Section 1.02 of the Development Credit Agreement
is amended by deleting the "and" at the end of Subsection (n) and
Subsection (o) thereof and substituting therefor the following
Subsections (o) and (p):
            "(o) 'Second Amending Agreement' means the Second
      Agreement Amending the Development Credit Agreement (Public
      Enterprise Sector Adjustment Credit) between the Borrower and
      the Association, dated November 18, 1992; and
            (p) 'Third Amending Agreement' means the Third Agreement
      Amending the Development Credit Agreement (Public Enterprise
      Sector Adjustment Credit) between the Borrower and the
      Association, dated January 25, 1993."
      Section 1.02. Section 2.01 of the Development Credit Agreement
is amended to read as follows:
            "Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
      Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
      in the Development Credit Agreement: (i) an amount in various
      currencies equivalent to thirty million seven hundred thousand
      Special Drawing Rights (SDR 30,700,000); (ii) an additional
      amount in various currencies equivalent to two million nine
      hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 2,900,000) (the
      First Additional Financing); (iii) a further additional amount
      in various currencies equivalent to one million nine hundred
      thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 1,900,000) (the Second
      Additional Financing); and (iv) a further additional amount in
      various currencies equivalent to one million six hundred
      twenty thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 1,620,000) (the
      Third Additional Financing)."
      Section 1.03. The proviso at the end of Section 2.04 (a) of
the Development Credit Agreement is amended to read as follows:
            "; provided, however, that commitment charges on the
      First Additional Financing shall accrue from a date sixty days
      after the date of the First Amending Agreement; commitment
      charges on the Second Additional Financing shall accrue from
      a date sixty days after the date of the Second Amending
      Agreement; and commitment charges on the Third Additional
      Financing shall accrue from a date sixty days after the date
      of the Third Amending Agreement."
      Section 1.04. Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement
is amended by adding a new paragraph 7 as follows:
            "7.  After a date twelve months from the date of the
      Third Amending Agreement, no commitment shall be entered into
Page  3
      to pay amounts to the Borrower or others in respect of
      expenditures to be financed out of the proceeds of the Third
      Additional Financing. At any time after such date, the
      Association may, by notice to the Borrower, cancel the amount
      of the Third Additional Financing unwithdrawn from the Credit
      Account or any part thereof."
                            ARTICLE II
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 2.01. This Third Amending Agreement shall not become
effective until evidence satisfactory to the Association shall have
been furnished to the Association that the execution and delivery of
this Third Amending Agreement on behalf of the Borrower have been
duly authorized or ratified by all necessary governmental action.
      Section 2.02. As part of the evidence to be furnished pursuant
to Section 2.01 of this Third Amending Agreement, there shall be
furnished to the Association an opinion or opinions satisfactory to
the Association of counsel acceptable to the Association showing, on
behalf of the Borrower, that this Third Amending Agreement has been
duly authorized or ratified by, and executed and delivered on behalf
of, the Borrower and is legally binding upon the Borrower in
accordance with its terms.
      Section 2.03. This Third Amending Agreement shall come into
force and effect on the date upon which the Association dispatches
to the Borrower notice of its acceptance of the evidence required by
Section 2.01 of this Third Amending Agreement.
      Section 2.04. If this Third Amending Agreement shall not have
come into force and effect by a date ninety (90) days after the date
of this Third Amending Agreement, this Third Amending Agreement and
all obligations of the parties hereunder shall terminate, unless the
Association establishes a later date for the purposes of this
Section. If this Third Amending Agreement shall terminate under the
provisions of this Section, the Development Credit Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect, as if this Third Amending
Agreement had not been executed.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Third Amending
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the District of
Columbia, United States of America, as of the date and year first
above written.
                  ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF MAURITANIA
                  By /s/ Mohamed Fall Ainina
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Katherine Marshall
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
Page  4
