Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2166 MAU
           (Public Enterprise Sector Adjustment Credit)
                              between
                  ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF MAURITANIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        Dated July 18, 1990
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2166 MAU
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 18 , 1990, between ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF
MAURITANIA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Association has received a letter dated
May 25, 1990, from the Borrower describing a program of actions,
objectives and policies designed to achieve adjustment of the
Borrower's public enterprise sector (hereinafter called the
Program), declaring the Borrower's commitment to the execution of
the Program, and requesting assistance from the Association in the
financing of urgently needed imports required during such execution;
      (B)   the Borrower intends to contract from Japan a loan (the
Japanese Loan) in an amount equivalent to fifty million dollars
($50,000,000) to assist in financing part of the imports required
during the execution of the Program on the terms and conditions set
forth in an agreement (the Japanese Loan Agreement) to be entered
into between the Borrower and Japan;
Page  2
      (C)   the Borrower intends to contract from Kreditanstalt fcr
Wiederaufbau of the Federal Republic of Germany (KfW) a loan (the
KfW Loan) in an amount equivalent to six million Deutsch marks
(DM6,000,000) to assist in financing part of the imports required
during the execution of the Program on the terms and conditions set
forth in an agreement (the KfW Loan Agreement) to be entered into
between the Borrower and KfW;
      (D)   the Borrower intends to contract from the Kingdom of
Spain (Spain) a loan (the Spanish Loan) in an amount equivalent to
five million dollars ($5,000,000) to assist in financing part of the
imports required during the execution of the Program on the terms
and conditions set forth in an agreement (the Spanish Loan Agree-
ment) to be entered into between the Borrower and Spain; and
      (E)   on the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing, the
Association has decided in support of the Program to provide such
assistance to the Borrower by making the Credit in three tranches as
hereinafter provided;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the modifications thereof set forth below (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)   Section 2.01, paragraph 9, shall be modified to read:
            "'Project' means the imports and other activities that
      may be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit pursuant to
      the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit
      Agreement.";
      (b)   Section 9.06 (c) shall be modified to read:
                  "(c) Not later than six months after the Closing
            Date or such later date as may be agreed for this
            purpose between the Borrower and the Association, the
            Borrower shall prepare and furnish to the Association a
            report, of such scope and in such detail as the Associa-
            tion shall reasonably request, on the execution of the
            Program referred to in the Preamble to the Development
            Credit Agreement, the performance by the Borrower and
            the Association of their  respective obligations under
            the Development Credit Agreement and the accomplishment
            of the purposes of the Credit."; and
      (c)   the last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "BCM" means Banque Centrale de Mauritanie;
      (b)   "OPT" means Office des Postes et des Telecommunications;
      (c)   "PANPA" means Port Autonome de Nouakchott dit Port de
l'Amitie;
      (d)  "SEM" or "societe d'economie mixte" has the same meaning
as in Ordonnance No.09/90 relating to public enterprises, adopted by
the Comite Militaire de Salut National of Mauritania on April 4,
1990;
      (e)   "SITC" means the Standard International Trade Clas-
Page  3
sification, Revision 3 (SITC, Rev.3), published by the United
Nations in Statistical Papers, Series M, No. 343 (1986);
      (f)   "SMCP" means Societe Mauritanienne de Commercialisation
du Poisson;
      (g)   "SMCPP" means Societe Mauritanienne de Commercialisation
des Produits Petroliers;
      (h)   "SNIM" means Societe Nationale Industrielle et Minicre;
      (i)   "SNIM Subsidiary Agreement" means the agreement to be
entered into between the Borrower and SNIM pursuant to Section 3.03
of this Agreement, as same may be amended from time to time, and
such term includes all schedules to the SNIM Subsidiary Agreement;
      (j)   "SOMIR" means Societe Mauritanienne des Industries de
Raffinage;
      (k)   "SONELEC" means Societe Nationale d'Eau et
d'Electricite;
      (l)   "SONIMEX" means Societe Nationale d'Import-Export; and
      (m)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to thirty million seven hundred thousand Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 30,700,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in BCM on
terms and conditions satisfactory to the Association. Deposits into,
and payments out of, the Special Account shall be made in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1992
or such later date as the Association shall establish. The Associa-
tion shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restric-
tions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower;
and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for the
purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other
Page  4
eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment and service charges shall be payable
semiannually on June 1 and December 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each June 1 and December 1 commencing
December 1, 2000 and ending June 1, 2030. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on June 1, 2010 shall be one
percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each installment
thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due considera-
tion by them of the development of the Borrower's economy, modify
the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the Credit
shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 2.09. (a) BCM is designated as representative of the
Borrower for the purposes of taking any action required or permitted
to be taken under the provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement
and Article V of the General Conditions.
      (b)   Without limitation or restriction to the foregoing, the
Borrower hereby entrusts BCM with responsibility for the preparation
of withdrawal applications under the Credit and for the collection
of the documents and other evidence to be furnished to the Associa-
tion in support of such applications; such withdrawal applications
shall to the extent practicable be consolidated so as to apply for
withdrawal of aggregate amounts of not less than $1,000,000
equivalent.
                            ARTICLE III
                       Particular Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower and the Association shall from
time to time, at the request of either party, exchange views on the
progress achieved in carrying out the Program and the actions
specified in Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
Page  5
      (b)   Prior to each such exchange of views, the Borrower shall
furnish to the Association for its review and comment a report on
the progress achieved in carrying out the Program, in such detail as
the Association shall reasonably request.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 2 to this
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. (a) The Borrower shall conclude a subsidiary
agreement with SNIM, whereby it shall undertake to pass on, as an
additional equity contribution to the share capital of SNIM, an
aggregate amount of $55,000,000 equivalent, corresponding to a part
of the local counterpart funds generated by the sale of the foreign
exchange made available to the Borrower under the Program.
      (b)   The subsidiary agreement under paragraph (a) above shall
be on such terms and conditions as shall be acceptable to the
Association, including:
            (i)   an action plan acceptable to the Borrower and the
                  Association, giving details  of the major actions
                  that SNIM will be required to undertake in order
                  to strengthen the management of the Guelbs' plant
                  and improve its plant availability;
           (ii)   details of the proposed financial restructuring
                  and operational plan of SNIM; and
          (iii)   provisions for a reporting system that will
                  enable the Borrower and the Association to moni-
                  tor progress in the implementation of the action
                  plan under sub-paragraph (i) above, and the
                  financial restructuring and operational plan
                  under sub-paragraph (ii) above.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
SNIM Subsidiary Agreement in such manner as to protect the interests
of the Borrower and the Association and to accomplish the purposes
of the Credit and, except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
the Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive the SNIM
Subsidiary Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 3.05. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with consistently maintained sound accounting practices the
expenditures financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those for
                  the Special Account for each fiscal year audited,
                  in accordance with appropriate auditing princi-
                  ples consistently applied, by independent audi-
                  tors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year, a certified copy of
                  the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts and the
                  audit thereof as the Association shall from time
                  to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
Page  6
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the Associ-
                  ation has received the audit report for the
                  fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from the
                  Credit Account was made, all records (contracts,
                  orders, invoices, bills, receipts and other
                  documents) evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are includ-
                  ed in the annual audits referred to in para-
                  graph (b) of this Section and that the report of
                  such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of expendi-
                  ture submitted during such fiscal year, together
                  with the procedures and internal controls in-
                  volved in their preparation, can be relied upon
                  to support the related withdrawals.
                            ARTICLE IV
                  Additional Events of Suspension
      Section 4.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   a situation has arisen which shall make it improbable
that the Program, or a significant part thereof, will be carried
out;
      (b)   the Borrower or SNIM shall have failed to perform any of
its obligations under the SNIM Subsidiary Agreement; and
      (c)   (i)   subject to sub-paragraph (ii) of this paragraph:
                  (A)   the right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                        proceeds of any grant or loan made to the
                        Borrower for the financing of the imports
                        required for the execution of the Program
                        shall have been suspended, cancelled or
                        terminated in whole or in part, pursuant to
                        the terms of the agreement providing there-
                        for; or
                  (B)   any such loan shall have become due and
                        payable prior to the agreed maturity there-
                        of;
           (ii)   sub-paragraph (i) of this paragraph shall not
                  apply if the Borrower establishes to the satis-
                  faction of the Association that:
                  (A)   such suspension, cancellation, termination
                        or prematuring is not caused by the failure
                        of the Borrower to perform any of its
                        obligations under such agreement; and
                  (B)   adequate funds are available to the Borrow-
                        er from other sources on terms and condi-
                        tions consistent with the obligations of
                        the Borrower under this Agreement.
      Section 4.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
Page  7
      (a)   an event specified in paragraph (b) of Section 4.01 of
this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of sixty
(60) days after notice thereof shall have been given by the
Association to the Borrower; and
      (b)   an event specified in paragraph (c) (i) (B) of Section
4.01 of this Agreement shall occur, subject to the proviso of
paragraph (c) (ii) of that Section.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 5.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   The Association is satisfied with the progress achieved
by the Borrower in carrying out the Program and that the macro-
economic policy framework of the Borrower is consistent with the
objectives of the Program.
      (b)   The SNIM Subsidiary Agreement has been duly concluded
between the Borrower, on the one hand, and SNIM, on the other.
      Section 5.02. The following is specified as an additional
matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association, namely, that the SNIM Subsidiary
Agreement has been duly signed and ratified on behalf of the
Borrower and SNIM, respectively, and is legally binding upon the
parties thereto in accordance with its terms.
      Section 5.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 6.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 (a) of this
Agreement, the Minister of Planning and Employment of the Borrower
is designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Planning and Employment
            B.P. 238
            Nouakchott
            Islamic Republic of Mauritania
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  MPDI  Nouakchott         540 MTN
      For the Association:
            International Development
             Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
Page  8
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF MAURITANIA
                  By /s/ Abdellahi Ould Daddah
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    Subject to the provisions set forth or referred to in this
Schedule, the proceeds of the Credit may be withdrawn from the
Credit Account for expenditures made (or, if the Association shall
so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
required during the execution of the Program and to be financed out
of such proceeds.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   expenditures for goods included in the following SITC
groups or subgroups, or any successor groups or subgroups under
future revisions to the SITC, as designated by the Association by
notice to the Borrower:
      Group       Subgroup          Description of Items
      112           --              Alcoholic beverages
      121           --              Tobacco, unmanufactured, tobac-
                                    co refuse
      122           --              Tobacco, manufactured (whether
                                    or not containing tobacco sub-
                                    stitutes)
      525           --              Radioactive and associated ma-
                                    terials
      667           --              Pearls, precious and semipre-
                                    cious stones, unworked or
                                    worked
      718         718.1             Nuclear reactors, and parts
                                    thereof, fuel elements (cartri-
                                    dges), nonirradiated for nucle-
                                    ar reactors
      Group       Subgroup          Description of Items
Page  9
      897         897.3             Jewelry of gold, silver or pla-
                                    tinum group metals (except wat-
                                    ches and watch cases) and gold-
                                    smiths' or silversmiths' wares
                                    (including set gems)
      971           --              Gold, nonmonetary (excluding
                                    gold ores and concentrates)
      (b)   expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for
goods supplied from the territory of the Borrower;
      (c)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement, except that withdrawals in an aggregate amount not
exceeding the equivalent of SDR 6,000,000 may be made on account of
payments made for such expenditures before that date but after
March 1, 1990;
      (d)   expenditures for goods procured under contracts costing
less than $5,000 equivalent;
      (e)   expenditures for goods supplied under a contract which
any national or international financing institution or agency other
than the Association shall have financed or agreed to finance;
      (f)   expenditures for goods intended for a military or
paramilitary purpose or for luxury consumption; and
      (g)   expenditures in excess of an aggregate amount equivalent
to SDR 15,330,000 for petroleum products and foodstuffs.
3.    Withdrawals for expenditures under contracts for the procure-
ment of goods estimated to cost less than $1,000,000 may be
permitted by the Association upon the basis of statements of
expenditure under such terms and conditions as the Association shall
specify.
4.    No withdrawal shall be made and no commitment shall be entered
into to pay amounts to or on the order of the Borrower in respect of
expenditures to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit:
      (a)   after the aggregate of the proceeds of the Credit
withdrawn from the Credit Account and the total amount of such
commitments shall have reached the equivalent of SDR 13,800,000,
unless the Association shall be satisfied, after an exchange of
views as described in Section 3.01 of this Agreement based on
evidence satisfactory to the Association: (a) with the progress
achieved by the Borrower in the carrying out of the Program; (b)
that the macro-economic policy of the Borrower is consistent with
the objectives of the Program; and (c) that the actions described in
Part A of Schedule 3 to this Agreement have been taken; and
      (b)   after the aggregate of the proceeds of the Credit
withdrawn from the Credit Account and the total amount of such
commitments shall have reached the equivalent of SDR 23,000,000,
unless the Association shall be satisfied, after an exchange of
views as described in Section 3.01 of this Agreement based on
evidence satisfactory to the Association: (a) with the progress
achieved by the Borrower in the carrying out of the Program; (b)
that the macro-economic policy of the Borrower is consistent with
the objectives of the Program; and (c) that the actions described in
Part B of Schedule 3 to this Agreement have been taken.
5.    If, after an exchange of views described in paragraph 4 above,
the Association shall have given notice to the Borrower that the
macro-economic framework of the Borrower is not consistent with the
objectives of the Program or the progress achieved and actions taken
are not satisfactory and, within 90 days after such notice, the
Borrower shall not have achieved progress and taken actions
satisfactory to the Association, then the Association may, by notice
to the Borrower, cancel the unwithdrawn amount of the Credit or any
part thereof.
Page  10
                            SCHEDULE 2
                            Procurement
1.    Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of $2,000,000 or more each shall be awarded through
international competitive bidding in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines), subject to the
following modifications:
      (a)   Paragraph 2.8 of the Guidelines is deleted and the
following is substituted therefor:
      "2.8 Notification and Advertising
            The international community should be notified in a
      timely manner of the opportunity to bid. This will be done by
      advertising invitations to apply for inclusion in a bidder's
      invitation list, to apply for prequalification, or to bid;
      such advertisements should be placed in at least one newspaper
      of general circulation in the Borrower's country and, in
      addition, in at least one of the following forms:
            (i)   a notice in the United Nations publication,
                  Development Forum, Business Edition; or
           (ii)   an advertisement in a newspaper, periodical or
                  technical journal of wide international circula-
                  tion; or
          (iii)   a notice to local representatives of countries
                  and territories referred to in the Guidelines,
                  that are potential suppliers of the goods re-
                  quired."
      (b)   The following is added at the end of paragraph 2.21 of
the Guidelines:
            "As a further alternative, bidding documents may require
      the bidder to state the bid price in a single currency widely
      used in international trade and specified in the bidding
      documents."
      (c)   Paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines are deleted.
2.    Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of less than $2,000,000 shall be awarded:
      (a)   by purchasers required to follow the Borrower's public
procurement procedures for the importation of goods, on the basis of
such procedures, provided that such procedures shall have been found
acceptable by the Association;
      (b)   by other purchasers, in accordance with established
commercial practice, provided that such contracts shall be awarded
on the basis of evaluation and comparison of quotations obtained
from suppliers from at least two countries, except that direct
contracting procedures acceptable to the Association may be used
where considered appropriate under paragraph 3.5 of the Guidelines;
and
      (c)   by any purchasers, for the supply of commodities, on the
basis of evaluation and comparison of quotations obtained from more
than one supplier.
3.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraph 1 of
this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association, prior
to the submission to the Association of the first application for
withdrawal of funds from the Loan Account in respect of such
Page  11
contract, two conformed copies of such contract, together with the
analysis of the respective bids and recommendations for award, a
description of the advertising and tendering procedures followed and
such other information as the Association shall reasonably request.
Where payments under a contract are to be made out of the proceeds
of the Special Account, such copies together with the other
information required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to
this paragraph shall be furnished to the Association as part of the
evidence required under paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
4.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraph 2 of
this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association, prior
to the submission to the Association of the first application for
withdrawal of funds from the Loan Account in respect thereof, such
documentation and information as the Association may reasonably
request to support withdrawal applications in respect of such
contract. Where payments under a contract are to be made out of the
proceeds of the Special Account, the documentation and the informa-
tion to be furnished to the Association pursuant to the provisions
of this paragraph shall be furnished to the Association as part of
the evidence required under paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement.
5.    The provisions of the preceding paragraph 4 of this Schedule
shall not apply to contracts on account of which the Association has
authorized withdrawals from the Credit Account on the basis of
statements of expenditure.
6.    The Borrower shall retain the services of a suitably qualified
and experienced pre-shipment inspection agency which will be
required, prior to each shipment, to verify:
      (a)   in the case of goods imported under contracts to which
paragraph 1 of this Schedule applies, the quality and quantity of
such goods; and
      (b)   in the case of all other goods imported under the
Project, the quality, quantity and price of such goods.
                            SCHEDULE 3
                      Actions Referred to in
                 Paragraphs 4(a)(ii) and 4(b)(ii)
                  of Schedule 1 to this Agreement
A.    Conditions of Release of Second Tranche
1.    The Borrower has (a) made adequate allocations in the 1991
budget for payment of the services of SONELEC, SMCPP and OPT, and
for the surveillance of fishing waters off the coast of Mauritania,
and (b) taken all other measures necessary to avoid the recurrence
of new arrears, including the prompt payment of all amounts due to
SONELEC, SMCPP and OPT during the preceding twelve (12) months'
period.
2.    The Borrower has reduced by at least fifty percent (50%) the
level of arrears due to public enterprises as of the date of this
Agreement, net of arrears due by the enterprises themselves, which
the Borrower is entitled to off-set.
3.    The Borrower has achieved satisfactory progress in the
implementation of the restructuring and action plans for SONELEC,
OPT, Air Mauritanie, SMCP and PANPA.
4.    The Borrower has concluded performance contracts with Air
Mauritanie and PANPA.
5.    The Borrower has (a) achieved satisfactory progress in the
implementation of the financial restructuring and operational plan
of SNIM; and (b) agreed with the Association on a satisfactory
financing plan and project management arrangements for the develop-
ment of the new iron ore deposit at M'haoudat.
Page  12
6.    The Borrower has conducted a review, satisfactory to the
Association, of all of its SEMs and has taken necessary steps to
phase out of its portfolio not less than half of those whose
financial performance has been found to be unsatisfactory.
7.    The number of staff employed in public enterprises as of
January 1, 1990 has been reduced by not less than 800 altogether.
8.    The Borrower has, not later than September 30, 1990, abolished
the monopoly of SONIMEX on the importation and distribution of rice.
9.    The Borrower has taken necessary steps to have a study
conducted on the future of SOMIR.
10.   The new accounting system and budgetary procedures introduced
by the Borrower, to monitor the financial performance of the public
enterprise sector, have been extended to all enterprises in the
sector.
11.   The Borrower has made satisfactory progress in the provision
of severance pay and other forms of assistance in favor of employees
who are declared redundant as a result of the Program.
B.    Conditions of Release of Third Tranche
1.    The Borrower has (a) made adequate allocations in the 1992
budget for payment of the services of SONELEC, SMCPP and OPT, and
for the surveillance of fishing waters off the coast of Mauritania;
and (b) taken all other measures necessary to avoid the recurrence
of new arrears, including the prompt payment of all amounts due to
SONELEC, SMCPP and OPT during the preceding twelve (12) months'
period.
2.    The Borrower has completed the full settlement of all
remaining arrears due to public enterprises as of the date of this
Agreement, net of arrears due by the enterprises themselves, which
the Borrower is entitled to off-set.
3.    The Borrower has maintained satisfactory progress in the
implementation of the restructuring and action plans for SONELEC,
OPT, Air Mauritanie, SMCP and PANPA.
4.    The Borrower has concluded a performance contract with OPT.
5.    The Borrower has maintained satisfactory progress in the
implementation of the financial restructuring and operational plan
of SNIM.
6.    The Borrower has taken all necessary steps to phase out of its
portfolio all those of its SEMs whose financial performance has been
found to be unsatisfactory.
7.    The Borrower has abolished the monopoly of SONIMEX on all its
products.
8.    The Borrower has continued to make satisfactory progress in
the provision of severance pay and other forms of assistance in
favor of employees who are declared redundant as a result of the
Program.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods required during the
execution of the Program and to be financed out of the proceeds of
the Credit in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement; and
Page  13
      (b)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $6,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited in the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association re-
                  quests for deposits into the Special Account at
                  such intervals as the Association shall specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                  by said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit, less
the amount of any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with
respect to the Program, shall equal the equivalent of twice the
amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit follow such procedures as the
Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further
Page  14
withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent that the
Association shall have been satisfied that all such amounts
remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date of such
notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible expendi-
tures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs 6
(a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
