Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                     LOAN NUMBER 3965 PAK
                            Project Agreement
                    (Ghazi-Barotha Hydropower Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                              AND DEVELOPMENT
                                    and
             WATER AND POWER DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY OF PAKISTAN
                           Dated March 7, 1996
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3965 PAK
                            PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated March 7, 1996, between INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and WATER AND
POWER DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY OF PAKISTAN (WAPDA).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Islamic Republic of Pakistan (the Borrower) and the
Bank, the Bank has agreed to make available to the Borrower an
amount in various currencies equivalent to three hundred fifty
million dollars ($350,000,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that WAPDA
agree to undertake such obligations toward the Bank as are set
forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and WAPDA (the Subsidiary Loan Agreement),
the proceeds of the loan provided for under the Loan Agreement
will be made available to WAPDA on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS WAPDA, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to
undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                                 ARTICLE I
                                Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the Preamble to
this Agreement and the General Conditions (as so defined) have
the respective meanings therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01.  (a)  WAPDA declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Loan Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial, environmental,
ecological, resettlement, engineering and power utility
practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly
as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources
required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph
(a) of this Section and except as the Bank and WAPDA shall
otherwise agree, WAPDA shall carry out the Project in accor-
dance with the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 2
to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02.  Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services
required for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Loan shall be governed by the provisions of  Schedule 1
to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03.  WAPDA shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project
Agreement and  the Project.
      Section 2.04.  WAPDA shall duly perform all its
obligations under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the
Bank shall otherwise agree, WAPDA shall not take or concur in
any action which would have the effect of amending, abrogating,
assigning or waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any
provision thereof.
      Section 2.05.  (a)  WAPDA shall, at the request of the
Bank, exchange views with the Bank with regard to progress of
the Project, the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other
matters relating to the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   WAPDA shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of
the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of Loan, or the
performance by WAPDA of its obligations under this Agreement
and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                              ARTICLE III
                    Management and Operations of WAPDA
      Section 3.01.  WAPDA shall carry on its operations and
conduct its affairs in accordance with sound administrative,
financial and power utility practices under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent
staff in adequate numbers.
Page  3
      Section 3.02.  WAPDA shall at all times operate and
maintain its plant, machinery, equipment and other property,
and from time to time, promptly as needed, make all necessary
repairs and renewals thereof, all in accordance with sound
engineering, financial and power utility practices.
      Section 3.03.  WAPDA shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to
the Bank for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts
as shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
      Section 3.04.  Except in the ordinary course of its
business, WAPDA shall not, without the prior consent of the
Bank, sell, lease, transfer, distribute or otherwise dispose of
any of its property or assets which shall be required for the
efficient conduct of its power operations.
                             ARTICLE IV
                     Financial and Other Covenants
      Section 4.01.  (a)  WAPDA shall maintain records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   WAPDA shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of
                  income and expenses and related statements) for
                  each fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Bank;
            (ii)  furnish to the Bank as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year: (A) certified copies
                  of its financial statements for such year as so
                  audited; and (B) the report of such audit by
                  said auditors of such scope and in such detail
                  as the Bank shall have reasonably requested;
                  and
           (iii)  furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on the basis of
statements of expenditure, WAPDA shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                  accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                  records and accounts reflecting such
                  expenditures;
            (ii)  retain, until at least one year after the
                  Bank has received the audit report for the
                  fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from
                  the Loan Account was made, all records
                  (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts
                  and other documents) evidencing such
                  expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Bank's representatives to examine
                  such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
Page  4
                  report of such audit contains a separate
                  opinion by said auditors as to whether the
                  statements of expenditure submitted during such
                  fiscal year, together with the procedures and
                  internal controls involved in their
                  preparation, can be relied upon to support the
                  related withdrawals.
      Section 4.02.  (a)  Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, WAPDA shall produce, for each of its fiscal years, funds
from internal sources related to electricity operations
equivalent to not less than 40% of the annual average of
WAPDA's capital expenditures incurred, or expected to be
incurred, for that fiscal year, the previous fiscal year and
the next following fiscal year.
      (b)   Before April 15 in each of its fiscal years, WAPDA
shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by WAPDA and
satisfactory to the Bank, review whether it would meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) of this Section and
shall furnish to the Bank the results of such review upon its
completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that WAPDA would not meet
the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) of this Section for
WAPDA's fiscal years covered by such review, WAPDA shall
promptly take all necessary measures (including, without
limitation, adjustments of the structure and levels of its
electricity tariff) in order to meet such requirements.
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "funds from internal sources related
                  to electricity operations" means the difference
                  between:
                  (A)   the sum of gross revenues from all sources
                        related to electricity operations,
                        consumer deposits, cash contributions from
                        consumers in aid of construction, and net
                        non-operating income and any reduction in
                        working capital other than cash; and
                  (B)   the sum of all expenses related to
                        electricity operations of operation,
                        maintenance and administration (excluding
                        depreciation and other non-cash operating
                        charges), interest and other charges on
                        debt (including interest and other charges
                        on debt charged to construction
                        irrespective of whether they constitute
                        cash or non-cash expenses) repayment of
                        loans (including sinking fund payments, if
                        any), all taxes or payments in lieu of
                        taxes, all cash dividends and other cash
                        distribution of surplus, increase in
                        working capital other than cash and any
                        other cash outflows other than capital
                        expenditures for electricity operations.
                  (ii)  The term "net non-operating income" means
                        the difference between:
                        (A)   revenues from all sources other than
                              those related to operations; and
                        (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments
                              in lieu of taxes, incurred in the
                              generation of revenues in (A) above.
                 (iii)  The term "capital expenditures" shall
                        include all investments related to WAPDA's
Page  5
                        electricity operations. Interest and other
                        charges charged to construction shall be
                        excluded.
                  (iv)  The term "working capital other than cash"
                         means the difference between current assets
                         excluding cash and current liabilities at the
                         end of each fiscal year.
                  (v)   The term "current assets excluding cash"
                        means all assets other than cash which could
                        in the ordinary course of business be converted
                        into cash within twelve months, including
                        accounts receivable, marketable securities,
                        inventories and prepaid expenses properly
                        chargeable to operating expenses within the
                        next fiscal year.
                  (vi)  The term "current liabilities" means all
                        liabilities which will become due and payable
                        or could under circumstances then existing be
                        called for payment within twelve months,
                        including accounts payable, customer advances,
                        debt service requirements, taxes and payments
                        in lieu of taxes, and dividends.
      Section 4.03.  (a)  Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, WAPDA shall not incur any debt unless a reasonable
forecast of the revenues and expenditures of WAPDA shows that
the estimated net revenues of WAPDA for each fiscal year during
the term of the debt to be incurred shall be at least 1.5 times the
estimated debt service requirements of WAPDA in such year on
all debt of WAPDA, including the debt to be incurred.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "debt" means any indebtedness of WAPDA
                  maturing by its terms more than one year after
                  the date on which it is originally incurred.
            (ii)  Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A)
                  under a loan contract or agreement or other
                  instrument providing for such debt or for the
                  modification of its terms of payment on the
                  date of such contract, agreement or instrument;
                  and (B) under a guarantee agreement, on the
                  date the agreement providing for such guarantee
                  has been entered into.
           (iii)  The term "net revenues" means the
                  difference between:
                  (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources
                        related to operations and net non-
                        operating income; and
                  (B)   the sum of all expenses related to
                        operations, including administration,
                        adequate maintenance, taxes and payments
                        in lieu of taxes, but excluding provision
                        for depreciation, other non-cash operating
                        charges and interest and other charges on
                        debt.
            (iv)  The term "net non-operating income" means the
                  difference between:
                  (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                        related to operations; and
                  (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                        lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
Page  6
                        of revenues in (A) above.
            (v)   The term "debt service requirements" means the
                  aggregate amount of repayments (including
                  sinking fund payments, if any) of, and interest
                  and other charges on, debt.
            (vi)  The term "reasonable forecast" means a
                  forecast prepared by WAPDA not earlier than
                  twelve months prior to the incurrence of the
                  debt in question, which the Bank and WAPDA
                  accept as reasonable and as to which the Bank
                  has notified WAPDA of its acceptability,
                  provided that no event has occurred since such
                  notification which has, or may reasonably be
                  expected in the future to have, a material
                  adverse effect on the financial condition or
                  future operating results of WAPDA.
           (vii)  Whenever for the purposes of this Section,
                  it shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                  currency of WAPDA, debt payable in another
                  currency, such valuation shall be made on the
                  basis of the prevailing lawful rate of exchange
                  at which such other currency is, at the time of
                  such valuation, obtainable for the purposes of
                  servicing such debt, or, in the absence of such
                  rates on the basis of a rate of exchange
                  acceptable to the Bank.
      Section 4.04.  (a)  WAPDA shall, in making future
adjustments to the structure and levels of its electricity
tariff to comply with its obligations under Sections 4.02 and
4.03 of this Agreement, ensure that any such adjustments made
by it are higher, in percentage terms, in the case of those
consumer categories for whom the average electricity tariff
rates are below the overall average electricity tariff rates
than in the case of those consumer categories for whom the
average electricity tariff rates are above the overall average
electricity tariff rates.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "the average electricity tariff
                  rates", with reference to a given consumer
                  category,  means the estimated total revenues
                  from electricity sales to such  consumer
                  category, divided by the estimated total
                  consumption of electricity by such consumer
                  category.
            (ii)  The term "the overall average electricity
                  tariff rates" means the estimated total
                  revenues from electricity sales to all of
                  WAPDA's consumers, divided by the estimated
                  total consumption of electricity by all such
                  consumers.
           (iii)  The term "total revenues" means revenues
                  from base electricity tariff, hydel or any
                  other charge or surcharge, additional surcharge
                  and fuel adjustment surcharge, but excludes
                  other operating revenues.
            (iv)  The term "base electricity tariff" means
                  WAPDA's fixed charges and energy charges for
                  electricity sales to consumers.
            (v)   The terms "hydel or any other charge or
                  surcharge" and "additional surcharge" mean
                  WAPDA's charges for electricity sales to
                  consumers in addition to the base electricity
Page  7
                  tariff, but excluding late payment surcharges
                  and the fuel adjustment surcharge.
            (vi)  The term "fuel adjustment surcharge" means
                  WAPDA's charge for electricity sales to
                  consumers in addition to the base electricity
                  tariff and all other surcharges, to recover
                  WAPDA's fuel costs.
           (vii)  The term "other operating revenues" means
                  revenues from transfer or replacement of
                  meters, application fees, reconnection of
                  services and late payment surcharges.
      Section 4.05.  WAPDA shall, with respect to the profits
payable to the Provinces on the bulk generation of
hydroelectric power:
      (a)   from time to time, adjust its electricity tariff to
ensure full recovery of such profits; and
      (b)   pay out as such profits only those amounts as shall
have been collected  for payment of such profits.
      Section 4.06. WAPDA shall:
      (a)   not later than September 30 in each year, carry out
a comprehensive aging analysis of its accounts receivable; and
      (b)   thereafter but not later than December 31 in each
year, adjust the accounts receivable on its balance sheet to
reflect only those receivables which are overdue for less than
three years and which are determined by such analysis to be
collectible.
      Section 4.07.  WAPDA shall, to the satisfaction of the
Bank and not later than December 31, 1998, establish a
subsidiary corporate entity to assume responsibility for
transmission and dispatch of power.
      Section 4.08.  WAPDA shall, with respect to the Borrower's
ongoing domestic resource mobilization (DRM) study insofar as
it relates to WAPDA: a) review the recommendations of the study
with the Bank by June 30, 1996; and (b) implement such
recommendations, as agreed with the Bank, by December 31, 1996.
      Section 4.09.  WAPDA shall, not  later than September 30,
1996, appoint management consultants, with relevant
international power utility experience and under terms of
reference satisfactory to the Bank, to assist WAPDA in
designing and implementing a set of managerial, financial and
technical efficiency objectives by which to measure and improve
the operational, managerial and financial performance of
WAPDA's power operations.
      Section 4.10.  WAPDA shall, under Part D.4 of the Project
and not later than June 30, 1996, appoint a reputable private
auditing firm, in consultation with the Auditor General of the
Borrower, to develop, by December 31, 1996, a detailed audit
plan satisfactory to the Bank, and to conduct, beginning FY99
and in accordance with such plan, the audit of its accounts and
those of its parts which shall have been corporatized.
                                 ARTICLE V
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes
effective.
Page  8
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the
Bank and of WAPDA thereunder shall terminate on the date on
which the Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
terms, and the Bank shall promptly notify WAPDA thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any
cancellation or suspension under the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE VI
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted
to be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement
between the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in
writing. Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been
duly given or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by
mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which
it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                            Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                           197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.                    248423 (RCA),
                                                       64145 (WUI) or
                                                       82987 (FTCC)
      For WAPDA:
            Water and Power Development
              Authority of Pakistan
            WAPDA House
            Lahore, Pakistan
            Cable address:                            Telex:
                  WAPDA                               44869
                  Lahore                              WAPDA PAK
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be executed,
under this Agreement on behalf of WAPDA, or by WAPDA on behalf
of the Borrower under the Loan Agreement, may be taken or
executed by the Chairman of WAPDA or such other person or
persons as the Chairman of WAPDA shall designate in writing,
and the Chairman of WAPDA shall furnish to the Bank sufficient
evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
Page  9
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ D. Joseph Wood
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                                               South Asia
                  WATER AND POWER DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY
                    OF PAKISTAN
                  By /s/ Mansoor Elahi
                                                Authorized Representative
                                SCHEDULE 1
                   Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.     Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:    General
      Goods and works shall be procured in accordance with the
provisions of Section I of the "Guidelines for Procurement
under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in
January 1995 (the Guidelines) and the following provisions of
this Section, as applicable.
Part B:    International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as otherwise provided in Part C of this Section,
goods and works shall be procured under contracts awarded in
accordance with the provisions of Section II of the Guidelines
and paragraph 5 of Appendix 1 thereto.
2.    The following provisions shall apply to goods and works to
be procured under contracts awarded in accordance with the
provisions of paragraph 1 of this Part B.
      (a)   Prequalification
      Bidders for contracts for works shall be prequalified in
accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 2.9 and 2.10 of
the Guidelines.
      (b)   Preference for domestically manufactured goods and
            domestic contractors
      The provisions of paragraphs 2.54 and 2.55 of the
Guidelines and Appendix 2 thereto shall apply to goods
manufactured in the territory of the Borrower and works to be
carried out by domestic contractors.
      (c)   Dispute Review Board
      Each contract for works estimated to cost $50,000,000
equivalent or more shall include the provisions for a dispute
review board set forth in the standard bidding documents for
works referred to in paragraph 2.12 of the Guidelines.
Part C:    Other Procurement Procedures
1.    International or National Shopping
      Specialized instruments and control equipment for
environmental monitoring,  up to an aggregate amount not to
exceed $4,000,000 equivalent: (a) if estimated to cost less
than $400,000 per contract, may be procured under contracts
Page  10
awarded on the basis of international shopping procedures; and
(b) if estimated to cost less than $200,000 per contract, may
be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of national
shopping procedures, all in accordance with the provisions of
paragraphs 3.5 and 3.6 of the Guidelines.
Part D:    Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Procurement Planning
      Prior to the issuance of any invitations to prequalify for
bidding or to bid for contracts, the proposed procurement plan
for the Project shall be furnished to the Bank for its review
and approval, in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 1
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines. Procurement of all goods and
works shall be undertaken in accordance with such procurement
plan as shall have been approved by the Bank, and with the
provisions of said paragraph 1.
2.    Prior Review
      With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $1,000,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 3 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
3.    Post Review
      With respect to each contract not governed by paragraph 2
of this Part, the procedures set forth in paragraph 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
1.    Consultants' services shall be procured under contracts
awarded in accordance with the provisions of the "Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the
World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August
1981 (the Consultant Guidelines). For complex, time-based
assignments, such contracts shall be based on the standard form
of contract for consultants' services issued by the Bank, with
such modifications thereto as shall have been agreed by the
Bank. Where no relevant standard contract documents have been
issued by the Bank, other standard forms acceptable to the Bank
shall be used.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this
Section, the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring
prior Bank review or approval of budgets, short lists,
selection procedures, letters of invitation, proposals,
evaluation reports and contracts, shall not apply to (a)
contracts for the employment of consulting firms estimated to
cost less than $100,000 equivalent each or (b) contracts for
the employment of individual consultants estimated to cost less
than $50,000 equivalent each. However, said exceptions to prior
Bank review shall not apply to (a) the terms of reference for
such contracts, (b) single-source selection of consulting
firms, (c) assignments of a critical nature, as reasonably
determined by the Bank, (d) amendments to contracts for the
employment of consulting firms raising the contract value to
$100,000 equivalent or above, or (e) amendments to contracts
for the employment of individual consultants raising the
contract value to $50,000 equivalent or above.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                      Implementation Program
1.    WAPDA shall, with respect to the demand side management
(DSM) study to be carried out under Part D.2 (b) of the
Project: (a) complete the study by March 31, 1997; (b) review
and agree with the Bank on the recommendations of the study by
September 30, 1997; and (c) implement the recommendations so
Page  11
agreed in accordance with a plan satisfactory to the Bank.
2.    WAPDA shall, to the satisfaction of the Bank and not later
than December 31, 1998, establish the Project entity referred
to in Part D.1(a) of Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement,  to
assume responsibility for operating the power generation
facilities built under Part A of the Project.
3.    WAPDA shall, with respect to the actuarial study to be
carried out under Part D. 2 (d) of the Project (a) not later
than December 31, 1996, appoint the consultants required for
the study pursuant to Section II of the Schedule 1 to this
Agreement; (b) complete the study by December 31, 1997; (c)
review and agree with the Bank on the recommendations of the
study by March 31, 1998; and (d) implement the recommendations
so agreed with effect from October 1, 1998.
4.    During project implementation, WAPDA shall, taking into
account the recommendations of POE and ERP and in consultation
with the Bank, make all such changes from time to time as may
be considered appropriate to the design of, and implementation
arrangements for, the Project.
5.    WAPDA shall: (a) ensure that (i) all land required for
purposes of the Project will be acquired, and (ii) all persons
affected by the acquisition of such land under the Project will
be compensated, resettled and rehabilitated, all in accordance
with the RAPs to the satisfaction of the Bank; and (b) to that
end: (i) prepare RAP II, incorporating the principles of RAP I
and other requirements of the Bank, and furnish the same to the
Bank for its review and agreement not later than December 31,
1996, and (ii) ensure that, unless and until RAP II has been so
agreed with the Bank, none of the works will be started under
Part B of the Project.
6.    WAPDA shall ensure that: (a) a contractual framework,
satisfactory to the Bank, will be established not later than
June 30, 1996, to apply to persons whose land has legally been
acquired under the Project but who have been left in possession
of it for the time being owing to the exigencies of the
Project; and (b) a set of the standard form
contract documents developed as part of such framework, setting
forth the terms and conditions of such continuing possession,
will be promptly furnished to the Bank for concurrence.
7.    WAPDA shall furnish the Integrated Regional Development
Plan to the Bank not later than December 31, 1996.
8.    WAPDA shall:
      (a)   maintain policies and procedures adequate to enable
it to monitor and evaluate on an ongoing basis, in accordance
with indicators satisfactory to the Bank, the carrying out of
the Project and the achievement of the objectives thereof;
      (b)   prepare, under terms of reference satisfactory to the
Bank, and furnish to the Bank, on or about March 31, 1998, a
report integrating the results of the monitoring and evaluation
activities performed pursuant to paragraph (a) of this Section,
on the progress achieved in the carrying out of the Project
during the period preceding the date of said report and setting
out the measures recommended to ensure the efficient carrying
out of the Project and the achievement of the objectives
thereof during the period following such date; and
      (c)   review with the Bank, by June 30, 1998, or such later
date as the Bank shall request, the report referred to in
paragraph (b) of this Section, and, thereafter, take all
measures required to ensure the efficient completion of the
Project and the achievement of the objectives thereof, based on
the conclusions and recommendations of the said report and the
Bank views on the matter.
Page  12
