Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3474 CS
           (Power and Environmental Improvement Project)
                              between
                 CZECH AND SLOVAK FEDERAL REPUBLIC
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                        Dated July 17, 1992
                        LOAN NUMBER 3474 CS
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 17, 1992, between CZECH AND SLOVAK
FEDERAL REPUBLIC (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and aEZ, a.s. (the Borrower), having
been satisfied as to the feasibility and priority of the Project
described in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, have requested the
Bank to assist in the financing of the Project;
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to two hundred forty-six
million dollars ($246,000,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the
Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in
respect of such loan and to undertake such other obligations, all as
provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
Page  2
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower and to undertake such
other obligations;
             NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth below (the General Conditions) constitute an
integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)   The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      (b)   In Section 6.02, sub-paragraph (k) is re-lettered as
sub-paragraph (l) and a new sub-paragraph (k) is added to read:
            "(k) An extraordinary situation shall have arisen under
      which any further withdrawals under the Loan would be incon-
      sistent with the provisions of Article III, Section 3 of the
      Bank's Articles of Agreement."
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to and Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                             ARTICLE II
                             Guarantee
      Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, hereby unconditionally guarantees, as
primary obligor and not as surety merely, the due and punctual
payment of the principal of, and interest and other charges on, the
Loan, and the premium, if any, on the prepayment of the Loan, all as
set forth in the Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. The Guarantor shall take all measures as may be
required within its powers (including, without limitation, the
granting of licenses and issuance of approvals) to enable the
Borrower to carry out the Project and to comply with its other
obligations under the Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
            Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 4.01. The Minister of Finance of the Guarantor is
designated as representative of the Guarantor for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions.
      For the Guarantor:
            Federal Ministry of Finance
            Letenska 15
            11810 Prague 1
            Czech and Slovak Federal Republic
                                          Telex:
Page  3
                                            121868
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
                    Reconstruction and Development
                  1818 H Street, N. W.
                  Washington, D.C.  20433
                  United States of America
                        Cable address:                Telex:
                        INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA),
                        Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC),
                                                   64145 (WUI) or
                                                  197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  CZECH AND SLOVAK FEDERAL REPUBLIC
                  By /s/ Rita Klimova
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ W. Thalwitz
                                           Regional Vice President
                                           Europe and Central Asia
