Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3474 CS
                        Guarantee Agreement
           (Power and Environmental Improvement Project)
                              between
                          CZECH REPUBLIC
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                    Dated as of January 1, 1993
                                                LOAN NUMBER 3474 CS
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
            AGREEMENT, dated as of January 1, 1993, between CZECH
REPUBLIC (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      (A)   By a loan agreement (the Loan Agreement), dated July 17,
1992, between the Bank and aEZ, a.s. (the Borrower), the Bank agreed
to extend to the Borrower a loan (the Loan) in various currencies
equivalent to two hundred forty-six million dollars ($246,000,000),
on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but
only on condition that the Czech and Slovak Federal Republic (CSFR)
agree to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of
such Loan;
      (B)   by a guarantee agreement (CSFR Guarantee Agreement),
dated July 17, 1992, between the CSFR and the Bank, the CSFR agreed
to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of the Loan
and to undertake such other obligations, all as provided in the CSFR
Guarantee Agreement;
      (C)   the Guarantor, in a letter to the Bank, dated
November 11, 1992, agreed to ensure, as guarantor, the service by
the Borrower of the principal, interest and other charges of the
Loan in the event the CSFR should separate into two states;
Page  2
      (D)   the CSFR ceased to exist on December 31, 1992 and was
succeeded on January 1, 1993 by the Czech Republic and the Slovak
Republic as independent and sovereign states; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, having been satisfied as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
the Loan Agreement and, in consideration of the Bank's maintaining
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to guarantee the
obligations of the Borrower in respect of the Loan and to undertake
such other obligations, all as provided in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth below (the General Conditions) constitute an
integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)   The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      (b)   In Section 6.02, sub-paragraph (k) is re-lettered as
sub-paragraph (l) and a new sub-paragraph (k) is added to read:
            "(k)  An extraordinary situation shall have arisen under
      which any further withdrawals under the Loan would be incon-
      sistent with the provisions of Article III, Section 3 of the
      Bank's Articles of Agreement."
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to and Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                             Guarantee
      Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, hereby unconditionally guarantees, as
primary obligor and not as surety merely, the due and punctual
payment of the principal of, and interest and other charges on, the
Loan, and the premium, if any, on the prepayment of the Loan, all as
set forth in the Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. The Guarantor shall take all measures as may be
required within its powers (including, without limitation, the
granting of licenses and issuance of approvals) to enable the
Borrower to carry out the Project and to comply with its other
obligations under the Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                           Effectiveness
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall take effect as of
January 1, 1993.
      Section 4.02. The Guarantor shall furnish the Bank, not later
than April 30, 1993:
      (a)   evidence, satisfactory to the Bank, that the execution
and delivery of the Guarantee Agreement on behalf of the Guarantor
Page  3
have been duly authorized or ratified by all necessary governmental
action; and
      (b)   an opinion satisfactory to the Bank of counsel
acceptable to the Bank or, if the Bank shall so request, a
certificate satisfactory to the Bank of a competent official of the
Guarantor showing:
            (i)   that the Guarantee Agreement has been duly
                  authorized or ratified by, and executed and
                  delivered on behalf of, the Guarantor and is
                  legally binding upon the Guarantor in accordance
                  with its terms; and
           (ii)   such other matters as shall be reasonably
                  requested by the Bank in connection therewith.
                             ARTICLE V
            Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 5.01. The Minister of Finance of the Guarantor is
designated as representative of the Guarantor for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 5.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions.
      For the Guarantor:
            Ministry of Finance
            Letenska 15
            11810 Prague 1
            Czech Republic
                                          Telex:
                                            121868
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C.  20433
            United States of America
                  Cable address:                Telex:
                        INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA),
                        Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC),
                                                   64145 (WUI) or
                                                  197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        CZECH REPUBLIC
                        By /s/ M. Zantovsky
                                         Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                          RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
Page  4
                        By /s/ K. Dervis
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                           Europe and Central Asia
