Page  1
                          JAPANESE GRANT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 1892 TO
                              Japanese Grant
                                 Agreement
                   (Third Structural Adjustment Credit)
                                  between
                             REPUBLIC OF TOGO
                                    and
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                          as ADMINISTRATOR of the
                Japanese Funds within the framework of the
                  SPECIAL FACILITY for SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA
                           Dated April 22, 1988
                          JAPANESE GRANT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 1892 TO
                         JAPANESE GRANT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 22, 1988, between REPUBLIC OF TOGO (the
Recipient) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION as Administrator of the
Japanese funds within the framework of the Special Facility for Sub-Saharan
Africa (the Administrator).
      WHEREAS (A) the Executive Directors of the International Development
Association (IDA) have established by their Resolution No. IDA 85-1 of May
21, 1985, (the Resolution), a Special Facility for Sub-Saharan Africa (the
African Facility) constituted by the funds contributed by the International
Bank for Reconstruction and Development (the Bank) and other donors and
administered by IDA, acting as Administrator of the African Facility, for
the purpose of, and in accordance with, the provisions of the Resolution;
      (B)   pursuant to Section F of the Resolution, the Government of Japan
(Japan) has agreed to provide Japanese funds in the form of a contribution
(the SJF Contribution) in support of programs of structural change, policy
reform and institutional improvement in countries which are eligible for
financing from the African Facility's resources, and, by the agreement
described in the letter sent by Japan and confirmed by IDA on August 19,
1986, concerning the SJF Contribution (the Letter), Japan and IDA have
agreed that IDA will act as Administrator of the SJF Contribution in
accordance with the provisions of the Letter;
      (C)   the Administrator has received a letter dated February 18, 1988
from the Recipient describing a program of actions, objectives and policies
designed to achieve structural adjustment of the Recipient's economy (the
Program), declaring, inter alia, the Recipient's commitment to the execution
of the same Program;
      (D)   the Recipient has requested Japanese funds from the
Administrator for the financing of part of the Program and the Administrator
has determined that the provision of such funds in an amount of seven
hundred and fifty million Japanese Yen (Y 750,000,000) (the Japanese Grant)
would be in accordance with the provisions of the Resolution and the Letter;
Page  2
      (E)   the Recipient intends to obtain from the Japan Overseas Economic
Cooperation Fund (OECF) a loan (the OECF Loan) in an amount of one billion
nine hundred million Japanese Yen (Y 1,900,000,000), to assist in the
financing of part of the Program under the terms and conditions set forth
in an agreement (the OECF Loan Agreement) to be entered into between the
Recipient and OECF;
      (F)   by an agreement of even date hereof between the Recipient and
IDA (the Development Credit Agreement), IDA is agreeing to provide
additional assistance towards the financing of part of the Program in an
amount of thirty three million Special Drawing Rights (SDR 33,000,000) (the
IDA Credit);
      (G)   the Recipient intends to contract from the African Development
Fund (ADF) a loan (the ADF Loan) in an amount equivalent to fifteen million
Fund Units of Account (FUA 15,000,000) to assist in financing part of the
Program on terms and conditions set forth in an agreement (the ADF Loan
Agreement) to be entered into between the Recipient and ADF; and
      WHEREAS the Administrator has agreed, on the basis, inter alia, of the
foregoing, to extend the Japanese Grant to the Recipient upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                      General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Development Credit
Agreements" of IDA, dated January 1, 1985, with the modifications set forth
below (the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this
Agreement:
      (a)   the term "Association", whenever used in the General Conditions,
means the International Development Association acting as Administrator of
the Japanese Grant, except in the phrase "member of the Association" in
Sections 2.01 (5) and 6.02 (e) thereof;
      (b)   the terms "Development Credit Agreement", whenever used in the
General Conditions means this Agreement;
      (c)   the term "Credit", whenever used in the General Conditions,
means the Japanese Grant extended to the Recipient under this Agreement;
      (d)   the term "Credit Account", whenever used in the General
Conditions, shall be deemed to read Japanese Grant Account;
      (e)   Section 2.01, paragraph 9, shall be modified to read:
            "'Program' means the imports and other activities that may be
      financed out of the proceeds of the Japanese Grant pursuant to the
      provisions of Schedule I to the Japanese Grant Agreement";
      (f)   in Section 6.02 the term "Association" shall also include the
International Development Association acting in its own capacity;
      (g)   Section 9.06 (c) shall be modified to read:
            "(c) Not later than six months after the Closing Date or such
      later date as may be agreed for this purpose between the Recipient
      and the Administrator, the Recipient shall prepare and furnish to the
      Administrator a report, of such scope and in such detail as the
      Administrator shall reasonably request, on the execution of the
      program referred to in the Preamble to the Japanese Grant Agreement,
      the performance by the Recipient and the Administrator of their
      respective obligations under the Japanese Grant Agreement and the
      accomplishment of the purposes of the Japanese Grant";
      (h)   Sections 3.02, 3.03, 3.04, 3.05, 4.02, 4.03, 4.04, 4.06, 6.03,
7.01, 8.01 (a), 12.02 and 12.05 are deleted; and
Page  3
      (i)   the term "Borrower", whenever used in the General Conditions,
means the Recipient.
      Section 1.02. Whenever used in this Agreement, unless the context
otherwise requires, the several terms defined in the General Conditions and
in the Preamble to this Agreement and in the Development Credit Agreement
have the respective meanings therein set forth and the terms "Japanese Yen"
and "Y" mean the currency of Japan.
                                ARTICLE II
                            The Japanese Grant
      Section 2.01. The Administrator agrees to extend to the Recipients on
the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in this Agreement, an
amount in various currencies equivalent to seven hundred and fifty million
Japanese Yen (Y 750,000,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Japanese Grant may be withdrawn
from the Japanese Grant Account in accordance with the provisions of the
Schedule to this Agreement, as such schedule may be amended from time to
time by agreement between the Recipient and the Administrator.
      (b)   Withdrawals shall be made only on account of expenditures for
goods produced in the territories of: (i) any Part II member of IDA; and
(ii) any country designated by IDA, acting as Administrator of the African
Facility, as meeting the provisions set forth in paragraphs 4 (f) (ii) and
(iii) of the Resolution.
      (c)   Notwithstanding the provisions of subparagraph (a) above, the
Administrator shall, at the request of Japan, suspend the Recipient's right
to make withdrawals under this Agreement if an event shall have occurred
which would have entitled the Administrator to suspend the Recipient's right
to make withdrawals under the Development Credit Agreement (whether or not
the full amount of the IDA Credit has then been withdrawn), provided
however, that, notwithstanding any such request from Japan, the
Administrator may in its discretion permit withdrawals under this Agreement
in respect of expenditures for which the Administrator has entered into
special commitments pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be May 31, 1990 or such later
date as the Administrator shall establish. The Administrator shall promptly
notify the Recipient of such later date.
      Section 2.04. Except as the Administrator shall otherwise agree,
procurement of goods to be financed out of the proceeds of the Japanese
Grant shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 2 to the Development
Credit Agreement.
      Section 2.05. (a) BCEAO is designated as representative of the
Recipient for the purposes of taking any action required or permitted to be
taken under the provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Article V
of the General Conditions.
      (b)   Without limitation or restriction to the foregoing, the
Recipient hereby entrusts BCEAO with responsibility for the preparation of
withdrawal applications under the Japanese Grant and for the collection of
the documents and other evidence to be furnished to the Administrator in
support of such applications; such withdrawal applications shall to the
extent practicable be consolidated so as to apply for withdrawal of
aggregate amounts of not less than five hundred thousand dollars ($500,000)
equivalent.
                                ARTICLE III
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, Articles
III and IV of the Development Credit Agreement are hereby incorporated into
this Agreement with the same force and effect as if they were fully set
forth herein, it being understood that all references in said Articles to
Page  4
"the Association" shall be deemed to be references to the Administrator of
the Japanese Grant under this Agreement, all references to the "Credit"
shall be deemed to be references to the Japanese Grant, and all references
to the "Borrower" shall be deemed to be references to the Recipient.
                                ARTICLE IV
                        Effective Date; Termination
      Section 4.01. The following event is specified as an additional
Condition to the effectiveness of this Agreement within the meaning of
Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions, namely that all conditions
precedent to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement have been
fulfilled.
      Section 4.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Recipient and
of the Administrator thereunder shall terminate on the date 2 years after
the date of this Agreement or on the date of the disbursement of the balance
of the proceeds of the Japanese Grant, whichever shall be the earlier.
      Section 4.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the
General Conditions.
                                 ARTICLE V
                Representative of the Recipient; Addresses
      Section 5.01. Except as provided in Section 2.05 of this Agreement,
the Minister of the Recipient responsible for economy and finance is
designated as representative of the Recipient for the purposes of Section
11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 5.02. The following addresses are specified for the purposes
of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Recipient:
            Ministere de l'Economie et des Finances
            B.P. 387
            Lome
            Republic of Togo
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  MINFIE                        5286
                  Lome
                  Togo
      For the Administrator:
            Administrator of the Japanese Funds
               (International Development Association)
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable Address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                       440098 (ITT)
                  Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA) or
                                                 64145 (WUI)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly
authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in the District of Columbia, United States of America, as
of the day and year first above written.
                  REPUBLIC OF TOGO
Page  5
                  By /s/ Ellom-Kodjo Schuppuis
                                                Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  as ADMINISTRATOR of the Japanese FUNDS
                  within the framework of the SPECIAL
                  FACILITY FOR SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA
                  By /s/ Ismail Serageldin
                                           Acting Regional Vice President
                                                                   Africa
                                 SCHEDULE
                        Withdrawal of the Proceeds
                           of the Japanese Grant
1.    Subject to the provisions set forth or referred to in this Schedule,
the proceeds of the Japanese Grant may be withdrawn from the Japanese Grant
Account for expenditures made (or, if the Administrator shall so agree, to
be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required
during the execution of the Program and to be financed out of such proceeds.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph I above, no withdrawals
shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   expenditures for goods included in the following SITC groups or
sub-groups, or any successor groups or sub-groups under future revisions to
the SITC as designated by the Association by notice to the Borrower:
      Group       Sub-group         Description of Items
      112               -           Alcoholic beverages
      121               -           Tobacco, unmanufactured, tobacco
                                    refuse
      122               -           Tobacco, manufactured (whether or not
                                    containing tobacco substitutes)
      525               -           Radioactive and associated materials
      667               -           Pearls, precious and semi-precious
                                    stones, unworked or worked
       -          718.7             Nuclear reactors, and parts thereof,
                                    n.e.s.
       -          897.3             Jewelry of gold, silver or platinum
                                    group metals (except watches and watch
                                    cases) and goldsmiths' or
                                    silversmiths' wares (including set
                                    gems)
      971         -                 Gold, non-monetary (excluding gold
                                    ores and concentrates)
      (b)   expenditures in the currency of the Recipient or for goods
supplied from the territory of the Recipient, excluding, if the currency of
the Recipient is also that of another country, expenditures in such currency
for goods or services supplied from the territory of such other country;
      (c)    expenditures for goods procured under contracts costing less
than ten thousand Dollars ($10,000) equivalent;
      (d)   expenditures for goods supplied under a contract which any
Page  6
national or international financing institution or agency other than the
Administrator shall have financed or agreed to finance;
      (e)         expenditures for goods intended for a military or para-
military purpose or for luxury consumption; and
      (f)   expenditures in excess of an aggregate amount equivalent to SDR
4,600,000 under the Japanese Grant and the IDA Credit for petroleum products
and foodstuffs, respectively.
3.    No withdrawal shall be made and no commitment shall be entered into
to pay amounts to the Recipient or others in respect of expenditures to be
financed out of the proceeds of the IDA Credit and the Japanese Grant after
the aggregate of the proceeds of the IDA Credit and the Japanese Grant
withdrawn from the Credit Account and the Japanese Grant Account and the
total amount of such commitments shall have reached the equivalent of SDR
19,000,000 unless the Administrator shall be satisfied, after an exchange
of views as described in Section 3.01 of the Development Credit Agreement:
(a) with the progress achieved by the Recipient in the carrying out of the
Program, and (b) that the actions described in Schedule 3 to the Development
Credit Agreement have been taken.
4.    If, after the exchange of views described in paragraph 3 above, the
Administrator shall have given notice to the Recipient that the progress
achieved and actions taken are not satisfactory and within 90 days after
such notice, the Recipient shall not have achieved progress and taken
actions satisfactory to the Administrator, then the Administrator may, by
notice to the Recipient, cancel the unwithdrawn amount of the Japanese Grant
or any part thereof.
