Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3221 UR
                   (Power Modernization Project)
                              between
                  REPUBLICA ORIENTAL DEL URUGUAY
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                       Dated August 21, 1990
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3221 UR
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated August 21, 1990, between REPUBLICA ORIENTAL
DEL URUGUAY (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Administracion Nacional de
Usinas y Transmisiones Electricas (the Borrower), having been
satisfied as to the feasibility and priority of the Project
described in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, have requested the
Bank to assist in the financing of the Project;
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to sixty two million five
hundred thousand dollars ($62,500,000), on the terms and conditions
set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the
Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in
respect of such loan as provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
Page  2
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General Conditions)
constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement and in the Preamble to and Section 1.02 of the
Loan Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, without limitation or restriction upon
any of its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the
Guarantor hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and
not as surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal
of, and interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if
any, on the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of
all the other obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in the
Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the Guarantor
specifically undertakes, whenever there is reasonable cause to
believe that the funds available to the Borrower will be inadequate
to meet the estimated expenditures required for the carrying out of
the Project, to make arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank,
promptly to provide the Borrower or cause the Borrower to be
provided with such funds as are needed to meet such expenditures.
                            ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. The Guarantor shall take all necessary action,
including the granting of all necessary authorizations, import
licenses, foreign exchange permits and all other approvals required
under the laws of the Guarantor, for ensuring the timely procurement
of the goods and services required for the project.
      Section 3.02. (a) The Guarantor, by July 1, 1990, shall
establish and commence the operation of the Clearing House System
and shall cause at least the Borrower, ANTEL, OSE and ANCAP to
accede to said System by such date, and thereafter shall maintain
and operate such System throughout the execution of the Project with
the participation of at least the Guarantor and the aforesaid
companies.
      (b)   Without limitation to the obligations of the Guarantor
under subparagraph (a) above, the Guarantor shall pay and shall
cause each of its departments and national agencies, or subdivisions
thereof, to settle all accounts payable to the Borrower for services
rendered or to be rendered by the Borrower within 75 days from the
date of billing.
      (c)   In the event that any debt included in paragraph (b)
above shall not be paid to the Borrower in a timely manner in
accordance with such paragraph or under the Clearing House System,
the Guarantor shall promptly pay such debt to the Borrower on behalf
of the debtor.
Page  3
      Section 3.03. The Guarantor undertakes that it shall
compensate the Borrower for any losses incurred by the Borrower,
arising from fire, explosion, flood, storms, accidents, earthquakes,
war or civil disturbance and which are not covered by external
insurers or the self-insurance fund referred to in paragraph (b) of
Section 4.01 of the 1779 Loan Agreement, or under the plan referred
to in such paragraph, when the plan in question is put into effect.
      Section 3.04. (a) The Guarantor shall, by not later than
December 31, 1990, issue a Resolucion authorizing the Borrower, on
a permanent basis, to apply a surcharge reflecting increased costs
in the supplying of thermal power services provided by the Borrower,
such Resolucion to be issued along the lines of, but covering future
situations other than those referred to in, the Guarantor's
Resolucion 384/1989, dated August 18, 1989.
      (b)   Without limitation to the obligations of the Guarantor
under Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the Guarantor shall take all
actions required to enable the Borrower to comply with its
obligations under Sections 5.02 and 5.03 of the Loan Agreement,
including, without limitation, all actions required to permit the
Borrower to adjust its tariffs so as to comply with such Sections.
                            ARTICLE IV
            Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 4.01. The Minister of Economy and Finance of the
Guarantor is designated as representative of the Guarantor for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Ministerio de Economia y Finanzas
            Colonia 1089
            Montevideo
            Uruguay
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  MINECON                    269 MINECON UY
                  Montevideo, Uruguay
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
                 Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                 INTBAFRAD                   197688 (TRT),
                 Washington, D.C.            248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above
written.
                  REPUBLICA ORIENTAL DEL URUGUAY
Page  4
                  By /s/ Enrique Guerra Daneri
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                     RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
