Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                    LOAN NUMBER 3021 UR
                    Loan Agreement
                 (Transport Project I)
                        between
            REPUBLICA ORIENTAL DEL URUGUAY
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                  Dated April 6, 1989
                                   LOAN NUMBER 3021  UR
                    LOAN AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated April 6, 1989, between REPUBLICA
ORIENTAL DEL URUGUAY (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL
BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
     WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as
to the feasibility and priority of the Project described
in Schedule 2 to this Loan Agreement, has requested the
Bank to assist in the financing of the Project;
     (B)  Part B.1 and C.4 of the Project will be carried
out by Administracion Nacional de Puertos (ANP) with the
Borrower's assistance and, as part of such assistance,
the Borrower will make available to ANP part of the
proceeds of the Loan as provided in this Loan Agreement;
and
     (C)  the Borrower intends to secure additional
external financing assistance for purposes of the Project
Page  2
amounting at least to seventy three million nine hundred
thousand dollars ($73,900,000) equivalent (the Eximbank
Loan) from the Export-Import Bank of Japan (Eximbank),
acting on its own behalf and as agent for other
commercial banks, under an agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and Eximbank (the Eximbank
Agreement);
     WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Loan to the
Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Loan Agreement and in the Project Agreement of even date
herewith between the Bank and ANP;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January
1, 1985, with the modifications set forth below (the
General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this
Loan Agreement:
     (a)  The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted;
and
     (b)  The following is added as paragraph (f) of
Section 6.03:
               "or (f) after December 31, 1990, or
               another date agreed between the  Borrower
               and the Bank, an amount of the Loan
               allocated  under Category (3) of the
               Table for purposes of Part B.2 of the
               Project shall remain unwithdrawn because
               the related conditions of disbursement
               stipulated in paragraph 3(c) of Schedule
               1 to the Loan Agreement shall have not
               been fulfilled,"
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions and
in the Preamble to this Loan Agreement have the
respective meanings therein set forth and the following
additional terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "Project Agreement" means the agreement between
the Bank and ANP of even date herewith, as the same may
be amended from time to time, and such term includes all
schedules and agreements supplemental to the Project
Agreement;
     (b)  "Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement
to be entered into between the Borrower and ANP pursuant
to Section 3.01 (c) of this Loan Agreement, as the same
may be amended from time to time, and such term includes
all schedules to the Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
     (c)  "Special Account" means the account referred to
in section 2.02 (b) of this Loan Agreement;
     (d)  "MTOP" means Ministerio de Transporte y Obras
Publicas, the Borrower's Ministry of Transportation and
Public Works;
     (e)  "Vialidad" means MTOP's Direccion Nacional de
Vialidad, the National Directorate for Roads;
Page  3
     (f)  "Hidrografia" means MTOP's Direccion Nacional
de Hidrografia, the National Directorate for Hydrography;
     (g)  "Table" means the table set forth in paragraph
1 of Schedule 1 to this Loan Agreement;
     (h)  "National Highway" means a road, the planning,
construction, reconstruction and maintenance of which are
under the jurisdiction of MTOP;
     (i)  "nuevo peso" means the unit of currency of the
Borrower;
     (j)  "Additional Road" means any road of the
National Highway system or section thereof (other than
those included under Part A.l(a) or Part A.l(b) of the
Project) included under the Transport Expenditure Program
and that the Borrower proposes to include under Part
A.l(c) of the Project;
     (k)  "Sub-project" means any project included in a
Maintenance Program of Departamentos, partially financed,
or to be financed, as the context determines is the case,
with proceeds  of the Loan under Part A.2 of the Project,
and which consists of civil works for the routine or
periodic maintenance of one or more gravel roads, under
the jurisdiction of an Intendencia, or one or more
section of such road or roads;
     (1)  "Intendencia" means the Government of each of
the Borrower's political subdivisions (Departamentos)
that intends to carry out a Sub-project included in the
corresponding Routine or Periodic Maintenance Program of
Departamentos;
     (m)  "Routine Maintenance Program of Departamentos"
means an annual program of routine maintenance (1)
covering an aggregate of not more than 10,000 Kilometers
of road sections and comprising Sub-projects selected by
Vialidad amongst proposals from the Intendencias, and (2)
that the Bank has agreed to finance under the Loan, as
such Program may be changed from time to time by
agreement between the Borrower and the Bank; and the term
"Periodic Maintenance Program of Departamentos" means an
annual program of periodic road maintenance comprising a
number of Subprojects in each corresponding Intendencia
with an aggregate of up to 2,000 kilometers of the road
or roads under the jurisdiction of the Intendencia in
question which have been included for the year in
question in one or more Sub-projects under the Routine
Maintenance Program of Departamentos and under the
Transport Expenditure Program;
     (n)  "Transport Expenditure Program" means the
Borrower's five-year expenditure program, starting in
1988, a planning tool for annual investments during the
period in the Borrower's transport subsectors for the
construction, reconstruction, rehabilitation and
maintenance by MTOP, including Vialidad and Hidrografia,
and ANP, Administracion de los Ferrocarriles del Estado,
and Primera Linea Uruguaya de Navegacion Aerea, of
infrastructure and related services operated under their
respective jurisdiction, and for maintenance replacement
and new acquisition of equipment used for that purpose;
     (o)  "MTOP Action Plan" means a set of two plans of
action for the strengthening of MTOP as a whole and,
particularly, of Vialidad, Hidrografia and ANP, one for
the road sub-sector and the other for the port
sub-sector, both attached to the letter to the Bank from
the Borrower's Minister of Transport and Public Works,
Page  4
dated September 12, 1988, as such plans may be changed by
agreement between the Borrower and the Bank as a result
of any exchange of views held pursuant to Section 3.07 of
this Loan Agreement;
     (p)  "Prior Agreement" means the loan agreement
(Third Highway Project) entered into between the Borrower
and the Bank on March 25, 1983, as revised as of May 18,
1984 and July 30, 1986, and as amended thereafter;
     (q)  "OSE" means Administracion de las Obras
Sanitarias del Estado, an entity wholly owned by the
Borrower and charged with the responsibility of operating
the Borrower's water supply and distribution systems, and
the term "OSE Agreement" means the agreement between the
Borrower and OSE referred to in Section 3.01 (b) (iii) of
this Agreement;
     (r)  "Project Coordination Unit" means the Unit
referred to in Sections 3.05 and 6.01 (d) of this
Agreement;
     (s)  "Economic and Financial Advisory Unit" means
the Unit established in MTOP by means of MTOP's
Resolution 88/1906 dated January 8, 1988; and
     (t)  "Authorized Allocation" means the aggregate
amount defined in paragraph 1 (c) of Schedule 4 to this
Loan Agreement.
                      ARTICLE II
                       The Loan
     Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in this Loan Agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent to eighty million eight hundred
thousand dollars ($80,800,000).
     Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Loan may be
withdrawn from the Loan Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Loan Agreement for
expenditures made (or, if the Bank shall so agree, to be
made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and
services required for the Project described in Schedule
2 to this Loan Agreement and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan.
     (b)  The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the
Project, and maintain in dollars a special account, in
its Central Bank    on terms and conditions satisfactory
to the Bank.  Deposits into the Special Account and
payments out of, the Special Account shall be made in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 4 to this Loan
Agreement.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30,
1995 or such later date as the Bank shall establish.  The
Bank shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later
date.
     Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a
commitment charge at the rate of three-fourths of one
percent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of
the Loan not withdrawn from time to time.
     Section 2.05. (a) The Borrower shall pay interest on
the principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time at a rate per annum for
each Interest Period equal to one-half of one percent per
annum above the Cost of Qualified Borrowings for the last
Page  5
Semester ending prior to the commencement of such
Interest Period.
     (b)  As soon as practicable after the end of each
Semester, the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost
of Qualified Borrowings for such Semester.
     (c)  For purposes of this Section:
         (i)   "Interest Period" means the six-month
               period commencing on each date specified
               in Section 2.06 of this Agreement,
               including the Interest Period in which
               this Agreement is signed.
        (ii)   "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the
               cost of the outstanding borrowings of the
               Bank drawn down after June 30, 1982,
               expressed as a percentage per annum, as
               reasonably determined by the Bank.
       (iii)   "Semester" means the first six months or
               the second six months of a calendar year.
     Section 2.06. Interest and other charges shall be
payable semiannually on May 15 and November 15 in each
year.
     Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal
amount of the Loan in accordance with the amortization
schedule set forth in Schedule 3 to this Loan Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
               Execution of the Project
     Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to this Loan Agreement, and, to this end,
shall carry out Parts A, B.2, B.3, B.4 and C, other than
C.4, of the Project through MTOP, with every applicable
Intendencia as executing agencies for Part A.2 thereof,
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate engineering, administrative, and financial
practices, and shall provide, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for the Project.
     (b)  Without any limitation or restriction upon any
of its other obligations under this Loan Agreement, the
Borrower shall: (i) cause ANP to perform in accordance
with the provisions of the Project Agreement all the
obligations of ANP therein set forth, shall take or cause
to be  taken all action, including the provision of
funds, facilities, services and other resources,
necessary or appropriate to enable ANP to perform such
obligations, and shall not take or permit to be taken any
action which would prevent or interfere with such
performance; (ii) make, not later than December 31, 1989,
equity contributions to ANP, with the exclusive purpose
of covering all external debt service payments due and
payable by ANP during 1988 and 1989 and up to a maximum
of the equivalent of twenty million dollars
($20,000,000), under terms and conditions to be
stipulated in the Subsidiary Loan Agreement referred to
in paragraph (c) of this Section 3.01; and (iii) enter
into an agreement, satisfactory to the Bank, with OSE to
secure OSE's technical supervision of the construction of
the facilities under Part B.2 (c) of the Project and,
upon completion of such facilities, of their transfer to,
and operation and maintenance by, OSE.
Page  6
     (c)  The Borrower shall relend the proceeds of the
Loan allocated from time to time to Categories 2, 5 (a)
, 6 (a) and 7 (a) of the Table to ANP under a subsidiary
loan agreement to be entered into between the Borrower
and ANP under terms and conditions which shall have been
approved by the Bank, and which shall include provisions
to the effect that: (i) payments of principal under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement shall be made in the same dates
set forth in Schedule 3 to this Loan Agreement and in a
proportion of the same amounts set forth therein equal to
the ratio, as of the payment date in question, between
overall amounts withdrawn from the Loan Account and
outstanding and amounts withdrawn from the Loan Account
under Categories 2, 5(a), 6(a) and 7(a) of the Table and
outstanding; (ii) interest shall be paid on the principal
amount of the Loan withdrawn under any such Category and
outstanding from time to time at the same rate applicable
to the Loan under Section 2.05 of this Loan Agreement and
on the same dates stipulated under Section 2.06 of this
Loan Agreement; (iii) a commitment charge shall be paid
to the Borrower, as provided in Section 2.04 of this Loan
Agreement but shall accrue only, in respect of amounts
allocated to Categories 2, 5(a), 6(a) and 7(a) of the
Table; (iv) all payments of principal and interest and
other charges made pursuant to (i) to (iii) above until
the Closing Date shall be deemed provisional and subject
to adjustment in accordance with the provisions of (v)
below; and (v) promptly after the Closing Date,
representatives of the Borrower and ANP shall meet to
determine the sum, if any, which the Borrower shall pay
to ANP or which ANP shall pay to the Borrower, as the
case may be, as compensation for differences between the
amounts actually paid by ANP on account of principal,
interest and other charges under the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement before the Closing Date, and amounts that would
have been actually payable by ANP if the variations in
the determination of the Loan's share referred to in
paragraph (d) of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions
during the period ending with the Closing Date would have
been taken into account when making the actual payment in
question.
     (d)  The Borrower shall exercise its rights and
comply with its obligations under the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement and under the OSE Agreement in such manner as
to protect the interests of the Borrower and the Bank and
to accomplish the purposes of the Loan, and, except as
the Bank shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not
assign, amend, abrogate or waive the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement or the OSE Agreement or any provision thereof.
     Section 3.02. (a) Without limitation or restriction
upon its obligations under Section 3.01 of this Loan
Agreement, the Borrower shall cause each Intendencia,
under appropriate contractual arrangements, to execute
each Sub-project concerning one or more roads, or
sections thereof, within its jurisdiction, with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate engineering, administrative and financial
practices, and to provide the facilities, services and
other resources required for the execution of the
Sub-project in question.
     (b)  Each of the aforesaid contractual arrangements
shall stipulate, inter alia: (i) that such road or roads,
or sections thereof, shall be maintained by the
Intendencia under the Subproject in question, and the
type of maintenance for each road or section; (ii)
adequate arrangements with Vialidad in respect of
assistance in engineering matters and, in general, in the
execution of the Sub-projects, including supervision and
quality control improvement of the works; (iii) that the
Page  7
Intendencia shall supply all the equipment required in
the execution of the Subproject or Sub-projects in
question, and the remedies available to the Borrower if
the Intendencia fails to comply with the preceding and
other provisions of the corresponding contractual
arrangements; (iv) that, after approval by Vialidad of
works executed under the Sub-project in question, the
Borrower shall pay to the Intendencia the cost of
executing such Sub-project, at the initial rate of $354
equivalent per kilometer of routine maintenance and of
$3,215 equivalent per kilometer of periodic maintenance;
(v) procedures to review and, if warranted, revise such
rates annually, and to discontinue or discard one or more
Sub-projects so as to reflect changes in the Routine or
Periodic Maintenance Programs and, eventually, replace
such Sub-projects by others with economic rates of return
which are in fulfillment with the provisions of paragraph
3(e)(iii) of Schedule 1 to this Loan Agreement; and (vi)
the personnel, equipment, facilities and services to be
used by the Intendencia to execute the Sub-project in
question.
     Section 3.03. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for Parts A, B.2, B.3, B.4 and C, other
than C.4, of the Project, and for Parts B.1 and C.4 of
the Project shall be governed by the provisions of
Schedule 5 to this Loan Agreement and Schedule 1 to ,the
Project Agreement, respectively.
     Section 3.04. The Bank and the Borrower hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05,
9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions
(relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of Parts B.1 and
C.4 of the Project shall be carried out by ANP pursuant
to Section 2.03 of the Project Agreement.
     Section 3.05. The Borrower shall maintain until the
report referred to in Section 9.07 (c) of the General
Conditions, in form and substance satisfactory to the
Bank, has been furnished to the Bank, the Project
Coordination Unit established pursuant to Section 6.01
(d) of this Loan Agreement, and shall provide such unit
with such funds, facilities, services and other resources
as shall be necessary for its operation.
     Section 3.06. The Borrower shall complete the
road-user charge receipts study included in the MTOP
Action Plan by not later than October 31, 1989, shall
promptly thereafter furnish to the Bank for comments the
findings and recommendations of such study and, after
taking into account the Bank's comments, if any, shall
take all such action as shall be necessary to adjust by
December 31, 1989, the level of charges so as to reflect
at least the short-term marginal cost of maintaining and
administering the National Highways.
     For purposes of this Section, the term "road user
charge" means any charge, tax, duty or fee to be
collected from road users in connection with the use,
potential or actual, of roads, bridges or vehicles in the
Borrower's territories, including value added or sale
taxes on the sale of spare parts and accessories for
vehicles.
     Section 3.07. The Borrower shall, at such times as
specified below and until such time the report mentioned
in Section 9.07 (c) of the General Conditions has been
furnished to the Bank in form and substance satisfactory
to the Bank, meet with representatives of the Bank with
Page  8
the purposes of reviewing the following:
     (a)  by a date not later than June 15 of each year:
(i) the updating of the program of road investments to be
made for the five (5) calendar years next following the
review in question; (ii) the proposed recurrent and
investment budgets in National Highways  for the calendar
year next following such review; (iii)  the proposed
Sub-projects for the calendar year next following such
review and the consequent revision, if warranted, to the
corresponding Routine Maintenance Program of
Departamentos or the Periodic Maintenance Program of
Departamentos, or both; and (iv) the progress made,
during the period covered by the review in question in
the execution of the MTOP Action Plan, and the
corrections thereto, if warranted, that may be agreed
upon between the Borrower and the Bank; and
     (b)  by a date not later than November 30 of each
year: (i) the updating of the road investments program,
including maintenance, for the year next following the
review in question; (ii) the status and updating of
road-user charges (as the term is defined in Section 3.06
of this Loan Agreement) and fuel prices; and (iii) the
progress made during the period covered by such review in
the implementation of the MTOP Action Plan, and the
corrections thereto, if warranted, that may be agreed
upon between the Borrower and the Bank.
                      ARTICLE IV
             Financial and other Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or
cause to be maintained records and accounts adequate to
reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices the
operations, resources and expenditures in respect of
Parts A, B.2, B.3, B.4 and C, other than C.4, of the
Project of the departments or agencies of the Borrower
responsible for carrying out one or more of such Parts of
the Project.
     (b)  The Borrower shall continue showing separately,
in the accounting system of Vialidad, and in accordance
with sound accounting practices, all expenditures
incurred by it for the construction, reconstruction,
rehabilitation, minor and major improvements, and routine
and periodic maintenance of roads.
     (c)  The Borrower shall:
         (i)   have the records and accounts referred to
               in paragraph (a) of this Section,
               including those for the Special Account
               for each fiscal year audited, in
               accordance with appropriate auditing
               principles consistently applied, by
               independent auditors acceptable to the
               Bank;
        (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available,
               but in any case not later than six months
               after the end of each such year, the
               report of such audit by said auditors, of
               such scope and in such detail as the Bank
               shall have reasonably requested; and
       (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other
               information concerning said records and
               accounts and the audit thereof as the
               Bank shall from time to time reasonably
               request.
Page  9
     (d)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on the basis
of statements of expenditure, other than under Parts B.1
or C.4 of the Project, the Borrower shall:
         (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained in
               accordance with paragraph (a) of this
               Section, records and accounts reflecting
               such expenditures;
        (ii)   ensure, until at least one year after the
               Bank has received the audit report for
               the fiscal year in which the last
               withdrawal from the Loan Account was
               made, all records (contracts, orders,
               invoices, bills, receipts and other
               documents) evidencing such expenditures;
       (iii)   enable the Bank's representatives to
               examine such records; and
        (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
               included in the annual audit referred to
               in paragraph (c) of this Section and that
               the report of such audit contains a
               separate opinion by said auditors as to
               whether the statements of expenditures
               submitted during such fiscal year,
               together with the procedures and internal
               controls involved in their preparation,
               can be relied upon to support the related
               withdrawals.
     Section 4.02. (a) The Borrower shall: (i) cause all
roads of the Borrower to be adequately maintained and
cause all necessary repairs thereof to be made, all in
accordance with appropriate engineering practices; (ii)
cause all road maintenance equipment and workshops to be
adequately maintained and cause all necessary repairs and
renewals thereof to be made, all in accordance with
appropriate engineering practices; and (iii) provide,
promptly, as needed, the funds required for the
foregoing; provided, however, that, unless otherwise
agreed between the Borrower and the Bank, the aggregate
of funds to be allocated yearly by the Borrower for the
aforesaid purpose shall not be lower than the base.
     (b)  For the purpose of (a) above, "base" means an
amount in nuevos pesos equivalent to thirty million
dollars ($30,000,000), allocated for National Highway
maintenance purposes and adjusted on the basis of a
formula satisfactory to the Borrower and to the Bank so
as to reflect inflation between December 31, 1988 and the
end of the calendar year in question.
     (c)  The provisions of paragraphs (b) and (c) of
Section 4.03 of the Prior Agreement are hereby deleted.
     Section 4.03. The Borrower shall take all action,
including the granting of all necessary authorizations,
import licenses, foreign exchange permits and all other
approvals required under the laws of the Borrower, to
ensure timely procurement of the goods and services
required for the Project.
     Section 4.04. The Borrower shall take all necessary
action to, (i) cause the dimension and weight of the
vehicles using the national roads of the Borrower to be
kept within the limits provided by the laws and
regulations of the Borrower; (ii) ensure permanent and
consistent  enforcement of such laws and regulations; and
Page  10
(iii) consult with the Bank on any proposals to amend or
supplement such laws and  regulations.
     Section 4.05. The Borrower shall cause MTOP's
Asesoria de Evaluacion Tecnica y Economica, in close
cooperation with Vialidad, to collect, record and
analyze, in accordance with sound statistical methods and
procedures, such technical, economic and financial
information as shall be required for the proper planning
of maintenance, improvement and expansion of the national
roads of the Borrower.  The aforesaid provisions
supersede those of Section 4.06 of the Prior Agreement.
     Section 4.06. The Borrower shall inform the Bank,
from time to time, on each updating of the Borrower's
Transport Expenditure Program.
     Section 4.07. (a) The Borrower shall take all such
steps or measures on its part as shall be necessary to
ensure that each action specified under the MTOP Action
Plan in respect of MTOP as a whole, or in particular
Vialidad and Hidrografia, or ANP, is taken or executed so
as to produce the effects called for under such Plan by
the dates specified thereunder.
     (b)  For purposes of paragraph (a) above, the
Borrower shall maintain, subject to the changes to be
made pursuant to Section 6.01 (e) of this Loan Agreement,
for the duration of the MTOP Action Plan, the Economic
and Financial Advisory Unit which will coordinate its
tasks with representatives of MTOP at large, Vialidad,
Hidrografia and ANP.
                       ARTICLE V
                 Remedies of the Bank
     Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (k) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified; provided, however, that, if any of the events
specified in the following paragraphs (a), (b) and (c)
shall have occurred and be continuing, the suspension of
the Borrower's right to make withdrawals from the Loan
Account may be limited to withdrawals in respect of
Project expenditures related to ANP or OSE, or both, as
applicable:
     (a)  ANP or OSE shall have failed to perform any of
their respective obligations under the Project Agreement
or the OSE Agreement, as applicable.
     (b)  As a result of events which have occurred after
the date of this Loan Agreement, an extraordinary
situation shall have arisen which shall make it
improbable that ANP and OSE will be able to perform their
obligations under the Project Agreement and the OSE
Agreement, respectively.
     (c)  The Borrower or any other authority having
jurisdiction shall have taken any action for the
dissolution or disestablishment of ANP or OSE or for the
suspension of their respective operations.
     (d) (i)   Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this
               paragraph:
         (A)   the right of the Borrower to withdraw the
               proceeds of the Eximbank Loan shall have
               been suspended, cancelled or terminated
               in whole or in part, pursuant to the
               terms of the Eximbank Agreement; or
Page  11
         (B)   the Eximbank Loan shall have become due
               and payable prior to the agreed maturity
               therefor.
        (ii)   Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall
               not apply if the Borrower establishes to
               the satisfaction of the Bank that: (A)
               such suspension, cancellation,
               termination or prematuring is not caused
               by the failure of the Borrower to perform
               any of its obligations under such
               agreement; and (B) adequate funds for the
               Project are available to the Borrower
               from other sources on terms and
               conditions consistent with the
               obligations of the Borrower under this
               Agreement.
     (e)  The staffing or terms of reference of the
Economic and
Financial Advisory Unit shall have been changed so as to
affect materially and adversely the ability of the
Borrower to comply with its obligations under Section
4.07 of this Loan Agreement.
     (f)  The Borrower and the Bank shall have failed to
reach agreement, after any of the reviews to be held
pursuant to Section 3.07  of this Loan Agreement, on the
topics stipulated in paragraphs (a) (ii) or (iii)
thereof; provided, however, that with regard to Section
3.07 (a) (ii) of this Loan Agreement the Bank may
withhold its agreement if the Borrower: (i) includes in
the budgets mentioned therein allocations in respect of
one or more projects, each with a total cost of $40
million equivalent or more and with an annual economic
rate of return, calculated in accordance with a
methodology satisfactory to the Bank, of less than twelve
percent (12%); or (ii) fails to prepare adequate budgets
for road maintenance as provided in Section 4.02 of this
Loan Agreement; or (iii) includes in said budgets
allocations which are inadequate in view of the estimated
expenditures for the project or projects in question. .
     Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (h) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  the event specified in paragraph (a) or
paragraph (e) of Section 5.01 of this Loan Agreement
shall occur and shall continue for a period of sixty days
after notice thereof shall have been given by the Bank to
the Borrower;
     (b)  any of the events specified in paragraph (c) of
Section 5.01   of this Loan Agreement shall occur; and
     (c)  the event specified in paragraph (d) (i) (B) of
Section
5.01 of this Loan Agreement shall occur, subject to the
proviso of paragraph (d) (ii) of that Section.
                      ARTICLE VI
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 6.01. The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of this Loan
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the
General Conditions:
     (a)  the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been executed
on behalf of the Borrower and ANP;
Page  12
     (b)  the conditions of disbursement under the
Eximbank Agreement in respect of any amount of the
Eximbank Loan, if any, other than the effectiveness of
this Loan Agreement, have been met;
     (c)  the Co-lenders' Agreement relating to the
cofinancing of the Project between the Bank and Eximbank
has been executed on behalf of the Bank and Eximbank;
     (d)  a Project Coordinating Unit within MTOP has
been established in form and substance satisfactory to
the Bank; and
     (e)  the Economic and Financial Advisory Unit's
monitoring capabilities have been strengthened in form
and substance satisfactory to the Bank.
     Section 6.02. The following are specified as
additional matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02
(c) of the General Conditions, to be included in the
opinion or opinions to be furnished to the Bank:
     (a)  that the Project Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by ANP, and is legally binding
upon ANP in accordance with its terms;
     (b)  that the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been
duly authorized or ratified by the Borrower and ANP and
is legally binding upon the Borrower and ANP in
accordance with its terms; and
     (c)  that the Eximbank Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by Eximbank and the Borrower and
is legally binding upon Eximbank and the Borrower in
accordance with its terms.
     Section 6.03. The date of June 15, 1989 is hereby
specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the
General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VII
       Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 7.01. The Minister of Transport and Public
Works of the Borrower is designated as representative of
the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the
General Conditions.
     Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
          Ministerio de Transporte y Obras Publicas
          Rincon 561 esq. Ituzaingo
          Montevideo
          Republica Oriental del Uruguay
          Cable address:                Telex:
               MINTRANSP                     39822071
               Montevideo, Uruguay
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
            Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
Page  13
          United States of America
          Cable address:                Telex:
               INTBAFRAD                440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA) or
                                        64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               REPUBLICA ORIENTAL DEL URUGUAY
               By Isl Jorge Sanguinetti
                              Authorized  Representative
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
               RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
               By Isl Shahid Husain
                                      Regional Vice President
                              Latin America and the Caribbean
                      SCHEDULE 1
        Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the
allocation of the amounts of the Loan to each Category
and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                   Amount  of  the
                  Loan   Allocated       % of
                   (Expressed   in   Expenditures
  Category       Dollar Equivalent) to be Financed
(1) Works  under    30,900,000       29%
    Part A.1  of
    the  Project
(2) Works  under     4,900,000       29%
    Part B.1  of
    the  Project
(3) Works  under     8,300,000       31%
    Parts B.2
    (other  than
    dredging works),
    B.3 and B.4 of
    the Project
(4) Sub-projects    15,000,000       30% of amounts
    under Part A.2                   paid by the
    of the Project                   Borrower to an
                                     Intendencia in
                                     respect of the
                                     Sub-project in
                                     question under
                                     the Routine or
Page  14
                                     Periodic Main-
                                     tenance Program of
                                     the Departamentos
(5)  Goods:
   (a) Part  B.l(e)  2,900,000       60% of foreign
       and C.4 of                    expenditures,
       the Project                   60% of local
                                     expenditures
   (b) Part B.2 (c)  1,300,000       (ex-factory
       and C of the                  cost) and 50%
       Project (other                of local ex-
       than Part C.4)                penditures for
                                     other items
                                     procured locally
(6) Consultants'
    services:
   (a) Part C.4  of  1,050,000
       the Project
       and engineering
       services directly
       related to the
       carrying out of
       Part B.1 of the
       Project
   (b) Part C of       450,000
       the Project
       (other than
       Part C.4)
       and engineering
       services directly
       related to the
       carrying out of                50%
       Part A.1, Part
       B.2, Part B.3
       and Part B.4 of
       the Project
(7) Training:
   (a) Part C.4  of    700,000
       the Project
                                      60%
   (b) Part C of       400,000
       the Project
       (other than
       Part C.4)
(8)  Unallocated    14,900,000
   TOTAL            80,800,000
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "foreign expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of any country other than
that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from
the territory of any country other than that of the
Borrower; and
     (b)  the term "local expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for goods
or services supplied from the territory of the Borrower.
Page  15
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made:
     (a)  for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement, except that withdrawals, in an aggregate
amount not exceeding the equivalent of $2,000,000, may be
made in respect of Category 1 for Part A.1 (b) (ii) of
the Project only, in respect of Category 3 for Part B.3
of the Project only, and in respect of Category 6, on
account of payments made for expenditures before that
date but after April 30, 1988;
     (b)  for expenditures under Part A.1 (c) of the
Project in respect of any Additional Road unless the Bank
and the Borrower have agreed, on the basis of the data
and information to be submitted by the Borrower pursuant
to Sections 3.07 or 4.06 of this Loan Agreement, that the
economic rate of return of the works for the Additional
Road, calculated in accordance with a methodology
satisfactory to the Bank, is higher than 12%;
     (c)  for certain expenditures under Part B of the
Project, as follows: (i) in respect of Part B.2 of the
Project, unless the Bank has been furnished with
evidence satisfactory to the Bank and the Borrower that
a second fish processing plant in La Paloma Port has
started-up its operations; (ii) in respect of Part B.2
(c) of the Project unless the Borrower has entered into
the OSE Agreement; and (iii) in respect of Part B.1 (a)
of the Project, unless the Borrower has prepared and
submitted to the Bank an engineering study, satisfactory
to the Bank, on soil investigation and final design in
respect of the closing dike mentioned in such Part of the
Project;
     (d)  notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (c)
(iii) above, for expenditures under Part B.1 and Part C.4
of the Project unless the committee and unit within ANP
mentioned in paragraphs (b) (ii) and (b) (iii),
respectively, of Section 2.06 of the Project Agreement,
have been established in form and substance satisfactory
to the Bank;
     (e)  for expenditures under Part A.2 of the Project
in respect of any Sub-project, unless the Borrower has
furnished to the Bank evidence satisfactory to the Bank
that: (i) contractual arrangements pursuant to Section
3.02 of this Loan Agreement have been executed with at
least half of the Intendencias involved in the Routine
Maintenance Program of Departamentos; (ii) such
Subproject has been included in the Maintenance Program
in question and a contractual arrangement for such
Sub-project has been executed along the lines of a model
satisfactory to the Bank; (iii) the economic rate of
return of such Sub-project, calculated in accordance with
a methodology satisfactory to the Bank, has been found,
pursuant to Section 4.06 of this Loan Agreement or to any
of the reviews held pursuant to Section 3.07 (a) of this
Loan Agreement, to be in excess of 12%; and (iv) the
corresponding works under such Sub-project have been
completed and the Borrower has paid to the Intendencia in
question the cost of such works in accordance with
Section 3.02 (b) (iv) of this Agreement.
                      SCHEDULE 2
              Description of the Project
     The objectives of the Project are to reform the
roads and ports subsectors of the Borrower's transport
sector, to strengthen the Borrower's managerial and
planning capabilities, and to stimulate competition and
Page  16
private sector involvement in each of said subsectors.
     The Project consists of the following parts, subject
to such modifications thereof as the Borrower and the
Bank may agree upon from time to time to achieve the
objectives of the Project.
Part A:   Roads Subsector
1.   Road reconstruction, rehabilitation and maintenance
on the National Highway system, as follows:
     (a)  reconstruction of about 149 Kilometers (Kms) of
a section of Route I between Colonia and Montevideo,
including about ten (10) structures for bridges and
overpasses;
     (b)  rehabilitation of road sections as follows:
         (i)   about 15 Kms of a section of Route 6 in a
               suburban area north of Montevideo,
               including one (1) bridge, one (1)
               railroad overpass, about fourteen (14)
               improved ad-grade intersections, and
               partial widening to four (4) lanes; and
        (ii)   about 51 Kms of a section of Route 7
               north of Montevideo, including about six
               (6) bridges; and
     (c)  rehabilitation and maintenance of Additional
Roads, including, if warranted, related bridges.
2.   Execution of Sub-projects under the Routine
Maintenance Program of Departamentos and of the Periodic
Maintenance Program of,Departamentos as follows:
     (a)  annual routine maintenance programs of not more
than about 10,000 Kms of selected gravel roads, in the
aggregate, in the participating Intendencias in respect
of roads within their respective jurisdiction; and
     (b)  annual periodic maintenance programs of up to
2,000 Kms exclusively in respect of roads included in the
maintenance program for that year under (a) above in the
corresponding Intendencias pursuant to Section 3.02 (a)
of this Loan Agreement.
Part B:   Ports Subsector
1.   Improvement of infrastructure and of operational
equipment at the Montevideo Port, as follows:
     (a)  construction of a shallow-water closing dike at
the northern end;
     (b)  construction of an independent access road and
gate
complex at the container-terminal including a trailer
parking area;
     (c)  remodeling of the general cargo area;
     (d)  remodeling of pier 8 to convert it into a
multipurpose
terminal; and
     (e)  acquisition of yard tractors and trailers for
container handling, and power supply and other port
equipment and materials related to (b) through (d) above.
2.   Improvement of infrastructure at La Paloma Port, as
Page  17
follows:
     (a)  construction of the north-western breakwater;
     (b)  dredging works; and
     (c)  construction of water supply and distribution
facilities, including a water reservoir, treatment plant
and distribution system, and acquisition and utilization
of equipment, including pipelines, therefor.
3.   Construction of additional small craft berths at
Punta del Este Port, with an aggregate length of about
340 meters.
4.   Improvement of infrastructure at Piriapolis Port by
extending the existing breakwater and port facilities to
accommodate and repair small craft.
Part C:   Institutional Strenthening
1.   Institutional Strengthening of MTOP (excluding
     Vialidad and Hidrografia)
     Improvement of MTOP's capabilities in transportation
planning
and in its management by means, inter alia of provision
of about 75 man-months of consultant services for the
preparation and putting into effect of a transportation
planning model (TPM) and training programs, as follows:
     (a)  improvement of policy determination, planning
and budgeting procedures for the national intermodal
transportation networks;
     (b)  assistance in selection, procurement and
operation of computers and software for TPM;
     (c)  preparation of an operational manual for TPM;
     (d)  on-the-job training in using models for
intermodal trip
assignment, transportation, inventories, traffic volume
and economic analysis;
     (e)  recommendation of organizational changes in
MTOP as
          required for putting into effect the TPM;
     (f)  assistance in the preparation of management
training
programs, including participation in international
conferences and visits abroad for technical training
purposes;
     (g)  acquisition and utilization of computer
equipment and software; and
     (h)  preparation of a study on the institutional
management of dredging activities.
2.   Institutional Strengthening of Vialidad
     Improvement of Vialidad's capabilities by means of
provision
of about 114 man-months of consultant services and
acquisition and utilization of equipment in highway
planning, soils and materials investigation, traffic
management, maintenance management and equipment
management, including:
Page  18
     (a)  For highway planning: (i) introduction of a
highway planning model (HPM) and planning procedures for
the National Highway network and of a rolling five-year
Investment and Maintenance Program; (ii) assistance in
selection, procurement and operation of computers and
software; (iii) preparation of an operational manual for
HPM; (iv) on-the-job training in using models for trip
assignment, highway inventories, traffic volume and
economic analysis; (v) recommendation of organizational
changes in Vialidad as required for putting into effect
the HPM; and (vi) acquisition and utilization of computer
equipment and software;
     (b)) For soils and materials investigation: (i)
introduction of planning procedures for the central and
field laboratory units; (ii)  assistance in selection,
procurement and operation of laboratory equipment and
introduction of new testing procedures; (iii)
preparation of a manual for standard test procedures,
material specifications and quality control; (iv)
establishment of on-the-job training in test procedures
and analysis; (v) legal assistance to establish
contractual remedies in respect of works or materials
which do not meet Project specifications; and (vi)
acquisition and utilization of laboratory equipment,
survey equipment, and computer and design equipment;
     (c)  For traffic management: (i) introduction of
modern traffic management procedures for planning and
administration of a comprehensive traffic operation and
safety program; (ii) assistance in selection, procurement
and operation of computers and software for (i) above;
(iii) preparation of an operational manual for traffic
management; (iv) on-the-job training in traffic
management, data collection and analysis; (v)
recommendation of organizational changes in Vialidad as
required for putting traffic management manual into
effect; and (vi) acquisition and utilization of vehicle
axle load analysis equipment and computer equipment for
traffic accident data analysis;
     (d)  For maintenance management: (i) introduction of
a Maintenance Management System (MMS) and of modern
maintenance management procedures for a National Highways
maintenance program; (ii)  assistance in selection,
procurement and operation of computers and software for
MMS; (iii) preparation of an operational manual for MMS;
(iv) on-the-job training in maintenance procedures, data
collection and analysis, and the operation of the MMS;
and (v) acquisition and utilization of computer equipment
and software for districts; and
     (e)  For equipment management: (i) introduction of
modern equipment management procedures for equipment
maintenance, for an equipment management system (EMS) and
for equipment operation; (ii)  assistance in selection,
procurement and operation of computers and software for
EMS; (iii) preparation of an operational manual for EMS;
(iv) on-the-job training in equipment management, data
collection and analysis and the operation of the EMS; (v)
recommendation of organizational changes in Vialidad as
required for putting into effect the EMS; (vi)
preparation of a comparative study on the costs of
private and public equipment maintenance facilities, and
recommendations on the allocation of repair functions and
equipment management solutions; and (vii) acquisition and
utilization of computer equipment and software.
3.   Institutional Strengthening of Departamentos through
Vialidad
     Increasing the responsibility of Departamentos
Page  19
participating under Part A.2 of the Project, by means of
provision of about 142 man-months of consultant services
and acquisition of vehicles, engineering and computer
equipment for the maintenance of their respective roads,
and reducing duplication of road maintenance functions in
each Departamento through technical assistance and
training to transfer technology from Vialidad to such
Departamentos, including:
     (a)  introduction of modern management procedures
for highway maintenance, equipment maintenance, and soils
and materials investigation and testing;
     (b)  preparation of on-the-job training programs in
highway maintenance, equipment management, soils and
materials testing and data collection and analysis;
     (c)  recommendation of organizational changes in the
Intendencias as required for implementing the Routine and
Periodic Maintenance Programs of Departamentos; and
     (d)  acquisition and utilization of field inspection
vehicles, laboratory and engineering equipment, survey
equipment, computer equipment and software.
4.   Institutional Strengthening of ANP
     (a)  Strengthening of ANP's capabilities by means of
provision of about 240 man-months of consultant services
for: (i) improvement of ANP's organization and functions
through, inter alia, recommendation of a new
organization, redefinition of functions at all managerial
levels, preparation of organization manuals and
procedures, and on-the-job training at managerial levels;
(ii) improvement of ANP's port operations and maintenance
services through, inter alia, distinct phases covering
diagnostic, design, implementation and post evaluation;
(iii) improvement of, ANP's port financial and management
information systems through, inter alia, costing system
and marginal cost concept services, restructuring of
tariffs, internal audit/control systems, and long-term
strategic financial planning; (iv) improvement of ANP's
marketing through, inter alia, marketing research to
define marketing objectives and strategies, and
on-the-job training and (v)  acquisition, installation
and utilization of computer equipment and software.
     (b)  Strengthening ANP's capabilities by means of a
training program to be carried out with the technical
assistance of the institution or institutions referred to
in Section 2.06 (a) of the Project Agreement, which
includes: (i) training of supervisors, equipment
operators and port workers through courses and seminars
in Montevideo; (ii) training of top and mid-level
managers through specialized courses and seminars in
Montevideo and----abroad; and (iii) preparation of
professionals in port administration and planning through
scholarship tuition abroad.
5.   Institutional Strengthening of Hidrografia
     Strengthening of Hidrografia's capabilities by means
of
provision of about 28 man-months of consultant services
for the improvement of Hidrografia's administration of
small craft ports and harbors through, inter alia,
analysis of existing infrastructure investments,
identification of potential private sector investment
participants, recommendation of actions required for
transfer of certain facilities to the private sector, and
development and implementation of cost accounting systems
for the main small craft ports.
Page  20
     The Project is expected to be completed by December
31,  1994.
                      SCHEDULE 3
                 Amortization Schedule
                                           Payment of Principal
Date Payment Due                         (Expressed in dollars)*
On each May 15 and August 15
     beginning May 15, 1994
     through   November 15, 2003                4,040,000
     The figures in this column represent dollar
equivalents determined as of the respective dates of
withdrawal.  See General Conditions, Sections 3.04 and
4.03.
                Premiums on Prepayment
     The  following premiums are specified for the
purposes of Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions:
                                  Time of Prepayment
                                 The interest rate (ex-
                                 pressed as a percentage
                                 per annum)applicable to
                                 the balance outstanding
                                 on the Loan on the day of
                                 prepayment multiplied by:
Not more than three years                    0.20
     before maturity
More than three years but                    0.40
     not more than six years
     before maturity
More than six years but                      0.73
     not more than eleven years
     before maturity
More than eleven years but not               0.87
     more than thirteen years
     before maturity
More than thirteen years                     1.00
     before maturity
                      SCHEDULE 4
                    Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "eligible Categories" means Categories
1, 2, 3, 4, 5 (a), 5 (b), 6 (a), 6 (b), 7 (a) and 7 (b)
of the Table;
Page  21
     (b)  the term "eligible expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Loan allocated from time to time to the eligible
Categories in accordance with the provisions of Schedule
I to this Loan Agreement, and which are required for the
remaining Parts of the Project; and
     (c)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an
aggregate amount equivalent to $8,000,000; the aforesaid
aggregate amount to be withdrawn from the Loan Account
and deposited into the Special Account pursuant to
paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.   Payments out of the Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with
the provisions of this Schedule.
3.   After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to
it that the Special Account has been duly opened,
withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and subsequent
withdrawals to replenish the Special Account shall be
made as follows:
     (a)  For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation,
the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank a request or
requests for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed
the aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation.  On
the basis of such request or requests, the Bank shall, on
behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan Account
and deposit in the Special Account such amount or amounts
as the Borrower shall have requested.
     (b) (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account,
               the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank
               requests for deposits into the Special
               Account at such intervals as the Bank
               shall specify.
        (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such
               request, the Borrower shall furnish to
               the Bank the documents and other evidence
               required pursuant to paragraph 4 of this
               Schedule for the payment or payments in
               respect of which replenishment is
               requested.  On the basis of each such
               request, the Bank shall, on behalf of the
               Borrower, withdraw from the Loan Account
               and deposit into the Special Account such
               amount as the Borrower shall have
               requested and as shall have been shown by
               said documents and other evidence to have
               been made out of the Special Account for
               eligible expenditures.  All such deposits
               shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the
               Loan Account under the respective
               eligible Categories, and in the
               respective equivalent amounts, as shall
               have been justified by said documents and
               other evidence.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of the
Special Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the
Bank shall reasonably request, furnish to the Bank such
documents and other evidence showing that such payment
was made exclusively for eligible expenditures.
5.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of
this Schedule, the Bank shall not be required to make
further deposits into the Special Account:
Page  22
     (a)  if, at any time, the Bank shall have determined
that all further withdrawals,should be made by the
Borrower directly from the Loan Account-in accordance
with the provisions of Article V of the General
Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this
Agreement; or
     (b)  once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan
allocated to the eligible Categories for the Project,
less the amount of any outstanding special commitment
entered into by the Bank pursuant to Section 5.02 of the
General Conditions with respect to the Project, shall
equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
corresponding Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Loan Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated to the
eligible Categories shall follow such procedures as the
Bank shall specify by notice to the Borrower.  Such
further withdrawals shall be made only after and to the
extent that the Bank shall have been satisfied that all
such amounts remaining on deposit in the corresponding
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be
utilized in making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.   (a)  If the Bank shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made
for an expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant
to paragraph 2 of this Schedule; or (ii) was not
justified by the evidence furnished to the Bank, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank: (A)
provide such additional evidence as the Bank may request;
or (B) deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Bank
shall so request, refund to the Bank) an amount equal to
the amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so
eligible or justified.  Unless the Bank shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Bank into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided
such evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case
may be.
     (b)  If the Bank shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will
not be required to cover further payments for eligible
expenditures, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice
from the Bank, refund to the Bank such outstanding
amount.
     (c)  The Borrower may, upon notice to the Bank,
refund to the Bank all or any portion of the funds on
deposit in the Special Account.
     (d)  Refunds to the Bank made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a),
(b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the
Loan Account for subsequent withdrawal or for
cancellation in accordance with the relevant provisions
of this Agreement, including the General Conditions.
                      SCHEDULE 5
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
1.   Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works
shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance
with procedures consistent with those set forth in
Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement
under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
Page  23
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.   Contracts for civil works and for goods shall be
grouped to the extent possible, so as to make bidding
packages estimated to cost the equivalent of $2,000,000
or more, in the case of works, and $300,000 or more, in
the case of goods.
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A.1 hereof, goods
manufactured in Uruguay may be granted a margin of
preference in accordance with, and subject to, the
provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines
and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Computer hardware and software may be procured under
contracts awarded through limited international bidding
procedures on the basis of evaluation and comparison of
bids invited from a list of at least three qualified
suppliers eligible under the Guidelines and in accordance
with the procedures set forth in Sections I and II of the
Guidelines (excluding paragraphs 2.8, 2.9, 2.55 and 2.56
thereof).
2.   Subject to 3 below, goods, other than those referred
to in 1 above, estimated to cost the equivalent of
$50,000 or more and, less than the equivalent of
$300,000, and civil works estimated to cost the
equivalent of less than $2,000,000, may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding,
advertised locally, in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Bank, provided, however, that the
contracts so awarded shall not exceed, in the aggregate,
the equivalent of $1,400,000, in the case of goods, and
of $26,700,000, in the case of works.
3.   Goods, other than computer hardware and software or
which cannot be grouped so as to form bidding packages of
$50,000 equivalent or more, or groups of said goods
estimated to cost less than the equivalent amount of
$50,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount not to
exceed the equivalent of $1,900,000, may be procured
under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of
price quotations solicited from a list of at least three
suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance
with procedures acceptable to the Bank.
4.   The provisions of Part A.2 of this Schedule
notwithstanding, goods shall, to the extent possible, be
further grouped so as to form bidding packages estimated
to cost the equivalent of $50,000 or more.
5.   Civil works under Part A.2 of the Project may be
executed by force account of the Intendencia in question.
Part D:   Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to (i) each contract to be awarded
in accordance with the procedures described in Part A.1
hereof, and (ii) each of the first five contracts,
irrespective of the estimated value thereof, awarded
under each of the procedures referred to in Part C.1 or
C.2 or C.3 hereof; and (iii) if the Bank shall have
objected to awards made, or procedures followed, in
respect of one or more of said first five contracts, the
Page  24
additional number of contracts awarded under such
procedures that the Bank shall determine, the procedures
set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply.  Where payments for such
contracts are to be made out of the Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished
to the Bank prior to making of the first payment out of
the Special Account in respect of such contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix I to the Guidelines shall
apply.  Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3
shall be furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to
be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to
this Agreement.
     (c)  The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs
(a) and
(b) shall not apply to contracts on account of which the
Bank has authorized withdrawals from the Loan Account on
the basis of statements of expenditure.  Such contract
shall be retained in accordance with Section 4.01 (d)(ii)
of this Agreement.
2.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix I to the Guidelines.
Section II.Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist the Borrower in the carrying out
of Parts A, B.2, B.3, B.4 and C of the Project, other
than C.4, the Borrower shall employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank.  Such
consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank on the
basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by
World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing
Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
