Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2269 ZA
               (Mining Technical Assistance Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
             ZAMBIA CONSOLIDATED COPPER MINES LIMITED
                        Dated July 24, 1991
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2269 ZA
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 24, 1991 between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and ZAMBIA CONSOLIDATED
COPPER MINES LIMITED (ZCCM).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between the Republic of Zambia (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to fifteen
million six hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 15,600,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition that the Company
agree to undertake such obligations toward the Association as are
set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and ZCCM, part of the proceeds of the credit
provided for under the Development Credit Agreement will be made
available to ZCCM on the terms and conditions set forth in said
Page  2
Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS ZCCM in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so
defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) ZCCM declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out Part
C of the Project with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity
with appropriate administrative, financial, training, technical and
mining practices, and shall provide, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for Part C of the
Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and consultants' services required for Part
C of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to the
Development Credit Agreement.
      Section 2.03. ZCCM shall carry out the obligations set forth
in Sections 9.03 through 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to
insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records
and reports, maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in
respect of the Project Agreement.
      Section 2.04. ZCCM shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, ZCCM shall not take or concur in any action which
would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) ZCCM shall, at the request of the Associa-
tion, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of the Project, the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other
matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   ZCCM shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Credit, or the performance by ZCCM of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                 Management and Operations of ZCCM
      Section 3.01. ZCCM shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial,
technical and mining practices under the supervision of qualified
and experienced management assisted by competent staff in adequate
numbers.
      Section 3.02. ZCCM shall at all times operate and maintain its
plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
Page  3
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial,
technical and mining practices.
      Section 3.03. ZCCM shall take out and maintain with respon-
sible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Association for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as
shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
      Section 3.04. ZCCM shall:
      (a)   not later than December 31, 1992, submit to the
Association for review and comments a draft corporate plan including
performance targets, proposals for phasing down existing mines and
measures to strengthen its financial structure;
      (b)   implement the corporate plan, satisfactory to the
Association beginning with ZCCM's fiscal year 1994; and
      (c)   not later the December 31 of each fiscal year discuss
with the Association the implementation of the corporate plan for
the following fiscal year.
      Section 3.05. ZCCM shall: (a) not later than December 31,
1992, submit to the Association for review and comments its
proposals for (i) joint venturing or selling its under-utilized or
unused assets relating to mining activities; (ii) rationalizing and
divesting all non-mining assets; (iii) improving the performance of
the procurement, materials management and maintenance functions; and
(iv) improving its marketing functions; and (b) not later than
June 30, 1995, implement said proposals, taking into account the
views of the Association.
      Section 3.06. ZCCM shall: (a) not later than December 31,
1992, submit to the Association for review and comments a manpower
and training program for the period 1993-1995; and (b) taking into
account the Association's views, implement said program and complete
it not later than December 31, 1995.
      Section 3.07. ZCCM shall, with effect from the first quarter
of 1992 submit to the Association for its review quarterly progress
reports on the implementation of Part C of the Project. Said
progress reports shall cover, inter alia, the activities of
technical experts and the training activities.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) ZCCM shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   ZCCM shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial state-
                  ments (balance sheets, statements of income and
                  expenses and related statements) for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the Associa-
                  tion;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year (A) certified copies of
                  its financial statements for such year as so
                  audited, and (B) the report of such audit by said
                  auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Association shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
Page  4
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of ZCCM thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of
the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit Agree-
                  ment shall terminate in accordance with its
                  terms; or
           (ii)   the date 20 years after the date of this Agree-
                  ment.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify ZCCM of
this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA),
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      For ZCCM:
            Zambia Consolidated Copper
               Mines Limited
            5309 Dedan Kimathi Road
            P.O. Box 30048
            Lusaka, Zambia
Page  5
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  NCHANGA                    44540
                  Lusaka, Zambia
                                          Telefax:
                                            221057
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of ZCCM, or by ZCCM on behalf of the Borrower
under the Development Credit Agreement, may be taken or executed by
the Chairman and Chief Executive of ZCCM or such other person or
persons as the Company shall designate in writing, and ZCCM shall
furnish to the Association sufficient evidence of the authority and
the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all collec-
tively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Stephen Denning
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                  ZAMBIA CONSOLIDATED COPPER MINES LIMITED
                  By /s/ Francis Kaunda
                                         Authorized Representative
