Page  1
                                                              CONFORMED COPY
                                                         LOAN NUMBER 3838-ME
                             Guarantee Agreement
               (Financial Sector Technical Assistance Project)
                                   between
                            UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                                     and
                    INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                               AND DEVELOPMENT
                             Dated March 9, 1995
                                                        LOAN NUMBER  3838-ME
                             GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
       AGREEMENT, dated March 9, 1995, between UNITED MEXICAN
STATES (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
       WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Naciojnal Financiera, S.N.C.
(the Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasibility and
priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in the financing
of the Project; and
       (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between
the Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the
Borrower a loan in various currencies equivalent to twenty-
three million six hundred thousand dollars ($23,600,000), on
the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but
only on condition that the Guarantor agree to guarantee the
obligations of the Borrower in respect of such loan and to
undertake such other obligations as provided in this Agreement;
and
       WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's
entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
so to guarantee such obligations of the Borrower and to
undertake such other obligations as provided in this Agreement;
       NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                                  ARTICLE I
                       General Conditions; Definitions
       Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan
and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985,
with the modifications set forth below (the General Conditions)
constitute an integral part of this Agreement:
       (a)   The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
       (b)   In Section 6.02, subparagraph (k) is relettered as
subparagraph (l) and a new subparagraph (k) is added to read:
             "(k)  An extraordinary situation shall have arisen
       under which any further withdrawals under the Loan would
       be inconsistent with the provisions of Article III,
       Section 3 of the Bank's Articles of Agreement."
       Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the
Preamble to and Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the
respective meanings therein set forth.
                                 ARTICLE II
                        Guarantee; Provision of Funds
       Section 2.01. Without limitation or restriction upon any
of its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the
Guarantor hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor
and not as surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the
principal of, and interest and other charges on, the Loan, and
the premium, if any, on the prepayment of the Loan, and the
punctual performance of all the other obligations of the
Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan Agreement.
       Section 2.02. The Guarantor shall enter into the
contractual arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 (a) of the
Loan Agreement and, except as the Bank may otherwise agree,
shall not amend or fail to enforce any provisions of such
contractual arrangements. The Guarantor shall exercise its
rights under such contractual arrangements in such manner as to
protect the interests of the Guarantor and the Bank and to
accomplish the purposes of the Loan.
       Section 2.03. The Guarantor shall provide, in a timely
manner as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for the Project.
                                 ARTICLE III
                          Execution of the Project
       Section 3.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Loan Agreement and, to this end, without any limitation or
restriction upon any of its other obligations under the
Guarantee Agreement, shall carry out the Project through SHCP
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate financial, administrative, and technical standards
and practices.
       Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, consultants' services and training
required for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Loan shall be governed by the provisions of the Schedule
to this Agreement.
       Section 3.03. The Guarantor, through SHCP, shall carry
out, or cause to be carried out, the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9,09 of the General
Page  3
Conditions (relating respectively to insurance, use of goods
and services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition) with regard to the Project.
       Section 3.04. The Guarantor, through SHCP, shall:
       (a)   ensure that each of the Commissions carries out its
respective Part of the Project in accordance with the
provisions of this Agreement on the basis of an annual workplan
acceptable to the Bank;
       (b)   ensure that each Commission appoints a coordinator to
work closely with SHCP and the Borrower in the administration
of each Commission's Part of the Project; and
       (c)   engage one or more specialized consultant or
consultants to assist with all administrative matters for the
Project and make such consultant or consultants available to
the Commissions and to the unit referred to in Part B of the
Project for the administration of the Project.
       Section 3.05. Without limitation upon the provisions of
Section 9.01 of the General Conditions, the Guarantor, through
SHCP, shall together with the Commissions, the Borrower and the
Bank carry out a Project implementation review on a semi-annual
basis to assess the status of Project implementation, to
evaluate each Commission's Workplan and to determine any needed
modifications to existing Workplans.  The Guarantor, through
SHCP and the Commissions, shall promptly take all such action,
satisfactory to the Bank, as shall be necessary for the
efficient execution of the Project or the achievement of its
objectives if, as a result of any such implementation review,
progress in the execution of the Project or in the achievement
of the objectives of the Project is not satisfactory to the
Bank. In the implementation review to be carried out in the
first semester of 1996 and in the second semester of 1997, the
progress and impact of the Project will be measured on the
basis of indicators acceptable to the Bank.
                                 ARTICLE IV
                             Financial Covenants
       Section 4.01. (a) The Guarantor, through SHCP and the
Commissions, shall maintain records and separate accounts
adequate to reflect, in accordance with sound accounting
practices, the resources and expenditures in connection with
the execution of the Project.
       (b)   The Guarantor shall:
             (i)   have such records and separate accounts
                   referred to in paragraph (a) of this Section
                   for each fiscal year audited, in accordance
                   with generally accepted auditing standards and
                   procedures consistently applied, by independent
                   and qualified auditors;
             (ii)  furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but
                   in any case not later than six months after the
                   end of each such year, a certified copy of the
                   report of such audit by said auditors, all of
                   such scope and in such detail as the Bank shall
                   have reasonably requested; and
            (iii)  furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records and accounts as
                   well as the audit thereof as the Bank
                   shall from time to time reasonably
                   request.
Page  4
       (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on the basis of
statements of expenditures, the Guarantor shall:
             (i)   maintain, in accordance with paragraph (a) of
                   this Section, records and separate accounts
                   reflecting such expenditures;
             (ii)  retain, until at least one year after the Bank
                   has received the audit report for the fiscal
                   year in which the last withdrawal from the Loan
                   Account or payment out of the Special Account
                   was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                   invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                   evidencing such expenditures;
            (iii)  enable the Bank's representatives to
                   examine such records; and
             (iv)  ensure that such records and separate accounts
                   are included in the annual audit referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate
                   opinion by said auditors as to whether the
                   statements of expenditure submitted during such
                   fiscal year, together with the procedures and
                   internal controls involved in their
                   preparation, can be relied upon to support the
                   related withdrawals.
       (d)   For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals were made from the Special Account, the Guarantor
shall provide to the Borrower any information that may be
required by the Borrower to comply with the Borrower's
obligations under Section 4.01 (b) of the Loan Agreement.
                                  ARTICLE V
                 Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
       Section 5.01. The Director General de Credito Publico of
the Guarantor is designated as representative of the Guarantor
for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
       Section 5.02. The following addresses are specified for
the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
       For the Guarantor:
             Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico
             Direccion General de Credito Publico
             Palacio Nacional, Patio Central
             Oficina 4037
             06066 Mexico, D.F., Mexico
                                            Telex:
                                              1777313-SHOCME
       For the Bank:
             International Bank for
               Reconstruction and Development
             1818 H Street, N.W.
             Washington, D.C. 20433
             United States of America
             Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                  248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.            82987 (FTCC)
                                               64145 (WUI) or
                                              197688 (TRT)
Page  5
       IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in Mexico, D.
F., United Mexican States, as of the day and year first above
written.
                               UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                               By /s/ Jose Julian Sidaoui Dib
                                                   Authorized Representative
                               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                                 RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                               By /s/ Shahid Javed Burki
                                                     Regional Vice President
                                             Latin America and the Caribbean
                                  SCHEDULE
                    Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.       Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines), and in
accordance with the following additional procedures:
    (a)      When contract award is delayed beyond the original
bid validity period, such period may be extended once, subject
to and in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 2.59 of
the Guidelines, by the minimum amount of time required to
complete the evaluation, obtain necessary approvals and
clearances and award the contract. The bid validity period may
be extended a second time only if the bidding documents or the
request for extension shall provide for appropriate adjustment
of the bid price to reflect changes in the cost of inputs for
the contract over the period of extension. Such an increase in
the bid price shall not be taken into account in the bid
evaluation. With respect to each contract made subject to the
Bank's prior review in accordance with the provisions of Part
D.1(a) of this Section, the Bank's prior approval will be
required for: (i) a first extension of the bid validity period
if the period of extension exceeds sixty (60) days; and (ii)
any subsequent extension of the bid validity period.
    (b)      In the procurement of goods in accordance with Parts
A and C.1 of this Schedule, the relevant standard bidding
documents issued by the Bank as modified by agreement between
the Guarantor and the Bank dated December 8, 1993 shall be
used, with such modifications thereto as the Bank shall have
agreed to be necessary for the purposes of the Project.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
Page  6
    In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in
Mexico may be granted a margin of preference in accordance
with, and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and
2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix
2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.       Goods estimated to cost the equivalent of $350,000 or
less per contract may be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Bank. Such
procurement shall take place using standard bidding documents
satisfactory to the Bank.
2.  Items or groups of items for goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of less than $100,000 per contract, up to an
aggregate amount equivalent to $750,000, may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations obtained from at least three suppliers eligible
under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable
to the Bank.
Part D:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.       Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and
final contracts:
    (a)      With respect to each contract for goods procured in
accordance with the procedures set forth in Parts A, if any,
and with respect to the first two contracts for goods procured
in accordance with the procedures set forth in Part C.1 of this
Schedule, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for
such contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed
copies of the contract required to be furnished to the Bank
pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Bank
prior to the making of the first payment out of the Special
Account in respect of such contract.
    (b)      With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3
and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where
payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, said procedures shall be modified to ensure that the
two conformed copies of the contract together with the other
information required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to
said paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the Bank as part of the
evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4
to the Loan Agreement.
    (c)      The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b)
shall not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals
are to be made on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.       The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II. Employment of Consultants
1.  In order to assist the Guarantor in carrying out the
Project, the Guarantor shall employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank. Such consultants
shall be selected in accordance with principles and procedures
satisfactory to the Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines for
the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World
Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981
(the Consultant Guidelines). For assignments estimated to cost
Page  7
$500,000 equivalent or more, the Guarantor shall employ such
consultants under contracts using the standard form of contract
for consultants' services issued by the Bank, with such
modifications as shall have been agreed by the Bank. For
assignments estimated to cost less than $500,000 equivalent,
the Guarantor shall use other standard forms agreed with the
Bank.
2.  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this
Section, the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring
prior Bank review or approval of budgets, short lists,
selection procedures, letters of invitation, proposals,
evaluation reports and contracts shall not apply to: (a)
contracts for the employment of consulting firms estimated to
cost less than $100,000 equivalent each; or (b) contracts for
the employment of individuals estimated to cost less than
$50,000 equivalent each. However, this exception to prior Bank
review shall not apply to: (a) the terms of reference for such
contracts; (b) single-source selection of consulting firms; (c)
assignments of a critical nature, as reasonably determined by
the Bank; (d) amendments to contracts for the employment of
consulting firms raising the contract value to $100,000
equivalent or above; or (e) amendments to contracts for the
employment of individual consultants raising the contract value
to $50,000 equivalent or above.
