Page  1
                                                              CONFORMED COPY
                                                       LOAN NUMBER 3838-1-ME
                                                                 (Amendment)
           Agreement Amending Guarantee Agreement
       (Financial Sector Technical Assistance Project)
                           between
                    UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                             and
            INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                       AND DEVELOPMENT
                     Dated June 23, 1995
                                                        LOAN NUMBER 3838-1-ME
                                                                  (Amendment)
           AGREEMENT AMENDING GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated June 23, 1995, between UNITED MEXICAN
STATES (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
     WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and the Bank have entered into
a Guarantee Agreement (Financial Sector Technical Assistance
Project) dated March 9, 1995 (the Guarantee Agreement) for the
guarantee of the obligations of Nacional Financiera, S.C.N.
(the Borrower), as set forth in the Loan Agreement (Financial
Sector Technical Assistance Project) dated March 9, 1995
between the Bank and the Borrower (the Loan Agreement), and for
the further purpose of the Guarantor's undertaking such other
obligations as provided in the Guarantee Agreement;
     (B)  the Borrower has requested the Bank to provide
additional assistance towards the financing of the Project by
increasing the amount made available under the Loan Agreement
by an amount in various currencies equivalent to thirteen
million eight hundred thousand dollars ($13,800,000);
     (C)  by an agreement (the Amending Loan Agreement) of even
date herewith between the Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has
agreed to amend the Loan Agreement to provide such additional
financing, on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Page  2
Amending Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the
Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in
respect of such additional financing and to undertake such
other obligations as set forth in this Agreement; and
     WHEREAS, the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's
entering into the Amending Loan Agreement with the Borrower,
has agreed so to guarantee such obligations of the Borrower and
to undertake such other obligations as provided in this
Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                          ARTICLE I
            Amendments of the Guarantee Agreement
     Section 1.01.  Section 1.01 of the Guarantee Agreement is
amended by adding a subparagraph (c) to read as follows:
     'The second sentence of Section 5.01 is modified to read:
     "Except as the Bank and the Borrower shall otherwise
agree, no withdrawals shall be made: (a) on account of
expenditures in the territories of any country which is not a
member of the Bank or for goods produced in, or services
supplied from, such territories; or (b) for the purpose of any
payment to persons or entities, or for any import of goods, if
such payment or import, to the knowledge of the Bank, is
prohibited by a decision of the United Nations Security Council
taken under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations."
'
     Section 1.02 of the Guarantee Agreement is amended to read
as follows:
     "Unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
     defined in the General Conditions, and in the Preamble to
     and Section 1.02 of the Amending Loan Agreement have the
     respective meanings therein set forth."
     Section 1.03. Section 2.01 of the Guarantee Agreement is
amended to read as follows:
     "Without limitation or restriction upon any of its other
     obligations under the Guarantee Agreement or the Amending
     Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor hereby unconditionally
     guarantees, as primary obligor and not as surety merely,
     the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and
     interest and other charges on, the Loan and the premium,
     if any, on the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual
     performance of all the other obligations of the Borrower,
     all as set forth in the Loan Agreement and the Amending
     Loan Agreement."
     Section 1.04. Section 3.01 of the Guarantee Agreement is
amended to read as follows:
     "The Guarantor declares its commitment to the objectives
     of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Amending
     Loan Agreement and, to this end, without any limitation or
     restriction upon any of its other obligations under the
     Guarantee Agreement and the Amending Guarantee Agreement,
     shall carry out the Project through SHCP with due
     diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
     appropriate financial, administrative, and technical
     standards and practices."
                         ARTICLE II
Page  3
     Section 2.01.  This Amending Guarantee Agreement shall
come into force and effect on the date upon which the Bank
dispatches to the Borrower the notice referred to in Section
2.03 of the Amending Loan Agreement.
     Section 2.02.  If this Amending Guarantee Agreement shall
not have come into force and effect by September 25, 1995, this
Amending Guarantee Agreement and all obligations of the parties
hereunder shall terminate, unless the Bank establishes a later
date for the purposes of this Section.  If this Amending
Guarantee Agreement shall terminate under the provisions of
this Section, the Guarantee Agreement shall continue in full
force and effect, as if this Amending Guarantee Agreement had
not been executed.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Amending Guarantee Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in Mexico, D.F., United Mexican States, as of the day and
year first above written.
                    UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                    By /s/ Guillermo Ortiz
                                    Authorized Representative
                    INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                    By /s/ Shahid Javed Burki
                                      Regional Vice President
