Page  1
                                                            CONFORMED COPY
                                                     CREDIT NUMBER 2833 IN
                        Development Credit Agreement
              (Second State Health Systems Development Project)
                                   between
                                   INDIA
                                    and
                     INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                             Dated April 18, 1996
                                                     CREDIT NUMBER 2833 IN
                         DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 18, 1996, between  INDIA, acting by
its President (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Association has received a letter dated
February 13, 1996, February 15, 1996 and February 8, 1996 from
the State of Karnataka, the State of Punjab and the State of
West Bengal respectively (collectively the Project States),
each such letter describing a program of objectives, policies
and actions to improve the primary and first referral levels of
health care (hereinafter referred to as the Karnataka Health
Sector Development Program, the Punjab Health Sector
Development Program and the West Bengal Health Sector
Development Program, respectively) and declaring the respective
Project State's commitment to carry out its Health Sector
Development Program;
      WHEREAS  (B) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to
the feasibility and priority of the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has requested the Association to
assist in the financing of the Project;
      (C)   relevant parts of the Project will be carried out by
the Project States and the Punjab Health Systems Corporation
with the Borrower's assistance and, as part of such assistance,
Page  2
the Borrower will make available to the Project States and to
the Punjab Health Systems Corporation through the State of
Punjab the proceeds of the Credit as provided in this
Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower
upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and
in the Project Agreement of even date herewith between the
Association of one part and the Project States and the Punjab
Health Systems Corporation of the other part;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                  ARTICLE I
                       General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan
and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985,
with the modifications set forth below (the General Conditions)
constitute an integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)   The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      (b)   The second sentence of Section 5.01 is modified to
read:
            "except as the Bank and the Borrower shall otherwise
            agree, no withdrawals shall be made:  (a) on account
            of expenditures in the territories of any country
            which is not a member of the Bank or for goods
            produced in, or services supplied from, such
            territories; or (b) for the purpose of any payment
            to persons or entities, or for any import of goods,
            if such payment or import, to the knowledge of the
            Association, is prohibited by a decision of the
            United Nations Security Council taken under Chapter
            VII of the Charter of the United Nations."
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the
Preamble to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein
set forth and the following additional terms have the following
meanings:
      (a)   "District Health Committees" means District Health
Committees established in each district of Karnataka and West
Bengal;
      (b)   "DOHFW" means the Department of Health and Family
Welfare of a Project State;
      (c)   "Fiscal Year" or "FY" means the Fiscal Year of the
Borrower, a Project State or PHSC beginning on April 1 of the
calendar year and ending on March 31 of the following calendar
year;
      (d)   "Karnataka" means the Borrower's State of Karnataka,
or any successor thereto;
      (e)   "Ordinance" means the Punjab Health Systems
Corporation Ordinance dated October 20, 1995 promulgated by the
Governor of Punjab for purposes, inter alia, of establishing,
expanding, improving and administering medical care in Punjab,
and includes any subsequent legislation based on the Ordinance;
      (f)   "PHSC" means the Punjab Health Systems Corporation
constituted pursuant to the provisions of the Ordinance by a
notification issued by the Governor of Punjab on February 1,
1996 and effective as of October 20, 1995;
Page  3
      (g)   "Primary Level Health Services" means preventive and
limited curative health services provided by sub-centers,
primary health centers, community health centers and
dispensaries in the Project States;
      (h)   "Project Agreement" means the agreement among the
Association and State of Karnataka and State of Punjab and
State of West Bengal and Punjab Health Systems Corporation of
even date herewith, as the same may be amended from time to
time, and such term includes all schedules and agreements
supplemental to the Project Agreement;
      (i)   "Project States" means Karnataka, West Bengal and
Punjab collectively, and "Project State" means any one of them
individually;
      (j)   "Punjab" means the Borrower's State of Punjab, or any
successor thereto;
      (k)   "Regulations" means the Regulations dated February
15, 1996 issued by PHSC pursuant to the provisions of the
Ordinance for the operation of PHSC and setting forth such
matters as procedures for operation of the Board of PHSC,
personnel policies, procurement policies and procedures,
auditing and accounting arrangements, service improvements
mechanisms and implementation of user charges;
      (l)   "Scheduled Castes" refers to the population groups
specified as "Scheduled Castes" pursuant to Article 341 of the
Constitution of India;
      (m)   "Scheduled Tribes" refers to the population groups
specified as "Scheduled Tribes" pursuant to Article 342 of the
Constitution of India;
      (n)   "Secondary or First Referral Level Health Services"
means clinical, diagnostic and other services provided by
community/rural, sub-divisional/taluka/state general and
district hospitals in the Project States;
      (o)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (p)   "Strategic Planning Cell" means the strategic
planning cell established within DOHFW;
      (q)   "Tertiary Level Health Services" means highly complex
and technical medical services provided by specialized
hospitals in the Project States;
      (r)   "Tribal and Backward Area Development Strategy" means
the strategy dated October 17, 1995 of Karnataka and West
Bengal, satisfactory to the Association, that is aimed, inter
alia, at increasing the demand for, and improving the quality
of medical and hospital services for the Scheduled Tribes in
each such Project State and for the economically disadvantaged
groups in the Sunderbans Area of West Bengal; and
      (s)   "West Bengal" means the Borrower's State of West
Bengal, or any successor thereto.
                                 ARTICLE II
                                 The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
in the Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent to two hundred thirty five million five
hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 235,500,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be
Page  4
withdrawn from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures
made (or, if the Association shall so agree, to be made) in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower may, for the purposes of  the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in the
Reserve Bank of India on terms and conditions satisfactory to
the Association.  Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions
of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be March 31, 2002 or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The
Association shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later
date.
      Section 2.04. (a)  The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a commitment charge on the principal amount of the
Credit not withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by
the Association as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed
the rate of one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date)
to the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by
the Borrower from the Credit Account or canceled; and (ii) at
the rate set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the
accrual date and at such other rates as may be set from time to
time thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a) above.  The rate set
as of June 30 in each year shall be applied from the next date
in that year specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such
places as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii)
without restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the
territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified
in this Agreement for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the
General Conditions or in such other eligible currency or
currencies as may from time to time be designated or selected
pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one per cent
(3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit
withdrawn and outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall
be payable semiannually on March 15 and September 15 in each
year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below,
the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in
semi-annual installments payable on each March 15 and September
15 commencing September 15, 2006 and ending March 15, 2031.
Each installment to and including the installment payable on
March 15, 2016 shall be one and one-fourth percent (1-1/4%) of
such principal amount, and each installment thereafter shall be
two and one-half percent (2-1/2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product
per capita, as determined by the Association, shall have
exceeded $790 in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive
years and (ii) the Bank shall consider the Borrower
creditworthy for Bank lending, the Association may, subsequent
to the review and approval thereof by the Executive Directors
of the Association and after due consideration by them of the
development of the Borrower's economy, modify the terms of
repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
Page  5
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower,
the Association may revise such modification to include, in
lieu of some or all of the increase in the amounts of such
installments, the payment of interest at an annual rate agreed
with the Association on the principal amount of the Credit
withdrawn and outstanding from time to time, provided that, in
the judgment of the Association, such revision shall not change
the grant element obtained under the above-mentioned repayment
modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms
pursuant to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines
that the Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated
significantly, the Association may, if so requested by the
Borrower, further modify the terms of repayment to conform to
the schedule of installments as provided in paragraph (a)
above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America
is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the
General Conditions.
                                 ARTICLE III
                          Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to
the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, and, to this end, without any limitation or
restriction upon any of its other obligations under the
Development Credit Agreement, shall cause the Project States
and PHSC to perform in accordance with the provisions of the
Project Agreement all the respective obligations of the Project
States and PHSC therein set forth, shall take and cause to be
taken all action, including the provision of funds, facilities,
services and other resources, necessary or appropriate to
enable the Project States and PHSC to perform such obligations,
and shall not take or permit to be taken any action which would
prevent or interfere with such performance.
      (b)   The Borrower shall make the proceeds of the Credit
available to the Project States in accordance with the
Borrower's standard arrangements for developmental assistance
to the States of India and, in the case of Punjab, shall ensure
that such proceeds are transferred as part of Punjab's grant
contribution to PHSC in accordance with the provisions of the
Ordinance.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of
Schedule 1 to the Project Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower and the Association hereby
agree that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04,
9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating
to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules,
records and reports, maintenance and land acquisition,
respectively) in respect of  the Project shall be carried out
by the Project States and PHSC pursuant to Section 2.03 of the
Project Agreement.
      Section 3.04.  The Borrower shall participate in the
carrying out of the mid-term review of the Project referred to
in paragraph 12 of Schedule 2 to the Project Agreement.
                                 ARTICLE IV
                             Financial Covenants
Page  6
      Section 4.01. (a) For all expenditures with respect to
which withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the
basis of statements of expenditures, the Borrower shall:
             (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained in
                   accordance with sound accounting practices,
                   records and accounts reflecting such
                   expenditures;
            (ii)   ensure that all records (contracts, orders,
                   invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                   evidencing such expenditures are retained until
                   at least one year after the Association has
                   received the audit report for the fiscal year
                   in which the last withdrawal from the Credit
                   Account was made; and
           (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                   examine such records.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
             (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) (i) of this Section and those for
                   the Special Account for each fiscal year
                   audited, in accordance with appropriate
                   auditing principles consistently applied, by
                   independent auditors acceptable to the Association;
            (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as
                   available, but in any case not later than nine
                   months after the end of each such year the
                   report of such audit by said auditors, of such
                   scope and in such detail as the Association
                   shall have reasonably requested, including a
                   separate opinion by said auditors as to whether
                   the statements of expenditure submitted during
                   such fiscal year, together with the procedures
                   and internal controls involved in their
                   preparation, can be relied upon to support the
                   related withdrawals; and
           (iii)   furnish to the Association such other
                   information concerning said records and
                   accounts and the audit thereof as the
                   Association shall from time to time reasonably
                   request.
                                  ARTICLE V
                         Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   Any Project State or PHSC shall have failed to
perform any of its obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (b)   As a result of events which have occurred after the
date of the Development Credit Agreement, an extraordinary
situation shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that
any Project State or PHSC will be able to perform its
obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (c)   The Ordinance shall have lapsed, or the Ordinance or
the Regulations shall have been amended, suspended, abrogated,
repealed or waived so as to affect materially and adversely the
ability of PHSC to perform any of its obligations under the
Project Agreement.
      (d)   The Borrower, Punjab or any other authority having
jurisdiction shall have taken any action for the dissolution or
Page  7
disestablishment of PHSC or for the suspension of its
operations.
      (e)   An event shall have occurred which shall make it
improbable that the Karnataka Health Sector Development Program
or the Punjab Health Sector Development Program or the West
Bengal Health Sector Development Program or a significant part
of any such Program will be carried out.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   the event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 5.01
of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period
of sixty days after notice thereof shall have been given by the
Association to the Borrower; and
      (b)   the events specified in paragraphs (c) and (d) of
Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                                 ARTICLE VI
                         Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following is specified as an additional
matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association, namely, that the Project
Agreement has been duly authorized or ratified by the Project
States and PHSC respectively, and is legally binding upon each
of them in accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.02. The date ninety (90) days after the date of
this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section
12.04 of the General Conditions.
      Section 6.03. The provisions of Section 5.02 of this
Agreement shall cease and determine on the date on which the
Development Credit Agreement shall terminate or on the date
twenty years after the date of this Agreement, whichever shall
be the earlier.
                                 ARTICLE VII
                 Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Secretary, Additional Secretary, Joint
Secretary, Director, Deputy Secretary or Under Secretary of the
Department of Economic Affairs in the Ministry of Finance of
the Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower
for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for
the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            The Secretary to the Government of India
            Department of Economic Affairs
            Ministry of Finance
            New Delhi, India
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   ECOFAIRS                953-3166175
                   New Delhi
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
Page  8
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                 197688 (TRT),
                   Washington, D.C.        248423 (RCA),
                                            64145 (WUI) or
                                            82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                   INDIA
                   By /s/ N. Valluri
                                                  Authorized Representative
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                   By /s/ Heinz Vergin
                                             Acting Regional Vice President
                                                                 South Asia
                                 SCHEDULE 1
                  Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of
the amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage
of expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                              Amount of the
                            Credit Allocated          % of
                              (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category                SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1) Civil works                                  85%
    (a) Karnataka               21,100,000
    (b) Punjab & PHSC           23,100,000
    (c) West Bengal             35,900,000
(2) Equipment, vehicles,                         100% of foreign
    furniture, medicines,                        expenditures,
    supplies and materials                       100% of local
                                                 expenditures (ex-
    (a) Karnataka              29,800,000        factory cost) and
    (b) Punjab & PHSC          21,000,000        80% of local
    (c) West Bengal            42,900,000        expenditures for
                                                 other items pro-
                                                 cured locally
(3) Consultants'                                 100%
    services, fellowships,
    studies and training
    (a) Karnataka                5,900,000
    (b) Punjab & PHSC            4,800,000
    (c) West Bengal              6,100,000
(4) Incremental salaries,                        90% until December
    and incremental                              31, 1998, 75% until
Page  9
    operations and                               December 31, 2000
    maintenance costs                            and 40% thereafter
    (a) Karnataka               12,100,000
    (b) Punjab & PHSC            6,700,000
    (c) West Bengal              7,400,000
(5)      Unallocated            18,700,000
                               ___________
         TOTAL                 235,500,000
                               ===========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country
other than that of the Borrower;
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied
from the territory of the Borrower;
      (c)   the term "incremental salaries" means salaries in
respect of posts created for the Project on or after May 1,
1995, including in respect of contractual services; and
      (d)   the term "incremental operations and maintenance
costs" means costs incurred under the Project on or after May
1, 1995 for the operations and maintenance of vehicles,
equipment, furniture, buildings and offices.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of  payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement, except that
withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not exceeding the
equivalent of SDR 6,800,000, may be made on account of payments
made for expenditures before that date but on or after May 1,
1995.
4.    The Association may require withdrawals from the Credit
Account to be made on the basis of statements of expenditure
for expenditures for:
      (a)   goods and works under contracts not exceeding the
equivalent of $200,000 and $300,000 respectively, under such
terms and conditions as the Association shall specify by notice
to the Borrower;
      (b)   services under contracts not exceeding $100,000
equivalent for employment of  consulting firms and $50,000
equivalent for employment of individual consultants; and
      (c)   incremental salaries, and incremental operations and
maintenance costs.
                           SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are: (i) to improve
efficiency in the allocation and use of health resources in the
Project States through policy and institutional development;
and (ii) to improve the performance of the health care system
in the Project States through improvements in the quality,
effectiveness and coverage of health services at the first
referral level and selective coverage at the primary level, so
as to improve the health status of the people, especially the
poor, by reducing mortality, morbidity and disability.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to
Page  10
such modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association
may agree upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Management Development and Institutional Strengthening
1.    Improving the institutional framework for policy
development through the establishment of a Strategic Planning
Cell to review and evaluate critical issues in the health
sector, including private health care and insurance, burden of
disease and cost-effectiveness of public health interventions,
medical manpower, cost recovery mechanisms and sectoral
resource allocation patterns.
2.    Strengthening management and implementation capacity
through: (i) provision of physical facilities in Karnataka and
West Bengal; (ii) renovation and expansion of the office
facility of PHSC and DOHFW in Punjab; (iii) provision of
additional staff at the Head Office of DOHFW in Karnataka and
West Bengal; (iv) reorienting the organizational structure of
DOHFW in Karnataka and West Bengal and the PHSC in Punjab; (v)
enhancing and extending the computerized system of data
collection and utilization through the provision of hardware
and software, and consultancy support; (vi) establishing
trained and equipped information cells; (vii) training
management staff in appropriate record keeping; (viii)
introducing a revised medical record keeping system for in-
patients and diagnostic services; and (ix) provision of support
to PHSC for the promotion of health care activities in Punjab
through private and voluntary organizations.
3.    Developing surveillance capacity for major communicable
diseases to cover the identification of cases through, inter
alia, laboratory support, education of health workers and
community involvement, and indexing of cases or isolation of
cases and treatment.
Part B:     Improving Service Quality, Access and Effectiveness
            at the First Referral Level
1.    Renovation and extension of hospitals providing Secondary
or First Referral Level Health Services and construction of
staff quarters.
2.    Strengthening and improving the effectiveness of clinical
and support services at hospitals providing Secondary or First
Referral Level Health Services through, inter alia, (i)
establishment and application of streamlined norms and
standards for technical services, staffing, quality assurance,
contracting out services, and monitoring improvements in the
quality of clinical care; and (ii) provision of training to
strengthen staff skills in clinical and technical areas, to
improve the quality of management services and enhance the
capacity for equipment maintenance; and (iii) provision of
training to enhance management and supervision capabilities of
DOHFW in Karnataka and West Bengal and PHSC in Punjab in
respect of essential operational activities, including
construction and maintenance activities.
3.    Improving the referral mechanism and strengthening
linkages with the Primary Level Health Services and the
Tertiary Level Health Services through, inter alia, (i) the
provision of technical support to improve the quality of care
at the Primary Level Health Services and the Secondary or First
Referral Level Health Services; (ii) establishing and
implementing referral and clinical management protocols; (iii)
formulating and implementing mechanisms to provide greater
access to Secondary Level Health Services and Tertiary Level
Health Services in a timely and effective manner; and (iv)
establishing and implementing an incentive system with
differentiated fees for users and non-users of the referral
mechanism.
Page  11
Part C:     Improving Access to Primary Health Care in Remote and
            Underdeveloped Areas
1.    Renovation and extension of primary health centers
providing Primary Level Health Services in the Sunderbans Area
of West Bengal and establishment and operation of floating
medical units to deliver effective health care in the riverine
areas, including establishment and operation of a wireless
communication system.
2.    Increasing access to primary health care services among
Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe population in Karnataka
through, inter alia, introduction of a system of annual health
check-ups, establishment of health check-up camps,
dissemination of general information related to implementing
the referral mechanisms referred to in Part B (3) hereof and
maintaining records of health check-ups.
                               *  *  *
      The project is expected to be completed by September 30,
2001.
                                 SCHEDULE 3
                               Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1),
(2), (3) and (4) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures
in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services
required for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit allocated from time to time to the eligible
Categories in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $17,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit
Account and deposited into the Special Account pursuant to
paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule, provided, however, that
unless the Association shall otherwise agree, the Authorized
Allocation shall be limited to an amount equivalent to
$8,500,000 until the aggregate amount of withdrawals from the
Credit Account plus the total amount of all outstanding special
commitments entered into by the Association pursuant to Section
5.02 of the General Conditions shall be equal to or exceed the
equivalent of SDR 29,000,000.
2.    (a)   Payments out of the Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with the
provisions of this Schedule.
      (b)   Each payment (including a payment under a letter of
credit) for an eligible expenditure in an amount equal to or
less than the equivalent of $5,500,000  shall be made
exclusively out of the Special Account.  The Association may
from time to time, by notice to the Borrower, revise the
threshold amount specified in the preceding sentence.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory
to it that the Special Account has been duly opened,
withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and subsequent
withdrawals to replenish the Special Account shall be made as
follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests
for deposit into the Special Account of an amount or amounts
Page  12
which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the Authorized
Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests, the
Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount
or amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)    (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   requests for deposits into the Special Account
                   at such intervals as the Association shall
                   specify.
            (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   the documents and other evidence required
                   pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for
                   the payment or payments in respect of which
                   replenishment is requested. On the basis of
                   each such request, the Association shall, on
                   behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
                   Credit Account and deposit into the Special
                   Account such amount as the Borrower shall have
                   requested and as shall have been shown by said
                   documents and other evidence to have been paid
                   out of the Special Account for eligible
                   expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from
the Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories,
and in the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been
justified by said documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association
shall reasonably request, furnish to the Association such
documents and other evidence showing that such payment was made
exclusively for eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have
determined that all further withdrawals should be made by the
Borrower directly from the Credit Account in accordance with
the provisions of Article V of the General Conditions and
paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this Agreement;
      (b)   if the Borrower shall have failed to furnish to the
Association, within the period of time specified in Section
4.01 (b) (ii) of this Agreement, any of the audit reports
required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
Section in respect of the audit of the records and accounts for
the Special Account;
      (c)   if, at any time, the Association shall have notified
the Borrower of its intention to suspend in whole or in part
the right of the Borrower to make withdrawals from the Credit
Account pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.02 of the
General Conditions; or
      (d)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories for the Project, minus the
total amount of all outstanding special commitments entered
into by the Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General
Conditions with respect to the Project, shall equal the
equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories for the Project shall follow such procedures as the
Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such
Page  13
further withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent
that the Association shall have been satisfied that all such
amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the
date of such notice will be utilized in making payments for
eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for
an expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to
paragraph 2 of this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the
evidence furnished to the Association, the Borrower shall,
promptly upon notice from the Association: (A) provide such
additional evidence as the Association may request; or (B)
deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Association shall
so request, refund to the Association) an amount equal to the
amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so eligible
or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise agree, no
further deposit by the Association into the Special Account
shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence or
made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures,
the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association,
refund to the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association,
refund to the Association all or any portion of the funds on
deposit in the Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to
paragraphs 6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be
credited to the Credit Account for subsequent withdrawal or for
cancellation in accordance with the relevant provisions of this
Agreement, including the General Conditions.
