Page  1
                                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                                   CREDIT NUMBER 2833 IN
                              Project Agreement
              (Second State Health Systems Development Project)
                                   between
                    INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                     and
                             STATE OF KARNATAKA
                              STATE OF PUNJAB
                            STATE OF WEST BENGAL
                                    and
                      PUNJAB HEALTH SYSTEMS CORPORATION
                            Dated April 18, 1996
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2833 IN
                           PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 18, 1996, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and THE STATE OF
KARNATAKA, THE STATE OF PUNJAB, THE STATE OF WEST BENGAL,
acting by their respective Governors (the Project States) and
PUNJAB HEALTH SYSTEMS CORPORATION (PHSC).
      WHEREAS (A) the Association has received a letter dated
February 13, 1996, February 15, 1996 and February 8, 1996 from
the State of Karnataka, the State of Punjab and the State of
West Bengal respectively (collectively the Project States),
each such letter describing a program of objectives, policies
and actions to improve the primary and first referral levels of
health care (hereinafter referred to as the Karnataka Health
Sector Development Program, the Punjab Health Sector
Development Program and the West Bengal Health Sector
Development Program, respectively) and declaring the respective
Project State's commitment to carry out its Health Sector
Development Program;
      WHEREAS (B) by the Development Credit Agreement of even
date herewith between India, acting by its President (the
Borrower) and the Association, the Association has agreed to
make available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies
Page  2
equivalent to two hundred thirty five million five hundred
thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 235,500,000), on the terms
and conditions set forth in the Development Credit Agreement,
but only on condition that the Project States and PHSC agree to
undertake such obligations toward the Association as are set
forth in this Agreement;
      WHEREAS the Project States and PHSC, in consideration of
the Association's entering into the Development Credit
Agreement with the Borrower, have agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                  ARTICLE I
                                 Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so
defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                                 ARTICLE II
                          Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) The Project States and PHSC declare
their commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit Agreement, and, to this
end, shall carry out the Project with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate administrative,
financial and health practices, and shall provide, or cause to
be provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph
(a) of this Section and except as the Association and the
Project States and PHSC shall otherwise agree, the Project
States and PHSC shall carry out the Project in accordance with
the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement.
      (c)   Without limitation upon the provision of paragraph
(a) of this Section, Punjab shall promptly make available the
proceeds of the Credit received from the Borrower to PHSC as
part of its grant contribution in accordance with the
provisions of the Ordinance.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. (a) The Project States and PHSC shall carry
out the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05,
9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to
insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules,
records and reports, maintenance and land acquisition,
respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement and  the
Project.
      (b)   For the purposes of Section 9.07 of the General
Conditions, and without limitation thereto, the Project States
and PHSC shall:
             (i)   prepare, on the basis of guidelines acceptable
                   to the Association and furnish to the
                   Association not later than six (6) months after
                   the Closing Date or such later date as may be
                   agreed for this purpose between the Association
Page  3
                   and the Project States and PHSC, a plan
                   designed to ensure the sustainability of the
                   Project;
            (ii)   afford the Association a reasonable opportunity
                   to exchange views with the Project States and
                   PHSC on said plan; and
           (iii)   thereafter, carry out said plan with due
                   diligence and efficiency and in accordance with
                   appropriate practices, taking into account the
                   Association's comments thereon.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Project States and PHSC shall, at
the request of the Association, exchange views with the
Association with regard to the progress of the Project, the
performance of its obligations under this and other matters
relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   The Project States and PHSC shall promptly inform the
Association of any condition which interferes or threatens to
interfere with the progress of the Project, the accomplishment
of the purposes of the Credit, or the performance by each of
them of its respective obligations under this Agreement.
                                 ARTICLE III
                             Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) The Project States and PHSC shall each
maintain records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices their operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of activities related to their
respective parts of the Project, of the departments or agencies
responsible for carrying out the Project or any part thereof.
      (b)   The Project States and PHSC shall:
             (i)   have records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
                   year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                   auditing principles consistently applied, by
                   independent auditors acceptable to the
                   Association;
            (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as
                   available, but in any case not later than nine
                   months after the end of each such year: (A)
                   certified copies of its financial statements
                   for such year as so audited; and (B) the report
                   of such audit by said auditors, of such scope
                   and in such detail as the Association shall
                   have reasonably requested; and
           (iii)   furnish to the Association such other
                   information concerning said records, accounts
                   and financial statements as well as the audit
                   thereof, as the Association shall from time to
                   time reasonably request.
                                 ARTICLE IV
                        Effective Date; Termination;
                         Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement
becomes effective.
      Section 4.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of
the Association and of the Project States and PHSC thereunder
shall terminate on the earlier of the following two dates:
Page  4
             (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                   Agreement shall terminate in accordance with
                   its terms; or
            (ii)   the date twenty years after the date of this
                   Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in
paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the Association shall
promptly notify the Project States and PHSC of this event.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any
cancellation or suspension under the General Conditions.
                                  ARTICLE V
                          Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted
to be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement
between the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in
writing. Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been
duly given or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by
mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which
it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                 197688 (TRT),
                   Washington, D.C.        248423 (RCA),
                                            64145 (WUI) or
                                            82987 (FTCC)
      For the State of Karnataka:
            Chief Secretary to the
            Government of Karnataka
            Bangalore, India
      For the State of Punjab:
            Secretary to the
            Government of Punjab
            Department of Health
            Chandigarh, India
      For the State of West Bengal:
            Chief Secretary to the
            Government of West Bengal
            Calcutta, India
      For Punjab Health Systems Corporation:
            Managing Director
            Punjab Health Systems Corporation
            Chandigarh, India
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be executed,
Page  5
under this Agreement on behalf of the Project States or PHSC,
may be taken or executed by the Chief Secretary in the case of
Karnataka and West Bengal, or the Secretary, Department of
Health in the case of Punjab or the Managing Director in the
case of PHSC or such other person or persons as the respective
Chief Secretary, the Secretary, Department of Health, or the
Managing Director shall designate in writing, and the Project
States and PHSC shall furnish to the Association sufficient
evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                   By /s/ Heinz Vergin
                                             Acting Regional Vice President
                                                                 South Asia
                   STATE OF KARNATAKA
                   STATE OF PUNJAB
                   STATE OF WEST BENGAL
                   PUNJAB HEALTH SYSTEMS CORPORATION
                   By /s/ N. Valluri
                                                  Authorized Representative
                                 SCHEDULE 1
                    Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:    Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     General
      Goods and works shall be procured in accordance with the
provisions of Section I of the "Guidelines for Procurement
under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in
January 1995 (the Guidelines) and the following provisions of
this Section, as applicable.
Part B:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as otherwise provided in Part C of this Section,
goods shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance
with the provisions of Section II of the Guidelines and
Paragraph 5 of Appendix 1 thereto.
2.    The following provisions shall apply to goods to be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with the
provisions of paragraph 1 of this Part B.
      (a)   Grouping of contracts
      To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall be
grouped in bid packages estimated to cost $200,000 equivalent
Page  6
or more each.
      (b)   Preference for domestically manufactured goods
      The provisions of paragraphs 2.54 and 2.55 of the
Guidelines and Appendix 2 thereto shall apply to goods
manufactured in the territory of the Borrower.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Except as provided in paragraphs 2 and 3 hereof, civil
works may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
national competitive bidding procedures in accordance with the
provisions of paragraphs 3.3 and 3.4 of the Guidelines.
2.    Civil works estimated to cost the equivalent of $45,000 or
less per contract, up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the
equivalent of $18,000,000, may be procured: (i)  under lump
sum, fixed price contracts awarded on the basis of quotations
obtained from three qualified domestic contractors in response
to a written invitation.  The invitation shall include a
detailed description of the works, including basic
specifications, the required completion date, a basic form of
agreement acceptable to the Bank, and relevant drawings, where
applicable.  The award shall be made to the contractor who
offers the lowest price quotation for the required work, and
who has the experience and resources to successfully complete
the contract; or (ii) through direct contracting in accordance
with the provisions of paragraph 3.7 of the Guidelines, and in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Association; or
(iii) with the Association's prior agreement, under force
account procedures in accordance with the provisions of
paragraph 3.8 of the Guidelines, provided, however, that civil
works procured under such procedures shall not in the aggregate
exceed $10,000,000.
3.    Except as provided in paragraph 4 hereof, equipment
estimated to cost less than the equivalent of $200,000 per
contract, up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the
equivalent of $12,700,000, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of national competitive bidding
procedures, in accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 3.3
and 3.4 of the Guidelines.
4.    Equipment estimated to cost the equivalent of $50,000 or
less per contract, up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the
equivalent of: (i) $4,200,000, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of international shopping procedures in
accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 3.5 and 3.6 of the
Guidelines; and (ii) $12,700,000, may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of national shopping procedures
in accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 3.5 and 3.6 of
the Guidelines.
5.    Vehicles estimated to cost not more than the equivalent of
$300,000 in the aggregate may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of national shopping procedures in
accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 3.5 and 3.6 of the
Guidelines.
6.    Except as provided in paragraph 7 hereof, medical
laboratory supplies estimated to cost less than the equivalent
of $200,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount not to
exceed the equivalent of: (i) $2,700,000, may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of national competitive bidding
procedures in accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 3.3
and 3.4 of the Guidelines, and (ii) $400,000 may be procured
under contracts awarded on the basis of international shopping
procedures in accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 3.5
and 3.6 of the Guidelines.
7.    Medical laboratory supplies estimated to cost less than
Page  7
the equivalent of $50,000 per contract, up to an aggregate
amount not to exceed the equivalent of $2,300,000 may be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of national
shopping procedures in accordance with the provisions of
paragraphs 3.5 and 3.6 of the Guidelines.
8.    Except as provided in paragraphs 9 and 10 hereof,
medicines, furniture, Management Information
System/Information, Education and Communication (MIS/IEC)
materials and supplies shall be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of national competitive bidding procedures
in accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 3.3 and 3.4 of
the Guidelines.
9.    Medicines estimated to cost less than the equivalent of
$50,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount not to exceed
the equivalent of $1,500,000 may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of international shopping procedures in
accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 3.5 and 3.6 of the
Guidelines.
10.   Medicines, furniture, MIS/IEC materials and other supplies
estimated to cost less than the equivalent of $50,000 per
contract, up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the
equivalent of $3,700,000, $2,800,000, $1,700,000 and
$11,100,000 respectively, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of national shopping procedures in
accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 3.5 and 3.6 of the
Guidelines.
11.   Except as provided in paragraph 12 hereof, maintenance of
buildings and vehicles and equipment may be carried out under
contracts awarded on the basis of national shopping procedures
in accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 3.5 and 3.6 of
the Guidelines.
12.   Maintenance of buildings, and vehicles and equipment which
meet the requirements of paragraphs 3.7 and 3.8 of the
Guidelines and  costing in the aggregate less than the
equivalent of $3,100,000 in the case of buildings and
$7,000,000 in the case of vehicles and equipment, may be
carried out either: (i) through direct contracting; or (ii)
force account, in accordance with the provisions of said
paragraphs 3.7 and 3.8 respectively, of the Guidelines, and in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Procurement Planning
      Prior to the issuance of any invitations to prequalify for
bidding or to bid for contracts, the proposed procurement plan
for the Project shall be furnished to the Association for its
review and approval, in accordance with the provisions of
paragraph 1 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.  Procurement of
all goods and works shall be undertaken in accordance with such
procurement plan as shall have been approved by the
Association, and with the provisions of said paragraph 1.
2.    Prior Review
      With respect to each contract for goods or civil works
estimated to cost more than the equivalent of $200,000 or
$300,000 respectively, the procedures set forth in paragraphs
2 and 3 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
3.    Post Review
      With respect to each contract not governed by paragraph 2
of this Part, the procedures set forth in paragraph 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Page  8
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
1.    Consultants' services shall be procured under contracts
awarded in accordance with the provisions of the "Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the
World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August
1981 (the Consultant Guidelines). For complex, time-based
assignments, such contracts shall be based on the standard form
of contract for consultants' services issued by the Bank, with
such modifications thereto as shall have been agreed by the
Association. Where no relevant standard contract documents have
been issued by the Bank, other standard forms acceptable to the
Bank shall be used.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this
Section, the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring
prior Association review or approval of budgets, short lists,
selection procedures, letters of invitation, proposals,
evaluation reports and contracts, shall not apply to: (a)
contracts for the employment of consulting firms estimated to
cost less than $100,000 equivalent each; or (b) contracts for
the employment of individuals estimated to cost less than
$50,000 equivalent each. However, said exceptions to prior
Association review shall not apply to: (a) the terms of
reference for such contracts; (b) single-source selection of
consulting firms; (c) assignments of a critical nature, as
reasonably determined by the Association; (d) amendments to
contracts for the employment of consulting firms raising the
contract value to $100,000 equivalent or above; or
(e) amendments to contracts for the employment of individual
consultants raising the contract value to $50,000 equivalent or
above.
                                 SCHEDULE 2
                           Implementation Program
1.    Each Project State shall:
      (a)   ensure that within the allocations for the health
sector in each Fiscal Year during the implementation of the
Project the share of resources for Primary and Secondary Levels
of Health Services shall be increased in each such Fiscal Year
until FY 02; and
      (b)   allocate in each Fiscal Year during the
implementation of the Project adequate resources for drugs,
essential supplies, and maintenance of equipment and buildings
at facilities providing First Referral Level Health Services in
accordance with norms agreed to with the Association.
2.    Each Project State shall maintain its Strategic Planning
Cell with adequate staff, resources and terms of reference
acceptable to the Association.
3.    Each Project State and PHSC shall levy user-charges in
district and sub-divisional hospitals in accordance with a
program and time schedule acceptable to the Association, such
program to focus, inter alia, on:  (a) permitting the revenues
collected from user-charges to be retained at the hospital
level; (b)  implementing user charges in a phased manner after
improvements in the quality of basic services and
infrastructure development have been completed; (c) developing
and applying criteria for exempting the poor from user charges;
and (d) strengthening appropriate management and collection
arrangements for maintaining existing user charges, including
the establishment and maintenance of District Health Committees
in Karnataka and West Bengal for collecting such charges.
4.    Punjab and PHSC shall, as the case may be, take all such
measures as may be necessary or required:  (i) to enable PHSC
to carry out its part of the Project; and (ii) to ensure that
Page  9
PHSC undertakes health care activities at the secondary level
in accordance with service delivery norms acceptable to the
Association, and in carrying out other heath care activities
shall ensure that its ability to perform its obligations under
this Agreement as determined, inter alia, from a review of the
progress achieved in implementing the annual work plans and in
meeting the development and performance indicators referred to
in paragraph 9 hereof is not adversely affected.
5.    For purposes of enhancing the quality of health care
services under the Project, each Project State and PHSC shall:
(i) maintain the key headquarters personnel appointed for
purposes of implementing the Project; (ii) appoint and
thereafter maintain key additional personnel with adequate
qualification and experience in accordance with a schedule of
appointment agreed with the Association; (iii) adopt, no later
than six months after completion of the physical improvements
in any hospital under the Project, and thereafter implement,
staffing and technical norms acceptable to the Association; and
(iv) provide on an annual basis adequate funds, satisfactory to
the Association, for the maintenance of previously existing
equipment in health care facilities supported under the
Project.
6.    For purposes of carrying out Part B.3 of the Project as
set forth in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit Agreement,
each Project State and PHSC shall, no later than December 31,
1996: (i) issue appropriate directives to hospitals to
strengthen the management of the referral mechanism between the
Primary, Secondary, and Tertiary Level Health Services; (ii)
establish and thereafter maintain and implement appropriate
referral protocols and clinical management protocols; and (iii)
establish and thereafter maintain and implement an appropriate
incentive system for patients who use the system.
7.    Karnataka and West Bengal shall maintain the District
Health Committees with such staff, resources, powers, functions
and responsibilities so as to enable them to facilitate, inter
alia, the functioning of the referral mechanism, the collection
and distribution of user charges, maintenance of equipment,
waste management, training of technical staff, quality
assurance, surveillance of communicable diseases and the
monitoring and supervision of their respective activities to be
carried out under the Project.
8.    Each Project State shall take all such measures as may be
necessary or required in order to provide, and thereafter
maintain, authority to DOHFW in the case of Karnataka and West
Bengal and to PHSC in the case of Punjab for managing the
activities to be carried out by them under the Project,
including construction and maintenance activities.
9.    Each Project State and PHSC shall:
      (a)   by April 30 of each year during the implementation of
the Project beginning with April 30, 1997:
            (i)    provide to the Association an annual work plan,
                   acceptable to the Association, setting forth
                   the respective activities under the Project to
                   be carried out during the prevailing Fiscal
                   Year including the budgetary allocations to be
                   made available for such purpose, as well as the
                   performance benchmarks and development
                   objectives to be achieved and drawn from the
                   overall framework agreed to be achieved under
                   the Project including, inter alia, hospital
                   activity indicators, hospital efficiency
                   indicators, and quality, access and
                   effectiveness indicators to be measured in
                   accordance with methodology satisfactory to the
                   Association; and
Page  10
            (ii)   review with the Association the progress achieved in
                   implementing the Project under the annual work plan
                   for the previous Fiscal Year and the interim plan
                   referred to in sub-paragraph (c) below of this
                   paragraph (9) with special reference to the
                   achievement of the performance benchmarks and
                   development objectives incorporated therein;
      (b)   implement each annual work plan in a manner
satisfactory to the Association, with the goal, inter alia, of
meeting the performance benchmarks and the development
objectives set forth therein; and
      (c)   implement the Project until the formulation of the
first annual work plan in accordance with an interim plan
agreed with the Association.
10.   Each Project State shall ensure that: (i) its respective
incremental budgetary allocations under the Project for the
Primary, and First Referral Level Health Services for each
Fiscal Year during the implementation of the Project shall be
fully additional to the allocations made in FY 95; and (ii) the
budgetary allocations for the annual work plans and the interim
plan referred to in paragraph 9 hereof are made available on a
timely basis sufficient to meet the resource requirements under
such plans.
11.   Karnataka and West Bengal shall implement the Project in
tribal areas (as designated by each such Project State) and
West Bengal shall implement the Project in the Sunderbans Area
in accordance with the principles, objectives and policies of
the Tribal and Backward Area Development Strategy with emphasis
on: (a) strengthening linkages between Primary, and Secondary
Level Health Services; (b) providing an incentive package to
doctors and other medical staff to work in the tribal areas of
Karnataka and in the Sunderbans Area of West Bengal; (c)
increasing the appropriate utilization of the medical system by
the Scheduled Tribe population; (d) reducing the cost to
Scheduled Tribes of utilizing such system in Karnataka; and (e)
increasing the number of beds at sub-divisional and community
hospitals.
12.   PHSC shall carry out Part A.2 (ix) of the Project in
accordance with procedures and arrangements satisfactory to the
Association.
13.   The Project States and PHSC shall, with the participation
of the Borrower and the Association: (a) jointly carry out by
June 30, 1999 a mid-term review of the Project, including on
management aspects and financial sustainability, under terms of
reference satisfactory to the Association; and (b) carry out
the recommendations of such review in a manner satisfactory to
the Association.
