Page  1
                                                             CONFORMED COPY
                                                        LOAN NUMBER 3359 ME
                   (Mining Sector Restructuring Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                              AND DEVELOPMENT
                                    and
                        COMISION DE FOMENTO MINERO
                            Dated June 26, 1991
                                                        LOAN NUMBER 3359 ME
                           CFM PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 26, 1991 between INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and COMISION DE FOMENTO MINERO
(CFM).
      WHEREAS by an agreement (the Loan Agreement) of even date herewith
between the Bank and Nacional Financiera, S.N.C. (the Borrower), the Bank has
agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies
equivalent to two hundred million dollars ($200,000,000), on the terms and
conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that, inter
alia, CFM agree to undertake such obligations toward the Bank as are set
forth in this Agreement;
      WHEREAS CFM, in consideration of the Bank's entering into the Loan
Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the obligations set
forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                                 ARTICLE I
                                Definitions
      Section 1.01. Wherever used in this Agreement, unless the context
otherwise requires, the several terms defined in Section 1.02 of the Loan
Agreement and the General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project;
                     Management and Operations of CFM
      Section 2.01. CFM declares its commitment to the objectives of the
Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, and, to this end,
shall: (a) as administrator of FFM pursuant to the FFM Agreement, cause Part
A of the Project to be carried out; (b) carry out Part B.5 of the Project;
and (c) conduct its operations and affairs, all with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate financial, administrative and
managerial standards and practices, with adequate personnel and in accordance
with the Operating Guidelines and the Statement of Policies and Financial
Plan.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, procurement of
the goods and works required for Part A of the Project and to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule
4 to the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.03. (a) CFM shall, as administrator of FFM and in its own
capacity, carry out or cause to be carried out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions
(relating, respectively, to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and
schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land acquisition) with regard
to Parts A and B.5 of the Project.
      (b)   CFM shall, for the purposes of the monitoring of the limitation
provided in Part A.2 of Schedule 7 to the Loan Agreement for the financing of
Subprojects, furnish to the Bank: (i) quarterly, starting on September 30,
1991, information on funding granted to each Subproject; and (ii) annually,
starting on June 30, 1992, a composite financial plan for all Subprojects
based upon actual disbursements under Subloans.
      (c)   Without limitation to the provisions of paragraph (a) of this
Section, CFM shall furnish to the Bank annually during the execution of the
Project, starting on January 31, 1992, a report, satisfactory to the Bank, on
the progress of the Project and the accomplishment of the objectives of the
Project, such report to cover, inter alia, the matters to be reviewed during
the annual Project reviews referred to in Section 3.04 of the Guarantee
Agreement.
      Section 2.04. CFM undertakes to participate in the annual Project
reviews referred to in Section 3.04 of the Guarantee Agreement.
      Section 2.05. CFM shall: (a) duly carry out the Problem Portfolio
Program in accordance with the targets and timetable set forth therein; and
(b) without limitation to the provisions of paragraph (a) hereof, make, not
later than September 30, 1991, the loan-loss provisions, satisfactory to the
Bank, necessary to fully write-off nonrecoverable loans.
      Section 2.06. CFM shall: (a) not later than December 31, 1991, furnish
to the Bank, for comments, a study for a five-year business plan for CFM's
beneficiation plants; and (b) not later than June 30, 1992, put such plan
into effect in a manner satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 2.07. CFM shall: (a) not later than September 30, 1991, furnish
to the Bank a study on CFM's organizational structure; and (b) keep the Bank
informed of any proposed modification in CFM's organizational structure.
      Section 2.08. CFM undertakes: (a) to limit its direct financing
operations which are not made through financial institutions to the financing
of short-term working capital needs of SMMs; and (b) cause such direct
Page  3
financing operations not to exceed, on an average annual basis, the following
percentages of total CFM and FFM lending: (i) 25%, for 1991; (ii) 23%, for
1992; (iii) 20%, for 1993; (iv) 17%, for 1994; and (v) 15%, for 1995 and
thereafter.
      Section 2.09. CFM shall duly carry out the Commercial Bank Promotion
Program in accordance with the provisions thereof.
      Section 2.10. The Bank and CFM shall from time to time, at the request
of either party, exchange views through their representatives with regard to
the administration and operations of FFM, and CFM shall furnish to the Bank
all such information as the Bank shall reasonably request concerning FFM's
administration and operations.
                                ARTICLE III
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) CFM shall maintain records and accounts adequate to
reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices its operations and
financial condition, including separate records and accounts reflecting the
resources and expenditures of FFM and CFM in respect of Parts A and B.5 of
the Project, respectively.
      (b)   CFM shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in paragraph (a)
                  above and its financial statements (balance sheets,
                  statements of income and expenses and related statements)
                  for each fiscal year audited, in accordance with generally
                  accepted auditing standards and principles consistently
                  applied, by independent and qualified auditors;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in any case
                  not later than six months after the end of each such year:
                  (A) certified copies of its financial statements for such
                  year as so audited; and (B) the report of such audit by
                  said auditors of such scope and in such detail as the Bank
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information concerning said
                  records and accounts and financial statements as well as
                  the audit thereof, as the Bank shall from time to time
                  reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals from the
Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of expenditure, CFM shall:
            (i)   maintain, or cause to be maintained, in accordance with
                  paragraph (a) of this Section, separate records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, or cause to be retained, until at least one year
                  after the Bank has received the audit report for the fiscal
                  year in which the last withdrawal from the Loan Account or
                  payment out of the Special Account was made, all records
                  (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts and other
                  documents) evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Bank's representatives to examine such records;
                  and
           (iv)   ensure that such separate records and accounts are included
                  in the annual audit referred to in paragraph (b) of this
                  Section and that the report of such audit contains a
                  separate opinion by said auditors as to whether the
                  statements of expenditure submitted during such fiscal
                  year, together with the procedures and internal controls
                  involved in their preparation, can be relied upon to
                  support the related withdrawals.
                                ARTICLE IV
Page  4
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect on the
date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 4.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank and CFM
thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the Loan Agreement shall
terminate.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall continue in
full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation or suspension under
the General Conditions.
                                 ARTICLE V
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to be given
or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the parties
contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it shall be delivered by
hand or by mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which it
is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such party shall have
designated by notice to the party giving such notice or making such request.
The addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                  197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      For CFM:
            Comision de Fomento Minero
            Puente de Tecamachalco 26
            Lomas de Chapultepec
            11000 Mexico, D.F.
            Mexico
                                          Telex:
                                            01-771382 ZINCME
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken, and any
document required or permitted to be executed, under this Agreement on behalf
of CFM may be taken or executed by its Director General, or such other person
or persons as such Director General shall designate in writing, and CFM shall
furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts,
each of which shall be an original, and all collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly
authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in Mexico City, Mexico, as of the day and year first above
written.
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
Page  5
                  By /s/ Rainer B. Steckhan
                                             Acting Regional Vice President
                                            Latin America and the Caribbean
                  COMISION DE FOMENTO MINERO
                  By /s/ Moises Kolteniuk Toyber
                                                  Authorized Representative
                  UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                  By /s/ Alfredo Elias Ayub
                                                           Honorary Witness
