Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3359 ME
               (Mining Sector Restructuring Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                    NACIONAL FINANCIERA, S.N.C.
                        Dated June 26, 1991
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3359 ME
                          LOAN AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 26, 1991, between INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and NACIONAL FINANCIERA,
S.N.C. (the Borrower).
      WHEREAS  (A) United Mexican States (the Guarantor), the
Borrower, Comision de Fomento Minero (CFM) and Consejo de Recursos
Minerales (CRM), having been satisfied as to the feasibility and
priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement,
have requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the Project;
      (B)   by an agreement (the Guarantee Agreement) of even date
herewith between the Guarantor and the Bank, the Guarantor has
agreed to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of
the Loan and to undertake such other obligations as set forth in the
Guarantee Agreement;
      (C)   by an agreement (the CFM Project Agreement) of even date
herewith between the Bank and CFM, CFM has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in the CFM Project Agreement;
      (D)   by an agreement (the CRM Project Agreement) of even date
Page  2
herewith between the Bank and CRM, CRM has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in the CRM Project Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter alia, of the
foregoing, to extend the Loan to the Borrower upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth in Schedule 6 to this Agreement (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Business Plan" means CRM's plan, dated May 30, 1991,
which outlines the policies and objectives of CRM during the period
from 1991 to 1995;
      (b)   "CETES Rate" means the average annual yield, calculated
monthly, on Certificados de la Tesoreria de la Federacion (CETES)
(Federal Treasury Certificates) with maturities of 28 days issued in
the primary market during the month immediately preceding the month
in which such annual yield is calculated (such average to be weighed
by the volume of CETES issued), or such other index reflecting the
cost of funds to the Guarantor as shall be acceptable to the
Guarantor and the Bank;
      (c)   "Commercial Bank Promotion Program" means CFM's
promotion and technical assistance program, set forth in CFM's
letter to the Bank, dated May 30, 1991, designed to increase
commercial bank lending for mining projects, particularly in the
metallic subsector;
      (d)   "Contractual Arrangements" means the contractual
arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 (a) of this Agreement;
      (e)   "DGM" means Direccion General de Minas (General
Directorate of Mines), a department of the Guarantor's Ministry of
Energy, Mines and Parastatal Industry;
      (f)   "FFM" means Fideicomiso de Fomento Minero, of which the
Borrower is trustee pursuant to a Contrato de Fideicomiso between
the Guarantor and the Borrower dated December 18, 1975, as amended
on July 12, 1984 and July 16,1990;
      (g)   "FFM  Agreement" means the agreement, dated May 30,
1991, between FFM and CFM, pursuant to which FFM has empowered CFM
to, and CFM has agreed to, administer the operations of FFM;
      (h)   "Financial Intermediary" means any commercial bank or
other financial institution to which the Borrower, as trustee of
FFM, has made or proposes to make an Intermediary Loan;
      (i)   "Free-limit Subloan" means a Subloan, as so defined,
which qualifies as a free-limit Subloan pursuant to the provisions
of paragraph 2 (b) of Part C of Schedule 7 to this Agreement;
      (j)   "Intermediary Loan" means a loan made or proposed to be
made by the Borrower, as trustee of FFM, to a Financial Intermediary
out of the proceeds of the Loan for purposes of, subsequently,
making Subloans to SMMs;
      (k)   "Intermediary Loan Agreement" means any of the
Page  3
agreements between the Borrower, as trustee of FFM, and a Financial
Intermediary providing for an Intermediary Loan;
      (l)   "LIBOR" means the average rate per annum at which term
deposits in dollars maturing in 3 months are offered in the London
interbank market, at 11:00 a.m. (London time), two business days
prior to the date the rate of interest on the portion in dollars of
the Intermediary Loans is calculated. For this purpose, "business
day" means a day on which dealings in dollar deposits between banks
may be carried on in London, England, and on which banks are open in
Mexico City, Mexico;
      (m)   "Normatividad" means the Normatividad para el Ejercicio
de Creditos Provenientes de Organismos Financieros Internacionales
Destinados a la Banca de Desarrollo y Fondos de Fomento con Apoyos
del Gobierno Federal por Diferenciales Negativos en Tasas de Interes
(Regulations Governing the Use of Loans from International Finance
Institutions to Development Banks and Funds with Assistance from the
Federal Government for Negative Differentials in Interest Rates)
issued by Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico and Secretaria de
Programacion y Presupuesto, both of the Borrower, by means of Oficio
No. 102-B-049, dated November 18, 1988;
      (n)   "Operating Guidelines" means FFM's regulations, dated
May 30, 1991, setting forth the terms, conditions and procedures
applicable to Intermediary Loans and Subloans;
      (o)   "Pesos" means pesos in the currency of the Guarantor;
      (p)   "Problem Portfolio Program" means CFM's program, set
forth in CFM's letter to the Bank, dated May 30, 1991, to recover
payments overdue in its credit operations and to write-off its non-
recoverable loans;
      (q)   "Reglamento" means the Guarantor's Regulation of the Law
Regulating Article 27 of the Guarantor's Constitution with respect
to mining, published in the Official Gazette dated September 27,
1990;
      (r)   "SMM" means either: (i) a small-scale mining enterprise,
with a daily production capacity of less than 200 and 300 tons for
metallic and nonmetallic operations, respectively, and an annual
production value not exceeding the equivalent of $3,000,000; or (ii)
a medium-scale mining enterprise, with a daily production capacity
of less than 2,000 and 2,500 tons and more than 200 and 300 tons for
metallic and nonmetallic operations, respectively, and an annual
production value not exceeding the equivalent of $35,000,000;
      (s)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (t)   "Statement of Policies and Financial Plan" means CFM's
statement and plan, dated May 30, 1991, which sets forth CFM's
policies, objectives and financial forecasts for the period from
1991 to 1995;
      (u)   "Subloan" means a loan made or proposed to be made by a
Financial Intermediary to a SMM for purposes of the carrying out of
a Subproject;
      (v)   "Subloan Agreement" means any of the agreements between
a Financial Intermediary and a SMM providing for a Subloan;
      (w)   "Subproject" means a specific development project to be
carried out by a SMM utilizing the proceeds of a Subloan, consisting
of one or more of the following: investments related to the
development of existing mineral reserves, acquisition of fixed
assets (including, inter alia, pollution control equipment) and
provision of permanent working capital; and
      (x)   "Table" means the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement.
Page  4
                            ARTICLE II
                             The Loan
      Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the Borrower, on the
terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the Loan Agreement,
various currencies that shall have an aggregate value equivalent to
the amount of two hundred million dollars  ($200,000,000), being the
sum of withdrawals of the proceeds of the Loan, with each withdrawal
valued by the Bank as of the date of such withdrawal.
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Loan may be withdrawn from
the Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the Bank shall so
agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and
services required for the Project described in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in Banco de
Mexico on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Bank. Deposits
into, and payments out of, the Special Account shall be made in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1996 or such
later date as the Bank shall establish. The Bank shall promptly
notify the Borrower and the Guarantor of such later date.
      Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a commitment
charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per
annum on the principal amount of the Loan not withdrawn from time to
time.
      Section 2.05. (a) The Borrower shall pay interest on the
principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time to
time, at a rate for each Interest Period equal to the Cost of
Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of the preceding
Semester, plus one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%). On each of the
dates specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower
shall pay interest accrued on the principal amount outstanding
during the preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rate
applicable during such Interest Period.
      (b)   As soon as practicable after the end of each Semester,
the Bank shall notify the Borrower and the Guarantor of the Cost of
Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of such Semester.
      (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    "Interest Period" means a six-month period
                   ending on the date immediately preceding each
                   date specified in Section 2.06 of this
                   Agreement, beginning with the Interest Period in
                   which this Agreement is signed.
            (ii)   "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the cost,
                   as reasonably determined by the Bank and
                   expressed as a percentage per annum, of the
                   outstanding borrowings of the Bank drawn down
                   after June 30, 1982, excluding such borrowings
                   or portions thereof as the Bank has allocated to
                   fund: (A) the Bank's investments; and (B) loans
                   which may be made by the Bank after July 1, 1989
                   bearing interest rates determined otherwise than
                   as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section.
          (iii)    "Semester" means the first six months or the
                   second six months of a calendar year.
      (d)   On such date as the Bank may specify by no less than six
months' notice to the Borrower, paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) (iii) of
Page  5
this Section shall be amended to read as follows:
                   "(a)  The Borrower shall pay interest on the
            principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding
            from time to time, at a rate for each Quarter equal to
            the Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect
            of the preceding Quarter, plus one-half of one percent
            (1/2 of 1%). On each of the dates specified in Section
            2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall pay interest
            accrued on the principal amount outstanding during the
            preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rates
            applicable during such Interest Period."
                   "(b)  As soon as practicable after the end of
            each Quarter, the Bank shall notify the Borrower and the
            Guarantor of the Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined
            in respect of such Quarter."
                   "(c) (iii) `Quarter' means a three-month period
            commencing on January 1, April 1, July 1 or October 1 in
            a calendar year."
      Section 2.06. Interest and other charges shall be payable
semiannually on March 15 and September 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Loan in accordance with the amortization schedule set forth in
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
        Transfer of Loan Proceeds; Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower shall enter into contractual
arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank, with the Guarantor and FFM
and CRM (the Contractual Arrangements), providing, inter alia, for:
            (i)    relending to the Guarantor the proceeds of the
                   Loan (other than those allocated to Categories
                   (2) (b), (3) (b) and (4) of the Table) under the
                   same terms and conditions set forth or referred
                   to in this Agreement;
            (ii)   further onlending by the Guarantor to FFM of the
                   proceeds of the Loan allocated to Category (1)
                   of the Table, in accordance with the
                   Normatividad and under terms and conditions
                   which shall include: (A) funds onlent shall be
                   denominated and repayable either in pesos or in
                   dollars at the option of FFM; (B) the interest
                   rate charged on such funds denominated in pesos
                   shall be the CETES Rate; (C) the interest rate
                   charged on such funds denominated in dollars
                   shall be LIBOR plus one-half of one percentage
                   point; and (D) prin-cipal amounts withdrawn and
                   outstanding shall be repaid semiannually in
                   accordance with the timetable set forth in the
                   Amortization Schedule in Schedule 3 to this
                   Agreement; and
          (iii)    relending to CRM the proceeds of the Loan allo-
                   cated to Categories (2) (b), (3) (b) and (4) of
                   the Table under the same terms and conditions
                   set forth or referred to in this Agreement.
      (b)   Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, the Borrower
shall not change or fail to enforce any provision of the Contractual
Arrangements.
      Section 3.02. (a) The Borrower, as trustee of FFM, shall
relend the proceeds of the Loan allocated to Category (1) of the
Table to Financial Intermediaries, pursuant to Intermediary Loan
Page  6
Agreements, under terms and conditions satisfactory to the Bank
(which shall include those provided in Schedule 7 to this
Agreement), for purposes of subsequently making Subloans to SMMs,
under Subloan Agreements.
      (b)   The Borrower, as trustee of FFM, undertakes that, unless
the Bank shall otherwise agree, Subloans will be made in accordance
with the procedures and on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in Schedule 7 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The Borrower, as trustee of FFM, shall exercise its
rights under the Intermediary Loan Agreements in such manner as: (i)
to protect the interests of the Guarantor, the Bank and FFM; (ii) to
comply with its obligations under this Agreement; and (iii) to
accomplish the purposes of the Loan.
      (d)   If the proceeds accrued to FFM from the repayment of
principal of, and payment of interest and other charges on the
Intermediary Loans are not required for purposes of effecting
payments to the Guarantor pursuant to the Contractual Arrangements,
the Borrower, as trustee of FFM, shall utilize such proceeds
exclusively for making other loans for the same purposes and under
the same terms and conditions as those set forth in respect of
Intermediary Loans under this Agreement.
      (e)   The Borrower, as trustee of FFM, shall cause CFM,
pursuant to the FFM Agreement: (i) to administer the operations of
FFM in respect of Intermediary Loan Agreements; and (ii) to
exercise, on behalf of FFM, all the rights of FFM under the
Intermediary Loan Agreements and in respect of Subprojects.
      Section 3.03. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.04. The Bank and the Borrower hereby agree that the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and
9.09 of the General Conditions (relating, respectively, to
insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records
and reports, maintenance and land acquisition) shall be carried out
by the Guarantor (through DGM), CRM and CFM, as provided in Section
3.06 of the Guarantee Agreement, Section 2.04 of the CRM Project
Agreement and Section 2.03 of the CFM Project Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain, or cause to be
maintained, separate records and accounts for the Special Account
adequate to reflect, in accordance with sound accounting practices,
the resources and expenditures in connection with the execution of
the Project.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have such separate records and accounts referred
                   to in paragraph (a) above for each fiscal year
                   audited, in accordance with generally accepted
                   auditing standards and procedures consistently
                   applied, by independent and qualified auditors;
            (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year, a certified copy of the
                   report of such audit by said auditors, of such
                   scope and in such detail as the Bank shall have
                   reasonably requested;
          (iii)    furnish to the Bank each month certified
                   statements of the Special Account; and
Page  7
           (iv)    furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records and accounts and the
                   audit thereof as the Bank shall from time to
                   time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain, or cause to be maintained, in
                   accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                   separate records and accounts reflecting such
                   expenditures;
            (ii)   retain, or cause to be retained, until at least
                   one year after the Bank has received the audit
                   report for the fiscal year in which the last
                   withdrawal from the Loan Account or payment out
                   of the Special Account was made, all records
                   (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts
                   and other documents) evidencing such
                   expenditures;
            (iii)  enable the Bank's representatives to examine
                   such records; and
            (iv)   ensure that such separate records and accounts
                   are included in the annual audit referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                   together with the procedures and internal
                   controls involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                       Remedies of the Bank
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (1) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   CFM or CRM shall have failed to perform any of their
respective obligations under the CFM Project Agreement or the CRM
Project Agreement;
      (b)   as a result of events which have occurred after the date
of the Loan Agreement, an extraordinary situation shall have arisen
which shall make it improbable that CFM or CRM will be able to
perform their respective obligations under the CFM Project Agreement
or the CRM Project Agreement;
      (c)   the Guarantor or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment
of FFM, CFM or CRM, or for the suspension of the operations of any
of them;
      (d)   the Reglamento shall have been modified or its imple-
mentation shall have been discontinued for any reason so as to
materially and adversely affect, in the opinion of the Bank, the
objectives or the carrying out of the Project; and
      (e)   the FFM Agreement has been amended or terminated and
such amendment or termination shall have materially and adversely
affected, in the opinion of the Bank, the carrying out of Part A of
the Project.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
Page  8
      (a)   any event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 5.01 of
this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of 60
days after notice thereof shall have been given by the Bank to the
Borrower; and
      (b)   any event specified in paragraph (c) or (d) or (e) of
Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Loan Agreement within the
meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the General Conditions, namely, that
the Contractual Arrangements have been entered into among the
Borrower, the Guarantor, FFM and CRM.
      Section 6.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (c) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Bank:
      (a)   that the CFM Project Agreement has been duly authorized
by, and executed and delivered on behalf of, CFM and is legally
binding upon CFM in accordance with its terms;
      (b)   that the CRM Project Agreement has been duly authorized
by, and executed and delivered on behalf of, CRM and is legally
binding upon CRM in accordance with its terms; and
      (c)   that the Contractual Arrangements have been duly
authorized by, and executed and delivered on behalf of, the parties
thereto and are legally binding upon them in accordance with their
terms.
      Section 6.03. The date September 26, 1991 is hereby specified
for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Director Internacional of the Borrower is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
             Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      For the Borrower:
            Direccion Internacional
            Nacional Financiera, S.N.C.
            Plaza NAFINSA, Insurgentes Sur 1971
            Torre Sur, piso 11
            01020 Mexico, D.F.
Page  9
            Mexico
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   NAFIN                     NAFIME 383-1775765
                   Mexico City               Mexico City
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in Mexico City, Mexico, as of the
day and year first above written.
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ Rainer B. Steckhan
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                  Latin America and the Caribbean
                         NACIONAL FINANCIERA, S.N.C.
                         By /s/ Oscar Espinosa Villareal
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
              Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the allocation of the
amounts of the Loan to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category             Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(1)   Goods and                191,500,000100% of amounts
      works under                               disbursed under
      Subprojects                               Intermediary
                                                Loans
(2)   Consultants'                              100%
      services and
      equipment:
      (a)  under Parts B.1,
           B.2 and B.3 of
           the Project           1,288,000
      (b)  under Part B.4
           of the Project        6,417,000
(3)   Operating costs:                          100%
      (a)  under Parts B.1,
           B.2 and B.3 of
           the Project             150,000
      (b)  under Part B.4
           of the Project          395,000
                             Amount of the
Page  10
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category             Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(4)   Works under
      Part B.4 (e) of
      the Project                  250,000      100%
                               ___________
      TOTAL                    200,000,000
                               ===========
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule, the term "operating costs"
means costs essential to the effective implementation of Parts B.1,
B.2, B.3 and B.4 of the Project, such as travel expenses, per diems,
rentals, costs of communications and utilities, insurance, pre-
paration and printing of reports and storage of material.
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no with-
drawals shall be made in respect of payments made for expenditures
prior to the date of this Agreement, except that withdrawals, in an
aggregate amount not to exceed $20,000,000, may be made on account
of payments made for expenditures before that date but after
September 10, 1990.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
     The objectives of the Project are: (a) to support the
Guarantor's program to deregulate its mining sector and to stimulate
private Mexican and foreign investment in such sector, through the
establishment of an appropriate policy and institutional framework;
(b) to create conditions for a broader financial market support to
the mining industry in Mexico; and (c) to help finance the surge in
demand for investment funding by SMMs that is expected to result
from the improved policy and institutional framework for Mexico's
mining sector.
     The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Bank may agree upon
from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:
     Carrying out of Subprojects.
Part B:
1.   Modernization of DGM's system of mining administration and
control, through the establishment of more systematic, automatic and
computerized internal controls and procedures, the elimination of
redundant and unnecessary requirements and the utilization of state
of the art technology, such modernization to require training of
personnel and acquisition and utilization of equipment.
2.   Carrying out of studies: (a) to evaluate the impact of the
Reglamento on investment in mining exploration and exploitation in
Mexico; and (b) to review the possibility of future changes in the
Guarantor's land management policy in order to develop an improved
policy setting for Mexico's mining sector in the medium term.
3.   Issuance of regulations setting forth industry-specific
environmental standards, satisfactory to the Bank, for all projects
in Mexico's mining sector, which will require: (a) training of DGM's
personnel; and (b) carrying out of workshops aimed at raising
awareness of, and explaining, such regulations.
4.   Implementation of preliminary steps for the transformation of
CRM into a modern geologic survey institute, which will require: (a)
acquisition and utilization of laboratory, cartography and
Page  11
geophysical equipment to support CRM's field operations; (b)
acquisition and utilization of software and hardware and provision
of consultants' services for setting up an information network
system; (c) training courses and seminars for CRM's personnel, in
Mexico and abroad; (d) property evaluation visits; and (e) rehabi-
litation of laboratory facilities.
5.   (a)  Improvement of CFM's capacity to evaluate and supervise
mining projects, through the provision of technical assistance and
training to CFM's staff.
     (b)  Strengthening, through training of personnel, of CFM's
capability to provide advice to SMMs on how to deal with potential
environmental problems in Subprojects.
                               * * *
     The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1995.
                            SCHEDULE 3
                       Amortization Schedule
                                       Payment of Principal
     Date Payment Due                  (expressed in dollars)*
On each March 15 and September 15
     beginning March 15, 1997
     through March 15, 2008                   8,335,000
On September 15, 2008                         8,295,000
_____________________________
*    The figures in this column represent dollar equivalents
     determined as of the respective dates of withdrawal. See
     General Conditions, Sections 3.04 and 4.03.
     Premiums on Prepayment
     Pursuant to Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions, the
premium payable on the principal amount of any maturity of the Loan
to be prepaid shall be the percentage specified for the applicable
time of prepayment below:
      Time of Prepayment                   Premium
                                     The interest rate (expressed
                                     as a percentage per annum)
                                     applicable to the Loan on the
                                     day of prepayment multiplied
                                     by:
Not more than three years                  0.18
      before maturity
More than three years but                  0.35
      not more than six years
      before maturity
More than six years but                    0.65
      not more than 11 years
      before maturity
More than 11 years but not                 0.88
      more than 15 years
      before maturity
More than 15 years before                  1.00
      maturity
Page  12
                            SCHEDULE 4
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
      Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in Mexico may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Goods and works for Part B of the Project, estimated to cost
the equivalent of $50,000 or more, but less than the equivalent of
$250,000 per contract, may be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance
with procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
2.    Goods and works for Part B of the Project, estimated to cost
less than the equivalent of $50,000 per contract, may be procured
under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations obtained from at least three suppliers or contractors, as
applicable, eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Bank, provided, however, that the
contracts for works so awarded shall not exceed in the aggregate the
equivalent of $250,000.
3.    Goods and works for Subprojects under Part A of the Project,
estimated to cost the equivalent of $1,500,000 or more, but less
than the equivalent of $5,000,000 per contract, may be procured
under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations solicited from at least three suppliers eligible under
the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to the
Bank.
4.    Goods and works for Subprojects under Part A of the Project,
estimated to cost less than the equivalent of $1,500,000 per
contract, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
established commercial procurement practices satisfactory to the
Bank.
Part D:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to: (i)  each contract awarded pursuant to
the provisions of Part A hereof; (ii) the first three contracts
awarded pursuant to the provisions of Part C.3 hereof; and (iii) the
first three contracts awarded pursuant to the provisions of Part C.1
hereof, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix
1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract
are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract
required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2
(d) shall be furnished to the Bank prior to the making of the first
payment out of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
Page  13
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, said procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Bank has authorized
withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 20% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.   Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Guarantor, through DGM, and CRM in
carrying out Parts B.2 and B.4 of the Project, respectively, they
shall employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms
and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank. Such
consultants shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World
Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                             SCHEDULE 5
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1) and
(2) of the Table;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; provided,
however, that notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 2 (b) of
Part C of Schedule 7 to this Agreement, payments for expenditures to
be financed out of the proceeds of Free-limit Subloans may be made
out of the Special Account before the Bank shall have authorized
withdrawals from the Loan Account in respect thereof. Such
expenditures, however, shall qualify as eligible expenditures only
if the Bank shall subsequently authorize such withdrawals; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $20,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Loan Account and
deposited in the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule. The Borrower shall make withdrawals from the Special
Account for payments of eligible expenditures on the basis of the
evidence that the Bank shall have reasonably determined, and shall
debit the Special Account with the amount in dollars so withdrawn or
with the dollar equivalent of the currency other than dollars in
which the payment was made, determined on the basis of the rate of
exchange between the dollar and such currency in effect: (a) on the
date of each payment, if the withdrawal from the Special Account in
respect of such payment has been made within 90 days from the date
of such payment; or (b) on the date each withdrawal from the Special
Account has been made.
3.     After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to it that
the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Page  14
Borrower shall furnish to the Bank a request or requests for a
deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the
Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests, the
Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan
Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or amounts as
the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Bank requests for
                   deposits into the Special Account at such
                   intervals as the Bank shall specify.
           (ii)    Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank the
                   documents and other evidence required pursuant
                   to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment
                   or payments in respect of which replenishment is
                   requested. On the basis of each such request,
                   the Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                   withdraw from the Loan Account and deposit into
                   the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                   shall have requested and as shall have been
                   shown by said documents and other evidence to
                   have been paid out of the Special Account for
                   eligible expenditures.
      All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the Loan
Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Bank shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Bank such documents and other
evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Bank shall not be required to make further deposits
into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Bank shall have determined that all
further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly from the
Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Article V of the
General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this
Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated
to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any outstanding
special commitment entered into by the Bank pursuant to Section 5.02
of the General Conditions with respect to the Project, shall equal
the equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
      Thereafter, withdrawal from the Loan Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated to the eligible Categories
shall follow such procedures as the Bank shall specify by notice to
the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and
to the extent that the Bank shall have been satisfied that all such
amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date
of such notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an expenditure
or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of this
Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to the
Bank, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank: (A)
provide such additional evidence as the Bank may request; or (B)
deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Bank shall so request,
refund to the Bank) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or
the portion thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless the Bank
shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Bank into theSpecial Account shall be 
Page  15
made until the Borrower has provided such
evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be required to
cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the Borrower
shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank, refund to the Bank such
outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Bank, refund to the
Bank all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the Special
Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Bank made pursuant to paragraphs 6 (a),
(b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Loan Account
for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance with the
relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the General
Conditions.
                            SCHEDULE 6
                Modifications of General Conditions
      For the purpose of this Agreement, the provisions of the
General Conditions are modified as follows:
1.    The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
2.    The words "the Bank may, by notice to the Borrower and the
Guarantor, terminate the right of the Borrower to make withdrawals
with respect to such amount. Upon the giving of such notice, such
amount of the Loan shall be cancelled" set forth at the end of
Section 6.03 are deleted and the following is substituted therefor:
            "or (f) by the date specified in paragraph 2 (c) of Part
      C of Schedule 7 to the Loan Agreement, the Bank shall, in
      respect of any portion of the Loan: (i) have received no
      applications or requests under subparagraphs (a) or (b) of
      said paragraph 2; or (ii) have denied any such applications or
      requests, the Bank may, by notice to the Borrower and CFM (as
      such term is defined in the Loan Agreement), terminate the
      right of the Borrower and CFM to submit such applications or
      requests or to make withdrawals from the Loan Account, as the
      case may be, with respect to such amount or portion of the
      Loan. Upon the giving of such notice, such amount or portion
      of the Loan shall be cancelled."
3.    In Section 6.02, subparagraph (k) is re-lettered as
subparagraph (l) and a new subparagraph (k) is added to read:
                   "(k) An extraordinary situation shall have arisen
            under which any further withdrawals under the Loan would
            be inconsistent with the provisions of Article III,
            Section 3 of the Bank's Articles of Agreements."
                            SCHEDULE 7
                         Lending Policies
Part A:     Terms and Conditions of Subloans
1.    Subloans shall be denominated and repayable in pesos or in
dollars, at the option of the SMM. The specific period of repayment
of a Subloan shall be determined on the basis of the economic life
of the assets to be financed and the SMM's repayment capacity,
provided, however, that: (a) Subloans financing investments in fixed
assets shall have a maximum maturity period of 13 years, including
a grace period of up to 3 years; and (b) Subloans financing per-
manent working capital requirements shall have a maximum maturity
period of 5 years, including a grace period of not more than 1 year.
2.    No Subloan shall be made in an amount superior to 80% of the
Subproject costs, provided, however, that, in the aggregate, the
Subloans shall not exceed 50% of the total costs of Subprojects.
Page  16
3.    No Subloans aggregating more than the equivalent of:
(a) $5,000,000 shall be made for the benefit of any Subproject; and
(b) $10,000,000 shall be made for the benefit of any SMM,
individually or together with its related companies. For purposes of
this paragraph, the term "related companies" means any SMM which
owns, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the equity capital of
the SMM in question or any SMM which has more than 50% of its equity
capital owned, directly or indirectly, by the SMM in question.
Part B:     Terms and Conditions of Intermediary Loans
1.    Intermediary Loans shall be denominated in pesos or in
dollars, at the option of the Financial Intermediary, and shall be
repayable in accordance with amortization schedules substantially in
conformity with the terms of the Subloans financed out of the
proceeds of the respective Intermediary Loan.
2.    The principal amount of Intermediary Loans shall carry
interest: (a) on the portion denominated in pesos, at a rate equal
to the CETES Rate; and (b) on the portion denominated in dollars, at
a rate equal to LIBOR plus one-half of one percentage point, plus,
in the case of both such rates, a margin adequate to cover financial
intermediation costs, including administrative costs, an adequate
return on capital and provision for losses.
Part C:     Procedures for Approval of Subloans
1.    No expenditures for goods or works required for a Subproject
shall be eligible for financing out of the proceeds of the Loan
unless:
      (a)   the Subloan (other than a Free-limit Subloan) for such
Subproject shall have been approved by the Bank and such expen-
ditures shall have been made not earlier than 180 days prior to the
date on which the Bank shall have received the application and
information required under paragraph 2 (a) of this Part C in respect
of such Subloan; or
      (b)   the Subloan for such Subproject shall have been a Free-
limit Subloan for which the Bank has authorized withdrawals from the
Loan Account and such expenditures shall have been made not earlier
than 180 days prior to the date on which the Bank shall have
received the request and information required under paragraph 2 (b)
of this Part C in respect of such Free-limit Subloan. For the
purposes of this Agreement, a Free-limit Subloan shall be a Subloan
for a Subproject in an amount to be financed out of the proceeds of
the Loan which shall not exceed the sum of $1,500,000 equivalent,
when added to any other outstanding amounts financed or proposed to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan for the benefit of the
same SMM or Subproject.
2.    (a)   When presenting a Subloan (other than a Free-limit
Subloan) to the Bank for approval, CFM, as administrator of FFM,
shall furnish to the Bank an application, in form satisfactory to
the Bank, together with: (i) a description of the SMM and an
appraisal of the Subproject, including a description of the
expenditures proposed to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Loan, the calculation of the Subproject's financial rate of return,
which shall be not less than 12%, and a statement (prepared by CFM),
satisfactory to the Bank, on the environmental impact of the
Subproject; (ii) the proposed terms and conditions of the Subloan,
including the schedule of amortization of the Subloan; and (iii)
such other information as the Bank shall reasonably request.
      (b)   Each request by the Borrower for authorization to make
withdrawals from the Loan Account in respect of a Free-limit Sub-
loan shall contain: (i) a summary description of the SMM and the
Subproject, including a description of the expenditures proposed to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the calculation of the
Subproject's financial rate of return, which shall be not less than
12%, and a statement (prepared by CFM), satisfactory to the Bank, on
Page  17
the environmental impact of the Subproject; and (ii) the terms and
conditions of the Subloan, including the schedule of amortization
therefor.
      (c)   Applications and requests made pursuant to the
provisions of subparagraphs (a) and (b) of this paragraph shall be
presented to the Bank on or before June 30, 1995.
Part D:     Rules Applicable to Intermediary Loan Agreements
      Each Intermediary Loan Agreement shall include provisions:
      (a)   requiring the Financial Intermediary to make the
respective Subloan in accordance with the terms set forth in this
Schedule and in the Operating Guidelines;
      (b)   requiring the Financial Intermediary to provide under
the Subloans, out of its own resources, funds additional to those
from the Loan, which shall be equal to at least the following
percentages of the aggregate Subloan amounts during the following
periods: (i) 5%, during the period from July 1, 1992 to June 30,
1993; (ii) 10%, during the period from July 1, 1993 to June 30,
1994; and (iii) 20%, thereafter;
      (c)   requiring the Financial Intermediary to enter into an
agreement with the SMM to which the Financial Intermediary has made
or proposes to make a Subloan containing the terms and conditions
for Subloan Agreements set forth in Part E below and to exercise its
rights under such Agreements in such a manner as to protect at all
times the interests of the Bank, the Guarantor and FFM;
      (d)   ensuring the right of the Bank, the Borrower and CFM, as
administrator of FFM, to obtain all such information as they shall
reasonably request regarding the SMM, the Subproject and the
Subloan; and
      (e)   ensuring the right of the Borrower, as trustee of FFM,
to suspend or terminate the right of the Financial Intermediary to
use the proceeds of the Intermediary Loan upon failure by such
Financial Intermediary to perform its obligations under the
Intermediary Loan Agreement.
Part E:     Rules Applicable to Subloan Agreements
      The Financial Intermediary shall obtain, through the Subloan
Agreement, rights adequate to protect the interests of the Bank, FFM
and the Guarantor, including the right to:
      (a)   require the SMM to carry out and operate the Subproject
with due diligence and efficiency and in accordance with sound
technical, environmental, financial and managerial standards and the
Operating Guidelines, and to maintain adequate records;
      (b)   require that: (i) the goods and works to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Loan shall be procured in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement; and (ii) such goods
and works shall be used exclusively in the carrying out of the
Subproject;
      (c)   visit and examine, by itself or jointly with repre-
sentatives of the Bank, if the Bank shall so request, such goods and
the sites, works, plants and construction included in the Subproject
and the operation thereof, and any relevant records and documents;
      (d)   require that: (i) the SMM shall take out and maintain
with responsible insurers such insurance, against such risk and in
such amounts, as shall be consistent with sound business practice;
and (ii) without any limitation upon the foregoing, such insurance
shall cover hazards incident to the acquisition, transportation and
delivery of goods financed out of the proceeds of the Loan to the
place of use or installation, any indemnity thereunder to be made
payable in a currency freely usable by the SMM to replace or repair
Page  18
such goods;
      (e)   obtain all such information as the Bank or CFM, as
administrator of FFM, shall reasonably request relating to the
foregoing and to the administration, operations and financial
condition of the SMM and to the benefits to be derived from the
Subproject; and
      (f)   suspend or terminate the right of the SMM to the use of
the proceeds of the Loan upon failure by such SMM to perform its
obligations under the Subloan Agreement.
