Page  1
                                                             CONFORMED COPY
                                                        LOAN NUMBER 3359 ME
                   (Mining Sector Restructuring Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                              AND DEVELOPMENT
                                    and
                       CONSEJO DE RECURSOS MINERALES
                            Dated June 26, 1991
                                                        LOAN NUMBER
3359 ME
                           CRM PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 26, 1991, between INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and CONSEJO DE RECURSOS MI
NERALES
(CRM).
      WHEREAS by an agreement (the Loan Agreement) of even date herewith
between the Bank and Nacional Financiera, S.N.C. (the Borrower), the Bank has
agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies
equivalent to two hundred million dollars ($200,000,000), on the terms and
conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that, inter
alia, CRM agree to undertake such obligations toward the Bank as are set
forth in this Agreement;
      WHEREAS CRM, in consideration of the Bank's entering into the Loan
Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the obligations set
forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
Page  2
                                Definitions
      Section 1.01. Wherever used in this Agreement, unless the context
otherwise requires, the several terms defined in Section 1.02 of the Loan
Agreement and the General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                   Execution of Part B.4 of the Project;
                     Management and Operations of CRM
      Section 2.01. (a) CRM declares its commitment to the objectives of the
Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, and, to this end,
shall carry out Part B.4 of the Project, and conduct its operation and
affairs, with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
financial, administrative, technical and environmental practices, with
adequate personnel and in accordance with the Business Plan.
      (b)   CRM shall: (i) not later than September 30, 1991, carry out
studies on the adequacy of CRM's laboratory equipment and information network
programs, and submit such studies to the Bank for comments; and (ii) promptly
after the Bank shall have given its comments on such studies, modify, if
recommended by such studies, its Business Plan by incorporating therein any
recommendations (including the Bank's comments thereon) for adjustments in
such laboratory equipment or information network programs.
      (c)   CRM undertakes to participate in the annual Project reviews
referred to in Section 3.04 of the Guarantee Agreement.
      Section 2.02. CRM shall enter into the Contractual Arrangements. Except
as the Bank shall otherwise agree, CRM shall not change or fail to enforce
any provision of the Contractual Arrangements.
      Section 2.03. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, procurement of
the goods and consultants' services required for Part B.4 of the Project and
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the
provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.04. CRM shall carry out the obligations set forth in Sections
9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions (relating,
respectively, to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules,
records and reports and maintenance) with regard to Part B.4 of theProject.
                                ARTICLE III
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) CRM shall maintain records and accounts adequate to
reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices its operations and
financial condition, including separate records and accounts reflecting the
resources and expenditures in respect of Part B.4 of the Project.
      (b)   CRM shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in paragraph (a)
                  above and financial statements (balance sheets, statements
                  of income and expenses and related statements) for each
                  fiscal year audited, in accordance with generally accepted
                  auditing standards and procedures consistently applied, by
                  independent and qualified auditors;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in any case
                  not later than six months after the end of each such year:
                  (A) certified copies of its financial statements for such
                  year as so audited; and (B) the report of such audit by
                  said auditors of such scope and in such detail as the Bank
                  shall have reasonably requested; and 
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information concerning said
                  records and accounts and financial statements as well as
Page  3
                  the audit thereof, as the Bank shall from time to time
                  reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals from the
Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of expenditure, CRM shall:
            (i)   maintain, or cause to be maintained, in accordance with
                  paragraph (a) of this Section, separate records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, or cause to be retained, until at least one year
                  after the Bank has received the audit report for the fiscal
                  year in which the last withdrawal from the Loan Account or
                  payment out of the Special Account was made, all records
                  (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts and other
                  documents) evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Bank's representatives to examine such records;
                  and
           (iv)   ensure that such separate records and accounts are included
                  in the annual audit referred to in paragraph (b) of this
                  Section and that the report of such audit contains a
                  separate opinion by said auditors as to whether the
                  statements of expen- diture submitted during such fiscal
                  year, together with the procedures and internal controls
                  involved in their preparation, can be relied upon to
                  support the related withdrawals.
Section 3.02. The Bank and CRM shall from time to time, at the request of
either party, exchange views through their repre- sentatives with regard to
the administration and operations of CRM, and CRM shall furnish to the Bank
all such information as the Bank shall reasonably request concerning CRM's
administration and operations.
                                ARTICLE IV
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect on the
date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 4.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank and CRM
thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the Loan Agreement shall
terminate.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall continue in
full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation or suspension under
the General Conditions.
                                 ARTICLE V
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to be given
or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the parties
contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it shall be delivered by
hand or by mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which it
is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter 
specified or at such other address as such party shall have
designated by notice to the party giving such notice or making such request.
The addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
Page  4
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                  197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      For CRM:
            Consejo de Recursos Minerales
            Boulevard Felipe Angeles s/n
            Carretera Mexico-Pachuca km. 93.5
            C.P. 42080
            Pachuca, Hidalgo
            Mexico
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken, and any
document required or permitted to be executed, under this Agreement on behalf
of CRM may be taken or executed by its Director General, or such other person
or persons as such Director General shall designate in writing, and CRM shall
furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts,
each of which shall be an original, and all collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly
authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in Mexico City, Mexico, as of the day and year first above
written.
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ Rainer B. Steckhan
                                             Acting Regional Vice President
                                            Latin America and the Caribbean
                  CONSEJO DE RECURSOS MINERALES
                  By /s/ Fernel Arvizu Lara
                                                  Authorized Representative
                  UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                  By /s/ Alfredo Elias Ayub
                                                           Honorary Witness
