Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3359 ME
               (Mining Sector Restructuring Project)
                              between
                       UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                        Dated June 26, 1991
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3359 ME
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 26, 1991, between UNITED MEXICAN STATES
(the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor, Nacional Financiera, S.N.C. (the
Borrower), Comision de Fomento Minero (CFM) and Consejo de Recursos
Minerales (CRM), having been satisfied as to the feasibility and
priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the
Project;
      (B)   by an agreement (the Loan Agreement) of even date
herewith between the Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to
extend to the Borrower a loan in various currencies equivalent to
two hundred million dollars ($200,000,000), on the terms and
conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition
that the Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of the
Borrower in respect of such loan and to undertake such other
Page  2
obligations as provided in this Agreement;
      (C)   by an agreement (the CFM Project Agreement) of even date
herewith between the Bank and CFM, CFM has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in the CFM Project Agreement;
      (D)   by an agreement (the CRM Project Agreement) of even date
herewith between the Bank and CRM, CRM has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in the CRM Project Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, the CFM Project Agreement
with CFM and the CRM Project Agreement with CRM, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower and to undertake such
other obligations as set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth in Schedule 6 to the Loan Agreement (the
General Conditions), constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to and Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. Without limitation or restriction upon any of
its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor
hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not as
surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and
interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on
the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of all the
other obligations of the Borrower, CFM and CRM, all as set forth in
the Loan Agreement, the CFM Project Agreement and the CRM Project
Agreement, respectively.
      Section 2.02. Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the Guarantor
specifically undertakes, whenever there is reasonable cause to
believe that the funds available to CFM or CRM will be inadequate to
meet the estimated expenditures required for the carrying out of the
Project, to make arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank, promptly to
provide CFM or CRM, or cause CFM or CRM, as the case may be, to be
provided with such funds as are needed to meet such expenditures.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) Without limitation to or restriction upon
any of its obligations under this Agreement, the Guarantor declares
its commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth in
Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, and, to this end, shall: (i) take
all measures necessary or appropriate to assist CFM and CRM in
carrying out their respective obligations in the CFM Project
Agreement and the CRM Project Agreement; (ii) not take or permit to
be taken any action which would prevent or interfere with the
performance by CFM and CRM of their respective obligations in such
Agreements; and (iii) through DGM, carry out Parts B.1, B.2 and B.3
of the Project with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity
with appropriate financial, technical, administrative and environ-
mental practices and shall provide, or cause to be provided, in a
Page  3
timely manner, the funds, facilities, services and other resources
required for Parts B.1, B.2 and B.3 of the Project.
      (b)   The Guarantor shall enter into the Contractual Arrange-
ments. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, the Guarantor shall
not change or fail to enforce any provision of the Contractual
Arrangements.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Guarantor, through DGM, shall: (a) carry out
the studies referred to in Part B.2 of the Project, under terms of
reference and within a period of time satisfactory to the Bank, such
terms of reference and period of time to be specified during the
first Project annual review to take place pursuant to Section 3.04
of this Agreement; (b) promptly after the completion of each such
study, furnish it to the Bank for comments; and (c) take into
account the Bank's comments thereon.
      Section 3.04. (a) Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 9.01 of the General Conditions, the Guarantor,
through DGM, and the Bank shall, jointly with CFM and CRM, not later
than February 28 of each year during the execution of the Project,
starting in February  1992, undertake a review of the progress in
the execution and in the achievement of the objectives of the
Project, such review to cover, inter alia: (i) the progress in the
modernization process of CFM, CRM and DGM; (ii) the release to
private investors of land held by Mexico's public sector for
purposes of mining exploration or exploitation; (iii) the progress
in the participation by commercial banks in lending operations for
the mining sector; (iv) the enforcement of environmental standards
for mining projects; (v) the level of investment in the mining
sector; (vi) the adequacy of the interest rates and fees charged
under Subloans; (vii) the carrying out of the technical assistance
component of the Project; and (viii) the economic viability and
overall adequacy of CFM's ore purchasing practices.
      (b)   If any such review referred to in paragraph (a) above
shows that the objectives of the Project are not being achieved or
that the Project is not being carried out as envisaged, the
Guarantor shall, within a reasonable time, take, or cause to be
taken, all such remedial action, satisfactory to the Bank, as shall
be necessary for the achievement of such objectives or for the
efficient carrying out of the Project.
      Section 3.05. The Guarantor, through DGM, shall: (a) not later
than June 30, 1992, issue the environmental regulations referred to
in Part B.3 of the Project; and (b) thereafter, take all necessary
measures to effectively enforce the compliance with such regulations
by the mining industry in the carrying out of mining projects
(including the Subprojects).
      Section 3.06. The Guarantor, through DGM, shall carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of
the General Conditions (relating, respectively, to insurance, use of
goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports and
maintenance) with regard to Parts B.1, B.2 and B.3 of the Project.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Guarantor, through DGM, shall maintain,
or cause to be maintained, separate records and accounts adequate to
reflect, in accordance with sound accounting practices, the
operations, resources and expenditures of DGM in respect of Parts
B.1, B.2 and B.3 of the Project.
Page  4
      (b)   The Guarantor shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section, for each fiscal
                   year audited, in accordance with generally
                   accepted auditing standards and procedures
                   consistently applied, by independent and
                   qualified auditors;
            (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year, a certified copy of the
                   report of such audit by said auditors, of such
                   scope and in such detail as the Bank shall have
                   reasonably requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records and accounts as well as
                   the audit thereof as the Bank shall from time to
                   time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Guarantor shall provide to the Borrower all
records, accounts and information necessary to allow the Borrower to
punctually perform its obligations under Section 4.01 (c) of the
Loan Agreement.
                             ARTICLE V
            Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 5.01. The Director General de Captacion de Credito
Externo of the Guarantor is designated as representative of the
Guarantor for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 5.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Direccion General de Captacion de Credito Externo
            Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico
            Palacio Nacional
            Primer Patio Mariano, piso 4
            Despacho 4037
            06066 Mexico, D.F.
            Mexico
                                           Telex:
                                             1777313 SHDCME
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in Mexico City, Mexico, as of the
day and year first above written.
Page  5
                   UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                   By /s/ Jose Angel Gurria
                                         Authorized Representative
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                     RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                   By /s/ Rainer B. Steckhan
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                   UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                   By /s/ Alfredo Elias Ayub
                                                  Honorary Witness
