Report No. PID10010
Project Name                     West Bank and Gaza-The Palestinian NGO...
Project (II)
Region                           Middle East and North Africa Region
Sector                           Social Assistance
Project ID                       GZSF71040
Borrower(s)                      PALESTINIAN AUTHORITY
Implementing Agency
Address WELFARE ASSOCIATION CONSORTIUM
Environment Category             C
Date PID Prepared                February 20, 2001
Projected Appraisal Date         April 5, 2001
Projected Board Date             June 21, 2001
1. Country and Sector Background
Since the 1960s, and in the absence of a government providing services,
the Palestinian community has primarily relied on NGOs for the provision
of basic services in a wide range of sectors, including health,
agriculture, education, psychological and physical rehabilitation,
community services, and economic development. With the establishment of
the Palestinian Authority in 1994, NGOs have had to adjust their programs
to meet the demands of the new situation. While some NGOs had to phase out
their activities, others had to adjust their service provision to ensure a
complementary role to that of the public sector. Today, NGOs continue to
provide 60t of  primary health care services, manage 42t of the hospitals,
90t of handicapped rehabilitation centers and 95t of preschool education.
They serve more than one million people in agriculture, have rehabilitated
25,000 dunums of land threatened with confiscation, and employ an
estimated 25,000 citizens. NGOs benefit from the experience accumulated
over many years of active involvement in Palestinian development . They
have networks reaching out to some of the poorest groups and most
marginalized areas. They have broad constituencies and they have the
flexibility to adapt swiftly to changing conditions and emergency
situations. The NGOs' response to the latest crisis that erupted in the
West Bank and Gaza in September 2000 is a good illustration. Despite the
historical and key role played by the NGOs in service delivery, it is
believed that the effectiveness of the sector at large is undermined by
many factors. While many of these factors are external (e.g. limited
funding), many of them relate to the overall capacity of the NGOs and
their (ability to transform their role in a way that corresponds to the
changing needs of Palestinian society. The following highlights some of
the issues pertaining to the sector and which this project attempts to
address. (i) reduced funding, resulting in reduced and/or unsustainable
services. (ii) concentration of NGO activities in urban areas while the
population continues to live in rural areas or, as the case is in Gaza, in
camps. (iii) the predominance, still, of a charity approach to services
with inadequate capacity to respond to changing needs through strategic
planning and sustainable solutions.    (iv) the concentration of 50t of
funds available to the NGO sector in the hands of a few NGOs. This



reflects, at least in part, considerable gaps in NGO capacity at different
levels and calls for the need to broaden what is now a rather limited base
of competent and functional NGOs. (v) the continued adoption of classical
training approaches that fail to address the changing capacity needs of
the sector. (vi) absence of mechanisms for information exchange, dialogue
and learning between NGOs, which perpetuates small scale inefficient
schemes and limits the efficiency of the sector and its capacity to grow.
(vii) insufficient coordination between the public sector role in service
delivery and that of the NGO sector and the absence of effective
mechanisms to integrate NGO experience and knowledge in the elaboration of
developmental policiesOverall Government Strategy: During the early years
of its establishment, the PA was generally reluctant to come to terms with
the fact that it is not the sole driving force of development and, as a
result, the relationship between the PA and the NGOs has been
characterized by competition and rivalry. To some extent, the relationship
has seen some improvements in later years and today both the NGOs and the
PA recognize that they have distinct roles to play. Under PNGO I, PA and
NGOs efforts to strengthen their working relationship were encouraged
through an array of joint-activities such as sectoral workshops and
strategic meetings about the Project's achievements and future direction.
The PA was also consulted prior to each grant-award decision to ensure
that projects to be funded would not result in duplication with existing
government programs or contradict national development priorities. It is
worth mentioning that the PA never objected to the award of a grant.
Rather, it has been very supportive of the Project and of its continuation
under PNGO IIIn August 1999, the Ministry of NGO Affairs was established
with a mandate that still needs clarification. The NGO Law enacted in 1999
is, to a large extent, progressive and favorable to the continued
independent growth of the NGO sector. Today, NGOs take part in policy
dialogue along with governmental departments but NGO participation
continues to be ad hoc . As evidenced through the support of the PA to the
PNGO project and by the fairly progressive thrust of the "Strategic
Vision" document adopted by the Ministry of NGO Affairs as its blueprint
for the sector, there seems to be adequate elements to support continued
efforts towards enhancing PA/NGO relations and improving complementarity
between their respective roles. It is to be noted that work on the design
of this project has started as early as the third quarter of 2000, under
circumstances that differed greatly from what currently exists on the
ground in the West Bank and Gaza. The deterioration of the overall
situation, which started in late September, has required many donors to
adjust some of their programs to respond to rising emergency needs. As
described elsewhere in the project, it is unlikely that a continued
situation of emergency will have any implications on the continued
relevance of this proposed project. NGOs have been at the forefront,
responding most swiftly to the basic emergency needs of the affected
Palestinian population. In this context, the need for continued support to
NGOs in their role as service providers will remain most relevant. And
amidst conditions of rising deprivation, the case for this kind of support
cannot be overstated.
2. Objectives
The project aims at strengthening the capacity of NGOs to deliver
sustainable services to poor and marginalized Palestinians, thereby
supporting the overall professional and strategic development of the
Palestinian NGO sector. The project will be implemented as Phase II of The
-2 -



Palestinian NGO Project (PNGO I), whose objectives were to i) deliver
services to the poor using NGOs as delivery mechanisms; ii) to improve the
institutional capacity of NGOs receiving grants under the project; and,
iii) to support efforts by the Palestinian Authority and the Palestinian
NGO sector to strengthen their working relationship, including support for
the development of a positive legal framework for the sector. PNGO II will
be implemented as a comprehensive program of capacity building that is
aimed at addressing the needs of the poor by improving the availability as
well as the quality, impact and sustainability of service provision
schemes to be funded under the project. It will allocate considerable
funding to NGO capacity building as an objective that transcends all
project components and that seeks to support a longer-term transformation
of the NGO sector into one that is dynamic and is able to respond to
changing needs of Palestinian society. The project will try to strike a
balance between current and future needs. It will work on vulnerabilities,
of communities and NGOs, as well as on existing capacities and strengths.
Finally, the project will place special emphasis on the need to put in
place mechanisms that can help attract funding to ensure longer-term
sustainability of project outputs, including for the continued
mobilization of funding for the NGO sector.
3. Rationale for Bank's Involvement
Despite a strong interest, still, on part of donors in the work of the NGO
sector, none of the large ongoing or proposed donor-funded projects in
support of the NGO sector provide the kind of framework offered through
this project for NGOs to participate in the definition of priority areas
as this project does. One of the undermining elements to achieving higher
maturity of the Palestinian NGO sector has been the continued need for
NGOs to continue to define their programs according to donor agendas and
priorities. It is hoped that this project, through its emphasis on
capacity building and learning, will strengthen the NGOs capacity to
acquire new skills of scenario building and strategic planning that are
crucial for the sector's continued growth, sustainability and heightened
appeal to local and international donors.Working with NGO, the Bank has
found yet another means to achieve its objectives of promoting equitable
economic growth, reducing poverty, and protecting the environment. In
fact, NGOs are increasingly involved in Bank's projects and strategic
planning. To date, using proceeds from World Bank loans and credits,
borrowing governments -the Bank's traditional clients- have channeled
grants and loans to 750 NGOs to implement Bank's projects. With the NGO
Project, the Bank has demonstrated its commitment to managed co-financed
projects in WBG and to act as a neutral broker between different interest
groups. It is worth mentioning, that the PNGO I raised much interest in
and outside the World Bank as a unique and most efficient way to rely on
the NGOs' comparative advantage at addressing the needs of the poor and
marginalized. The Project was repeatedly identified as best practice of
civil society involvement and mobilization in setting the development
agenda while encouraging self-reliance and sustainability. This positive
track record will be essential to ensuring the proposed project's
continued success. Furthermore, through this project, the Bank will
continue to have an open channel for bringing to this country/initiative
the lessons learnt from the World Banks' international experience of
partnership with NGOs, through the involvement of peer reviewers in the
design and in other activities of the project (international workshops).
The Bank's recent initiative of establishing a permanent structure for
- 3-



World Bank/NGO dialogue will also enhance the project's opportunities from
drawing on the Bank's networks with International NGOs which should prove
valuable to attracting additional funding to the NGO sector in the WBG.
Finally, as the Bank continues to lead the ongoing work on strategic
policy making, through the CDF and other instruments, it will draw on this
project as an umbrella to further the engagement of NGOs and civil society
in the policy discussions it supports.
4. Description
i) The Block Grants Program: The implementation of 5/6 poverty-focused
programs by Block Grant Managers in partnership with a selected number of
small NGOs/CBOs. The selection of projects will take into account a
pre-selection of a mix of priority sectors, regions and target groups. The
programs will be funded in the range of US$ 1-1.5 million per project. 15t
of project budgets will be allocated to capacity building of NGOs/CBOs
through a comprehensive package of technical and organizational capacity
building.
ii) The Development Grants Program: The implementation of 6 projects by
medium-capacity NGOs that have demonstrated success in managing quality
projects during PNGOP I. The selection of projects will take into account
priorities that were not addressed through the Block Grant The program
will be supported with limited customized institutional support to enable
beneficiary NGOs to "graduate" to higher capacity levels.
iii) Broad Capacity Building Program: Funding will be made available,
partly through strong NGOs/NGO networks, to finance specific projects
intended to promote information exchange and networking; to facilitate a
wider engagement of NGOs in policy discussions of a strategic nature; and
to support mechanisms that strengthen NGO capacity to mobilize funding.
Examples of activities to be supported include a) the establishment of an
NGO website b) the development of a documentation centre; c) funding
seminars, strategic workshops and research studies and analysis of the
role of the sector; and, d) to set up a system of accreditation for
service delivery providers.
iv) a) fees and expenses for project management , including technical
support to the capacity building component; b) audits and evaluation
studies.
5. Financing
Total ( US$m)
Total Project Cost               15
6. Implementation
Implementation Period: June 2001 - June 2004Executing Agency: The Welfare
Association Consortium (WAC) will be sole-sourced for assuming overall
project management responsibility through the structure of the Project
Management Office (PMO). The recommendation for sole-sourcing was made by
the Mid-Term Review team of independent consultants and was endorsed by
the Bank's Aide-Memoire dated January 2000. The approval for sole-sourcing
was granted by the VP on 2 January and was based on prior clearances by
the Procurement and Legal Departments of the Bank (full justification for
sole-sourcing is provided in the approved memo submitted to the VP,
attached as Annex 2).The WAC/PMO will continue to act as, both, the
recipient and administrator of Bank funds. As administrator and overall
coordinator, the PMO will have responsibility for maintaining the
- 4 -



project's special account, payment of contractors, transfer of funds to
recipient NGOs, accounting, auditing, reporting and monitoring of the
project. As the recipient of the grant, the PMO will be accountable for
its management of the funds, in line with World Bank policies and
procedures. The arguments made in favor of this arrangement for Phase I of
the project continue to be relevant and valid: i) the need to protect the
independence" of NGO activity from governmental "control" by entrusting
the management of funds to a non-governmental organization; ii) the need
to protect the neutrality of the project and its decisions from the vested
interest(s) of any one or combination of national NGOs; and, iii) the need
to draw on the credibility and neutrality of a non-political
decision-making structure to facilitate continued non-Bank funding of
projects in Jerusalem. A Broadened Supervisory Board: In exercising its
function as manager and administrator of the project, the WAC/PMO will
report to a Broadened Supervisory Board which will serve as the apex
decision making body for the project. It will set policies for the
management of the fund and will exercise oversight and supervision of the
PMO's operations and activities. The Broadened Supervisory Board will draw
its membership from the NGO networks, civil society, the PA, and the
Welfare Association. The decision to broaden the Supervisory Board to
include NGO representatives and independent civil society members stems
from the need to ensure broader accountability. It is also intended to
enhance the legitimacy and sense of ownership by the NGOs of the project
by establishing a system of governance that is participatory and
inclusive. The criteria and methodology for the selection of the
representatives of the NGO networks and of independent civil society
members needs to be further developed, taking into account leadership
qualities; public trust; professional backgrounds; and, appropriate
technical skills. As per the recommendations of the consultancy report on
the "Governance Committee for the Palestinian Project Management Project":
"The Board members will be expected to share in the collective
responsibility for Board decisions with respect to any complaints arising
from their constituencies. The network representatives must also assume
the additional role of communicating with and providing feedback to their
members". The proposal here to include the PA as a member of the Board is
in line with the overall project objective to enhance dialogue and a
closer working relationship between the two sectors and to ensure more
complementarity in their roles. As the World Bank will continue to have
the right of no objection, it will sit on the meetings of the Supervisory
Board as observer. The PMO, on the other hand, will serve as a Secretariat
to the Board and will continue to perform its technical role as
administrator and provider of expert services. The exact composition of
the Board and whether there is a need for it to work through
sub-committees should be further explored during the Preparation
MissionProposals for working out a practical solution to the issue of
conflict of interest that may arise due to the participation of potential
beneficiaries in the decision making is outlined in the "Consultancy
Report on the Governance Committee of the PMO". These should be carefully
looked into and discussed widely during the Preparation Mission. The
inclusion of independent and respected professionals as members of the
Board will offset, in part, the risk of decisions being subjected to
partisan considerations. The Grant Awarding Process: a) The Block Grant
Program: It is suggested that this project component will fund a mix of
projects that aim at reaching the poor and marginalized, through small
CBOs/NGOs, based on three categories: sectors (e.g. health, agriculture,
- 5 -



education); geographical locations (northern Gaza or southern West Bank);
and target poor or marginalized groups (e.g. disabled persons). The
pre-selection of the regions, sectors and target groups will be the
responsibility of the Supervisory Committee and it will be based on the
PMO's recommendations which will be drawn on prior consultations and
detailed analysis of the needs and priorities (a formal consultation
process to be agreed). Based on eligibility criteria to be further
defined, the PMO will solicit proposals from large NGOs, as Block Grant
Managers, for the pre-selected areas. These proposals will present
thorough assessments and clear action plans that illustrate how they will
benefit the poor and strengthen the capacity of selected NGOs/CBOs through
clear outputs and success. To ensure the effectiveness and efficiency of
the BGM program, organizations eligible and interested in submitting
proposals will be supported with Preparatory Assistance funds to carry out
pre-proposals, pre-investment studies and analysis. Organizations will be
encouraged to submit joint proposals to benefit from a mix of individual
comparative advantages and expertise. The granting of awards under the
Block Grant Manager Scheme, through the suggested competitive process,
will be completed in one round as the grants will be contracted for a
period of a minimum of two years. The technical evaluation of the
proposals will be the responsibility of the PMO, who will put forward
recommendations to the Supervisory Committee for the final selection of
the grants. In the event of a continued need for emergency support to
communities affected by the existing crisis and the associated measures of
closures and restrictions of movement of people and goods, the Block Grant
Program will be reconceived to focus on funding NGOs to implement 5/6
large emergency programs. The selection of projects will be based on an
assessment of needs not covered by other large donor-funded emergency
programs. The approval of projects will continue to be based on project
proposals that aim to fund NGOs/sub-projects linked by a common objective
that is related to emergency. The criteria for selection will have to take
into account the need to provide rapid response, depending on the
area/sector addressed. B) The Development Grant Program: The granting of
the development awards will complement the BGM program and fill gaps
resulting from the pre-selection of areas/sectors under the BGM program.
Based on eligibility criteria to be further established, the PMO would
solicit proposals from specific organizations and will undertake the
technical evaluation, submitting recommendations for the final selection
by the Supervisory Committee. While the duration of these projects is not
expected to extend as long as Block Grants, in light of the limited
funding to be allocated to this component, the awarding of grants will
also be completed in one cycle. C) Broad Capacity Building Program:
Capacity Building Grants will be awarded as part of the third component of
the project, whose target beneficiaries are the "strong" NGOs, the NGO
networks and the NGO sector at large. These NGOs/networks will be
supported to play a key role in hosting mechanisms intended to facilitate
information exchange and learning and to lead efforts intended to promote
policy dialogue and to further study and define the strategic
developmental role of the NGO. While the final approval of these grants
will rest with the Supervisory Board, the responsibility for the
identification of projects to be financed will be the responsibility of
the Capacity Building/Policy Development Sub-Committee. In the event of a
continued need for funding emergency programs, the third capacity building
component will be reduced to release increased funding for Block Grant
Managers to implement emergency projects through smaller NGOs. WAC/PMO
- 6 -



Role and Structure (to be further defined): In line with its redefined
objectives, and as outlined in the foregoing paragraphs, PNGOP II will see
further upward and downward delegation of authority for the approval of
funds to the Supervisory Board and the Block Grant Managers. This will
have clear implications on the structure and role of the PMO. In addition
to its role as the overall coordinator of the project, the PMO will play
an increasingly active role as facilitator and provider of expert
services. Through adjustments in staffing profiles, the PMO will host
in-house expertise in capacity building. The TOR for these expertise will
need to be elaborated and names of potential candidates will have to be
submitted to the World Bank for review and consideration. It is also
proposed that this in-house capacity be complemented with a strong
referral system (to be delegated to one of the consortium partners). The
PMO will also engage more actively in designing and implementing a
longer-term fund-raising strategy for the NGO sector, the capacity for
which will need to be complemented with defined support from the
consortium partners. The PMO will use its existing systems and processes
to manage the various stages of the grant awarding process, as outlined
above. As the new phase of the project will shift its emphasis towards
output management, a recommendation reiterated by several of the studies
and reviews undertaken, the PMO will have to introduce a considerable, but
careful, streamlining of its existing systems and processes. (A full
proposal of how the PMO will re-structure itself to adapt to the new
thrust of the project will be presented based on this PCD and further
consultations) Accounting, financial reporting and auditing arrangements:
PNGO I was funded by the World Bank as a unique project that saw for the
first time the allocation by the Bank of grant funding that was channeled
through an NGO, and not a governmental agency. It was also implemented in
a sector that generated a lot of controversy. For all these reasons, the
project utilized very strict standards of financial management. The PMO
should consult the recommendations of Management Audits and other studies
performed in revising its procedures to ensure that financial soundness
and accountability will be maintained without hindering project progress.
The project will continue to be audited on an annual basis by an
international auditor, the results of which will be made available to the
PA and the public. Monitoring and evaluation arrangements: The regularity
of quarterly reporting by the recipient NGOs to the PMO and by the PMO to
the Bank will be maintained. The quality of reporting will be enhanced by
an increased focus on measuring and capturing impact, as this will be
essential for supporting the focus of the new phase of the project on the
documentation of successful experiences, both to promote a learning
culture and to expand opportunities for resources mobilization. The Bank
will continue to require annual management audits and to condition
replenishments based on the PMO's successful compliance with these
reports' recommendations. An end of project evaluation and impact
assessment will be undertaken, in addition to the periodic Bank procedures
for monitoring and evaluation.
7. Sustainability
The increased emphasis of the proposed project on impact and
sustainability of results reflects a consensus around the need to address
the issue of NGO vulnerability which, in a society that relies heavily on
the NGO sector for basic services, translates into a more important issue
of vulnerability of communities, particularly of the poor and
marginalized. With a modest budget of US$ 15 million, it is considered
-7 -



that impact and sustainability are better served by concentrating funds in
the hands of a few NGOs and by ensuring that the projects implemented
through those NGOs carry enough elements of sustainability. The experience
of the first phase will be extremely valuable in this process as the new
project will have as a reference point in the selection a track record of
NGOs and projects that have demonstrated success and effectiveness. The
data for this analysis will be provided through the impact assessment that
is scheduled to be conducted in August, 2000. Through the Block Grant
Managers Scheme, the project will match the concentration of funds in a
few projects by ensuring that communities are engaged through partnership
with NGOs that are field-based. However, as a departure from the first
phase of the project, the idea of a wider reach out will not be measured
by the number of small NGOs receiving funds but by the degree to which
those NGOs/CBOs are able to engage communities with the necessary support
of more experienced NGOs. This implies that the project has to "drop" the
principle of "a piece for all" which has impacted considerably the outcome
of the first phase of the project. By basing selection on comprehensive
proposals that will define, upfront, outputs, partners, target groups,
success indicators and exit strategies, the project will have a larger,
and much needed, element of certainty as to the results and their
sustainability. The introduction of institutional and technical capacity
building as a core horizontal theme that targets NGOs at all vertical
levels of capacity should serve as an important guard for sustainability.
It is an approach that speaks to the need for transformation of the sector
by placing lead organizations/networks in the forefront. In so doing, the
project tries to i) facilitate the capacity of these lead agencies to be
more inclusive and participatory; and ii) widen the circle of these NGOs
to include medium level NGOs that have potential to be more effective and
instrumental. The proposal of the project to give the strong NGOs/NGO
networks the possibility of leading/hosting projects considered essential
for promoting networking, learning, policy dialogue and information
exchange (e.g. website, documentation centre) will serve as an additional
factor for the sustainability of project outcomes. Finally, with the
proposed idea of broadening the governance board to include stakeholders,
there is an increased opportunity for the project and its structures to be
transformed into a permanent "Palestinian NGO Foundation". The
establishment of a Foundation has been mostly considered for ensuring
continued and longer-term funding for the NGO sector. While this idea has
been long considered, there does not seem to be sufficient consensus, yet,
around it. This has been partly due to the absence, still, of a sense of a
common goal amongst NGOs. But, it is also attributed to the insufficient
sense of ownership by the stakeholders/NGOs of the project and its
structures. The proposed project design with a reconfigured governance
structure at its core may well bring the idea closer to a reality. As an
interim arrangement, the project proposes to establish a capacity within
the PMO to work exclusively on fund-raising for the project.
8. Lessons learned from past operations in the country/sector
Numerous lessons have been learnt from PNGO I and these have been
reflected in the proposed project design. Other important lessons are
summarized below:a) Further Delegation of Authority to BGMs: Inadequate
delegation of authority to the BGMs and the application of lengthy
procedures for approval by the PMO of their grants to smaller NGOs has
curtailed their capacity to be innovative; has often times undermined
their credibility with NGOs; and, has deviated their resources and time
- 8 -



away from capacity building efforts. Accordingly, it is now proposed that
BGMs detail in their initial submissions/proposals their target
beneficiaries, their partners of NGOs, their planned capacity building
efforts and their intended utilization of funds for achieving their
outputs with clear success indicators. The approval, thereafter, of grants
to these NGOs will give them full authority to implement their projects,
with a provision of specific conditions under which they have to refer
back to the PMO for approval/clearance (e.g. major reallocation of
resources). Not only will this enhance the efficiency of the project but
it will also help in establishing criteria, in terms of outputs and
success indicators, against which the project's impact can be assessed. In
line with this new proposal, it is recommended to limit the Bank's no
objection to the granting of the Block Grants and not to the awarding of
grants to smaller NGOs. b) Budgetary Allocations to Capacity Building: It
has been recommended by two of the studies/assessments undertaken that
BGMs allocate a fixed percentage of their budget to capacity building. 15t
has been suggested as a reasonable allocation. In the new design, such a
provision will ensure that the capacity building needs and objectives are
adequately addressed. c) Ceiling on grant amounts to smaller NGOs: The
new design will not place any ceiling on the size of grants to be awarded
to small NGOs as this was seen as a limiting factor in the first phase. d)
Formal training in favor of longer-term accompaniment: Given the large
supply in the market of formal training programs and the assessed
inadequacy of such an approach to learning, it is suggested that this
model be dropped in favor of longer-term accompaniment and the provision
of on-the-job expertise. This will necessitate that contracts with Block
Grant Managers be extended over the full duration of the project and other
capacity building grants be extended up to six months. e) Scrutiny in
favor of support: Reviews and studies have all confirmed that the
over-cautious approach of the PMO and its excessive emphasis on procedures
and processes has undermined the spirit of innovation and accompaniment
that are essential if this project is to contribute to engaging the NGO
sector in a dynamic process of growth. With an increased delegation of
authority this issue will be partly addressed. Additional and
across-the-board streamlining will comply with the recommendations of
various reviews conducted.
9. Program of Targeted Intervention (PTI)     Y
10. Environment Aspects (including any public consultation)
Issues     :  The nature of projects that are likely to be funded
under the project will not involve extensive land acquisition, nor will
they result in involuntary resettlement or affect any known historical or
archaeological sites. All sub-projects will be subject to environmental
screening by the PMO in conformity with guidelines that have been
established by the first phase of the project in the Operational Manual.
Environmental mitigation and monitoring measures will be included in
sub-project design where necessary.
11. Contact Point:
Task Manager
Nigel Roberts
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
9



Washington D.C. 20433
5358+301 Addis Ababa, Ethiopia
12. For information on other project related documents contact:
The InfoShop
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone: (202) 458-5454
Fax:        (202) 522-1500
Web: http:// www.worldbank.org/infoshop
Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain components may
not be necessarily included in the final project.
This PID was processed by the InfoShop during the week ending March 2, 2001.
- 10 -



