Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2384 MOZ
                    (Economic Recovery Credit)
                              between
                      REPUBLIC OF MOZAMBIQUE
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        Dated June 19, 1992
                                           CREDIT NUMBER 2384 MOZ
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 19, 1992, between REPUBLIC OF MOZAMBIQUE
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Association has received a letter of develop-
ment policy dated April 30, 1992 (LDP) from the Borrower describing
a program of actions, objectives and policies designed to achieve
structural adjustment of the Borrower's economy (hereinafter called
the Program), declaring the Borrower's commitment to the execution
of the Program, and requesting assistance from the Association in
the financing of urgently needed imports and services required
during such execution;
      (B)   the Borrower intends to obtain from the Government of
the Swiss Confederation (Switzerland) a non-reimbursable contribu-
tion in an amount of ten million Swiss Francs (SwF 10,000,000) (the
Swiss Contribution) to assist in the financing of the Program on the
terms and conditions set forth in a bilateral agreement (the Swiss
Contribution Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower and
Page  2
Switzerland;
      (C)   Switzerland intends to appoint the Association to
administer the Swiss Contribution in accordance with the provisions
of the Procedural Arrangements, dated May 9, 1990 between Switzer-
land and the Association;
      (D)   the Borrower intends to request additional financing
from other donors in support of the Program; and
      (E)   on the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing, the
Association has decided, in support of the Program, to provide such
assistance to the Borrower by making the Credit in two tranches as
hereinafter provided;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the modifications thereof set forth below (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)   Section 2.01, paragraph 9, shall be modified to read:
                  "'Project' means the imports and other activities
            that may be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
            pursuant to the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Develop-
            ment Credit Agreement.";
      (b)   Section 9.06 (c) shall be modified to read:
                  "(c)   Not later than six months after the
            Closing Date or such later date as may be agreed for
            this purpose between the Borrower and the Association,
            the Borrower shall prepare and furnish to the Associa-
            tion a report, of such scope and in such detail as the
            Association shall reasonably request, on the execution
            of the Program referred to in the Preamble to the
            Development Credit Agreement, the performance by the
            Borrower and the Association of their respective
            obligations under the Development Credit Agreement and
            the accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit."; and
      (c)   the last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "SITC" means the Standard International Trade Classifi-
cation, Revision 3 (SITC, Rev. 3), published by the United Nations
in Statistical Papers, Series M, No. 34/Rev. 3 (1986);
      (b)   "Special Account" means any of the accounts referred to
in Section 2.02 (c) of this Agreement;
      (c)   "Swiss Contribution Account" means the account estab-
lished by Switzerland for the purposes of the Swiss Contribution;
      (d)   "Procedural Arrangements" means the agreement between
the Government of Switzerland and the Association for cooperation in
the cofinancing of specific projects or programs within the
framework of the Eighth Replenishment dated April 9, 1987;
      (e)   "Banco de Mocambique" means the Borrower's Central Bank,
established and operating pursuant to its Statutes, as amended by
Law No. 1/92 (Lei Organica) dated January 3, 1992;
Page  3
      (f)   "Banco Comercial de Mocambique" S.A.R.L (BCM) means the
new commercial banking institution established and operating
pursuant to its Statutes approved by Decree No. 3/92 of the Council
of Ministers of the Borrower dated February 25, 1992; and
      (g)   "Fiscal Year" or "FY" means the Borrower's fiscal year
which runs from January 1 to December 31.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to one hundred thirty-two million Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 132,000,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit and the amounts of
the Swiss Contribution may be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
the Swiss Contribution Account, respectively, in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      (b)   Except as the Association and Switzerland shall
otherwise agree, the allocation and the procedures for withdrawal of
the Swiss Contribution shall be governed mutatis mutandis by the
provisions of the General Conditions.
      (c)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Program,
open and maintain two special deposits accounts in a commercial bank
on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Association including
appropriate protection against set-off, seizure or attachment: (i)
Special Account A in U.S. dollars for the Credit; and (ii) Special
Account B in Swiss Francs for the Swiss Contribution. Deposits into,
and payments out of, the Special Accounts shall be made in accor-
dance with the provisions of Schedules 4 and 5 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1995 or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; (ii) at the rate set
as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at such
other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant to
paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year shall
be applied from the next payment date in that year specified in
Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restric-
tions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower;
and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for the
purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other
eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
Page  4
payable semiannually on April 1 and October 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semiannu-
al installments payable on each April 1 and October 1 commencing
October 1, 2002 and ending April 1, 2032. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on April 1, 2012 shall be one
percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each installment
thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years, and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due consider-
ation by them of the development of the Borrower's economy, modify
the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the Credit
shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 2.09. The Governor of Banco de Mocambique is designat-
ed as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of taking any
action required or permitted to be taken under the provisions of
Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Article V of the General
Conditions.
      (b)   Without limitation or restriction to the foregoing, the
Borrower hereby entrusts Banco de Mocambique with responsibility for
the preparation of withdrawal applications under the Credit and for
the collection of the documents and other evidence to be furnished
to the Association in support of such applications; such withdrawal
applications shall to the extent practicable be consolidated so as
to apply for withdrawal of aggregate amounts of not less than two
hundred fifty thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 250,000)
equivalent.
                            ARTICLE III
                       Particular Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower and the Association shall from
time to time, at the request of either party, exchange views on the
progress achieved in carrying out the Program and the actions
specified in Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      (b)   Prior to each such exchange of views, the Borrower shall
furnish to the Association for its review and comment a report on
the progress achieved in carrying out the Program, in such detail as
the Association shall reasonably request.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and services to be financed out of the
Page  5
proceeds of the Credit or the Swiss Contribution shall be governed
by the provisions of Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. (a) The Borrower shall carry out the following
activities:
            (i)  strengthening of Banco de Mocambique's  depart-
                 ments dealing with: monetary policy; banking
                 supervision and regulation; foreign exchange
                 management; accounting and auditing; legal is-
                 sues; and statistics; and
            (ii) strengthening of the Ministry of Finance's capa-
                 bilities to manage and implement the Borrower's
                 privatization program, including: clarification
                 of the ownership of the enterprises to be privat-
                 ized; valuation of assets of enterprises as going
                 concerns; recommendation of most appropriate
                 method of sale; and preparation of firms' dos-
                 siers for sale.
      (b)   To that end, the Borrower shall employ financial, legal
and banking consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms
and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the Associa-
tion. Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with the
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association on the
basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank
Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published by
the Bank in August 1981.
      Section 3.04. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with consistently maintained sound accounting practices the
expenditures financed out of the proceeds of the Credit and the
Swiss Contribution.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
           (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those for
                  the Special Account for each fiscal year audited,
                  in accordance with appropriate auditing princi-
                  ples consistently applied, by independent audi-
                  tors acceptable to the Association;
          (ii)    furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than nine months after
                  the end of each such year, a certified copy of
                  the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
         (iii)    furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts and the
                  audit thereof as the Association shall from time
                  to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account, or the Swiss Contribution Credit Account
were made on the basis of statements of expenditure, the Borrower
shall:
           (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
          (ii)    retain, until at least one year after the Associ-
                  ation has received the audit report for the
                  fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from the
                  Credit Account or the Swiss Contribution Account
                  was made, all records (contracts, orders, invoic-
                  es, bills, receipts and other documents) evidenc-
Page  6
                  ing such expenditures;
         (iii)    enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
          (iv)    ensure that such records and accounts are includ-
                  ed in the annual audits referred to in paragraph
                  (b) of this Section and that the report of such
                  audit contains a separate opinion by said audi-
                  tors as to whether the statements of expenditure
                  submitted during such fiscal year, together with
                  the procedures and internal controls involved in
                  their preparation, can be relied upon to support
                  the related withdrawals.
                            ARTICLE IV
                  Additional Event of Suspension
      Section 4.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely,
that a situation has arisen which shall make it improbable that the
Program, or a significant part thereof, will be carried out.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 5.01. The following is specified as an additional
matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association, namely, that this Agreement has been
duly ratified by the Borrower's Council of Ministers and is legally
binding upon the Borrower in accordance with its terms.
      Section 5.02. The date one hundred and twenty (120) days after
the date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of
Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
      Section 5.03. In the event that Switzerland or the Association
terminate the functions of the Association pursuant to paragraph 5
of the Procedural Arrangements, the Association shall notify the
Borrower promptly of the date on which Switzerland shall assume the
rights and obligations of the Association under this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE VI
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 6.01. The Governor of Banco de Mocambique of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Banco de Mocambique
            Departamento de Relacaes Internacionais
            Avenida 25 de Setembro 1695
            P.O. Box 423
            Maputo
            Republic of Mozambique
            Cable address:                      Telex:
                  MOBANCO                         6577/8 BMMO
                  Maputo
                                                Facsimile:
Page  7
                                                   29718
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                       Telex:
                  INDEVAS                         197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.                248423 (RCA)
                                                   64145 (WUI) or
                                                   82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  REPUBLIC OF MOZAMBIQUE
                  By /s/ Hipolito Zozimo Patricio
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                           SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawals of the Proceeds of the Credit
                    and the Swiss Contribution
1.    (a)   Subject to the provisions set forth or referred to in
this Schedule, the proceeds of the Credit and the Swiss Contribution
may be withdrawn from the Credit Account and the Swiss Contribution
Account for expenditures made (or, if the Association shall so
agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and
services required during the execution of the Program and to be
financed out of such proceeds. The table below sets forth the
Categories of items to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
and the Swiss Contribution, the allocation of the amounts of the
Credit and the Swiss Contribution to each Category and the percent-
age of expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                                       Amount
                                       of the
                     Amount             Swiss
                     of the            Contri-
                     Credit            bution           % of
                    Allocated         Allocated       Expendi-
                   (Expressed        (Expressed        tures
                     in SDR        in Swiss Franc      to be
     Category      Equivalent)       Equivalent)      Financed
(1) Goods         128,300,000         10,000,000      100% of
                                                      foreign
                                                      expendi-
                                                      tures
Page  8
(2) Consultants'    3,700,000         __________      100%
    services
    including
    audits
                  ___________         __________
         TOTAL    132,000,000         10,000,000
                  ===========         ==========
      (b)   For the purposes of this Schedule, the term "foreign
expenditures" means the expenditures in the currency of any country
other than that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from
the territory of any country other than that of the Borrower.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of Category (1) for:
      (a)   expenditures for goods included in the following SITC
groups or sub-groups, or any successor groups or sub-groups under
future revisions to the SITC, as designated by the Association by
notice to the Borrower:
    Group   Sub-group         Description of Items
      112     --              Alcoholic beverages
      121     --              Tobacco, unmanufactured, tobacco
                              refuse
      122     --              Tobacco, manufactured (whether or not
                              containing tobacco substitutes)
      525      --             Radioactive and associated materials
      667      --             Pearls, precious and semi-precious
                              stones, unworked or worked
      718   718.7             Nuclear reactors, and parts thereof,
                              fuel elements (cartridges), non-irra-
                              diated for nuclear reactors
      897   897.3             Jewelry of gold, silver or platinum
                              group metals (except watches and
                              watch cases) and goldsmiths' or silv-
                              ersmiths' wares (including set gems)
      971     --              Gold, non-monetary (excluding gold
                              ores and concentrates)
      (b)   expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for
goods supplied from the territory of the Borrower;
      (c)   payments made for expenditures for goods prior to the
date of this Agreement, except that withdrawals in an aggregate
amount not exceeding the equivalent of twenty six million four
hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR26,400,000) may be made
on account of payments made four months before the date of this
Agreement;
      (d)   expenditures for goods procured under contracts costing
less than $5,000 equivalent;
      (e)   expenditures for goods supplied under a contract which
any national or international financing institution or agency other
than the Association shall have financed or agreed to finance;
      (f)   expenditures for goods intended for a military or para-
military purpose or for luxury consumption; and
      (g)   expenditures in excess of an aggregate amount equivalent
to: (i) SDR 26,400,000 for petroleum products; and (ii) SDR
26,400,000 for foodstuffs.
Page  9
3.    Withdrawals for expenditures under contracts for the procure-
ment of goods estimated to cost less than $250,000 equivalent may be
permitted by the Association upon the basis of statements of
expenditure under such terms and conditions as the Association shall
specify.
4.    No withdrawal shall be made and no commitment shall be entered
into to pay amounts to or on the order of the Borrower in respect of
expenditures under Category 1 of paragraph 1 of this Schedule, to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit or the Swiss Contribution
after the aggregate of the proceeds of the Credit or the Swiss
Contribution, as the case may be, withdrawn against Category 1 from
the Credit Account or the Swiss Contribution, as the case may be,
and the total amount of such commitments of the Credit or the Swiss
Contribution, as the case may be, shall have reached the equivalent
of: (i) SDR 64,200,000, in the case of the Credit; and (ii)
SwF 5,000,000 in the case of the Swiss Contribution, unless the
Association shall be satisfied, after an exchange of views as
described in Section 3.01 of this Agreement based on evidence
satisfactory to the Association: (a) with the progress achieved by
the Borrower in the carrying out of the Program, (b) that the
actions described in Schedule 3 to this Agreement have been taken
and are satisfactory to the Association, and (c) that the macro-
economic policy framework of the Borrower is consistent with the
objectives of the Program.
5.    If, after the exchange of views described in paragraph 3
above, the Association shall have given notice to the Borrower that
the progress achieved and actions taken are not satisfactory and,
within 90 days after such notice, the Borrower shall not have
achieved progress and taken actions satisfactory to the Association,
then the Association may, by notice to the Borrower, cancel the
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit or any part thereof.
                            SCHEDULE 2
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods
1.    International Competitive Bidding. Contracts for the procure-
ment of goods estimated to cost the equivalent of $1,000,000 or more
each shall be awarded through international competitive bidding in
accordance with procedures consistent with those set forth in
Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985 (the
Guidelines), subject to the following modifications:
      (a)   Paragraph 2.8 of the Guidelines is deleted and the
following is substituted therefor:
      "2.8 Notification and Advertising
      The international community should be notified in a timely
      manner of the opportunity to bid. This will be done by
      advertising invitations to apply for inclusion in a bidder's
      invitation list, to apply for prequalification, or to bid;
      such advertisements should be placed in at least one newspaper
      of general circulation in the Borrower's country and, in
      addition, in at least one of the following forms:
            (i)   a notice in the United Nations publication,
                  Development Forum, Business Edition; or
           (ii)   an advertisement in a newspaper, periodical or
                  technical journal of wide international circula-
                  tion; or
          (iii)   a notice to local representatives of countries
                  and territories referred to in the Guidelines,
                  that are potential suppliers of the goods re-
Page  10
                  quired."
      (b)   The following is added at the end of paragraph 2.21 of
the Guidelines:
            "As a further alternative, bidding documents may require
      the bidder to state the bid price in a single currency widely
      used in international trade and specified in the bidding
      documents."
      (c)   Paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines are deleted.
2.    Limited International Bidding. Goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of $500,000 or more, but less than $1,000,000 may be
procured under contracts awarded through limited international
bidding procedures on the basis of evaluation and comparison of bids
invited from a list of at least three qualified suppliers eligible
under the Guidelines and in accordance with procedures set forth in
Sections I and II of the Guidelines (excluding paragraphs 2.8, 2.9,
2.55 and 2.56 thereof).
3.    Contracts for goods to be procured by the Borrower or by
private entities estimated to cost the equivalent of less than
$500,000 each shall be awarded on the basis of the normal procure-
ment procedures of the purchaser of such goods, which shall include,
inter alia, that three pro-forma invoices be requested from eligible
suppliers from at least two different countries.
4.    Direct Contracting. Proprietary items, equipment and spare
parts may be awarded after direct negotiations with suppliers, in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Association.
5.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraphs 1 and
2 of this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association,
prior to the submission to the Association of the first application
for withdrawal of funds from the Credit Account and the Swiss
Contribution Account in respect of such contract, two conformed
copies of such contract, together with the analysis of the respec-
tive bids and recommendations for award, a description of the
advertising and tendering procedures followed and such other
information as the Association shall reasonably request.
6.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraph 3 of
this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association, prior
to the submission to the Association of the first application for
withdrawal of funds from the Credit Account and the Swiss Contribu-
tion Account in respect thereof, such documentation and information
as the Association may reasonably request to support withdrawal
applications in respect of such contract.
7.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraphs 5 and 6 of this
Schedule, where payments under a contract are to be made out of the
proceeds of any of the Special Accounts, the copies of such contract
or the documentation and the information to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 5 or paragraph
6 of this Schedule, as the case may be, shall be furnished to the
Association as part of the evidence required under paragraph 4 of
Schedule 4 and Schedule 5, respectively, to this Agreement.
8.    The provisions of the preceding paragraphs 5, 6 and 7 shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Association has
authorized withdrawals from the Credit Account and the Swiss
Contribution Account on the basis of statements of expenditure.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Program,
the Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfac-
tory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with the principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consul-
Page  11
tants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing
Agency" published by the Bank in August, 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 3
              Actions Referred to in Paragraph 4 (b)
                  of Schedule 1 to this Agreement
1.    The Borrower has operated during the preceding six months the
revised consolidated market-based system for the allocation of
foreign exchange set forth in the Program in a manner acceptable to
the Association.
2.    The Borrower has: (a) completed the separation of the accounts
of Banco de Mocambique and Banco Comercial de Mocambique, as set
forth in the Program; and (b) finalized a balance sheet for Banco de
Mocambique for 1991.
3.    The Borrower has: (a) adopted regulations satisfactory to the
Association for licensing new banks; and (b) implemented procedures
satisfactory to the Association for the assessment and approval of
applications for banking licenses submitted to Banco de Mocambique
by new banking institutions.
4.    Satisfactory progress has been achieved in the implementation
of the Borrower's privatization program in accordance with the terms
and targets set forth in the Program.
5.    The Borrower has: (a) prepared a three-year investment plan
(FY 1992-1994) and a financial plan (FY 1992-1994) satisfactory to
the Association; and (b) increased its budgetary allocations from
domestic sources in real terms from FY 1992 to FY 1993 by at least:
(i) 1% for education; (ii) 1.5% for agriculture; and (iii) 4.5% for
health.
6.    The Borrower has completed and submitted to the Association a
progress report on land distribution and transfer of land rights to
smallholders and private enterprises through September 30, 1992.
7.    The Borrower has completed and submitted to the Association a
progress report on its financial management action plan, in
accordance with terms and conditions agreed between the Borrower and
the Association.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                         Special Account A
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services under Catego-
ries (1) and (2) of paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement
required for the Program and to be financed out of the proceeds of
the Credit in accordance with the provisions of said  Schedule; and
      (b)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $36,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account
and deposited into the Special Account all pursuant to paragraph 3
(a) of this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Page  12
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association re-
                  quests for deposits into the Special Account at
                  such intervals as the Association shall specify.
            (ii)  Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the Special Account amounts equal in the aggre-
                  gate to the amount requested by the Borrower and
                  shown by said documents and other evidence to
                  have been made out of the Special Account for
                  eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account in the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have
been justified by said documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account or the Swiss Contribution in accordance with
the provisions of Article V of the General Conditions and paragraph
(a) of Section 2.02 of this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit less the
amount of any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions shall
equal the equivalent of the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit shall follow such procedures as the
Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further
withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent that the
Association shall have been satisfied that all such amounts
remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date of such
notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible expendi-
tures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
Page  13
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, after consultation with the Associa-
tion, refund to the Association, all or any portion of the funds on
deposit in the Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraph 6
(a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account, for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
                            SCHEDULE 5
                         Special Account B
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods under Category (1) of
paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement required for the Program
and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Swiss Contribution in
accordance with the provisions of said Schedule; and
      (b)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to SwF 2,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Swiss Contribu-
tion Account and deposited into the Special Account all pursuant to
paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association, as Administrator of the Swiss Contribu-
tion, has received evidence satisfactory to it that the Special
Account have been duly opened, withdrawals of the Authorized
Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the Special
Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Swiss Contribution Account and deposit into the Special Account such
amount or amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association re-
                  quests for deposits into the Special Account at
                  such intervals as the Association shall specify.
            (ii)  Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Swiss Contribution Account and
                  deposit into the Special Account amounts equal in
                  the aggregate to the amount requested by the
                  Borrower and shown by said documents and other
                  evidence to have been made out of the Special
                  Account for eligible expenditures.
Page  14
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Swiss Contribution Account in the respective equivalent amounts, as
shall have been justified by said documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account or the Swiss Contribution in accordance with
the provisions of Article V of the General Conditions and paragraph
(a) of Section 2.02 of this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Swiss Contribu-
tion less the amount of any outstanding special commitment entered
into by the Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General
Conditions shall equal the equivalent of the amount of the Autho-
rized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Swiss Contribution Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Swiss Contribution shall follow
such procedures as the Association shall specify by notice to the
Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and to
the extent that the Association shall have been satisfied that all
such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the
date of such notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any timethat any payment out 
of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, after consultation with the Associa-
tion, refund to the Association, all or any portion of the funds on
deposit in the Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraph 6
(a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Swiss
Contribution Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation
in accordance with the relevant provisions of this Agreement,
including the General Conditions, and the Swiss Contribution
Agreement.
      (e)   health referral system development; and
      (f)   health education programs development for maternal
health care and communicable disease control.
      Section 1.02. As used in this Agreement, the terms "yen" and
Page  15
"c" mean the currency of Japan, and the term "Consultants" includes
individual consultants as well as any consulting firm that provides
any of the experts referred to in Section 1.01.
      Section 1.03. The Consultants are expected to commence their
services in January, 1992 and to provide a total of 20 man-months of
service between that time and December, 1993.
                            ARTICLE II
                Responsibilities of the Association
                       and the Administrator
      Section 2.01. The Grant to be provided by Japan for the
Technical Assistance shall be in an amount of seventy-four million
one hundred thousand yen (c74,100,000).
      Section 2.02. The Administrator shall utilize the Grant to
finance the following expenditures in connection with the services
of the Consultants:
      (a)   remuneration, per diem and other allowances;
      (b)   international and local travel expenses;
      (c)   out-of-pocket expenses, including communications and
reports, incurred by the Consultants in foreign and local currency
in the performance of their services; and
      (d)   local travel expenses and per diem for counterpart
personnel.
      Section 2.03. The Association shall make reasonable efforts to
secure the services of the Consultants.
      Section 2.04. The recruitment, engagement and supervision of
the Consultants shall be the responsibility solely of the Associa-
tion and shall be done according to the Association's applicable
procedures.
                           ARTICLE III
                 Responsibilities of the Recipient
      Section 3.01. The Recipient shall cooperate with the
Administrator, the Association and the Consultants to ensure that
the Technical Assistance is carried out promptly and effectively
and, for this purpose, shall issue appropriate instructions to its
officials, agents and representatives.
      Section 3.02. The Recipient shall:
      (a)   make arrangements for all personnel of the Consultants
assigned to the Technical Assistance (other than nationals of the
Recipient or permanent residents of the Recipient's territories) and
all dependents of such personnel promptly to be provided with any
necessary entry and exit visas, residence and work permits, exchange
documents and travel documents required for their stay in the
Recipient's territories during the duration of the Technical
Assistance;
      (b)   facilitate clearance through its customs of any
equipment, materials and supplies required for the Technical
Assistance and any personal effects of the personnel of the
Consultants assigned to the Technical Assistance (other than
nationals of the Recipient or permanent residents of the
Recipient's territories) and the dependents of such personnel;
      (c)   permit the Consultants to bring into, and withdraw from,
the Recipient's territories reasonable amounts of foreign currency
for purposes related to the Technical Assistance;
Page  16
      (d)   permit the personnel of the Consultants assigned to the
Technical Assistance (other than nationals of the Recipient or
permanent residents of the Recipient's territories) and the
dependents of such personnel to bring into, and withdraw from, the
Recipient's territories reasonable amounts of foreign currency for
their personal use; and
      (e)   exempt the Consultants and the personnel of the
Consultants assigned to the Technical Assistance from (or the
Recipient shall pay on behalf of the Consultants and such personnel)
any taxes, duties, fees, levies and other impositions imposed under
the laws and regulations in effect in the Recipient's territories on
the Consultants and such personnel in respect of:
            (i)   any payments whatsoever made to the Consultants
                  and such personnel (other than nationals of the
                  Recipient or permanent residents of the
                  Recipient's territories) in connection with the
                  carrying out of the Technical Assistance;
           (ii)   any equipment, materials and supplies brought
                  into the Recipient's territories by the
                  Consultants for the purpose of carrying out the
                  Technical Assistance and which, after having been
                  brought into such territories, will be
                  subsequently withdrawn therefrom by them;
          (iii)   any equipment, material and supplies brought into
                  the Recipient's territories by the Consultants
                  for the purpose of carrying out the Technical
                  Assistance and which will be consumed therein or
                  become the property of the Recipient; and
           (iv)   any property brought into the Recipient's
                  territories by the Consultants or such personnel
                  (other than nationals of the Recipient or
                  permanent residents of the Recipient's ter-
                  ritories) or the dependents of such personnel for
                  their personal use and which will be consumed
                  therein or subsequently withdrawn therefrom by
                  them upon their respective departure from the
                  Recipient's territories, provided that the
                  Consultants, such personnel and their dependents
                  shall follow the usual customs procedures of the
                  Recipient in importing property into the
                  Recipient's territories.
      Section 3.03. The Recipient shall be responsible for dealing
with any claims arising out of, or resulting from, the Technical
Assistance that may be brought by third parties against the
Administrator or the Association. The Recipient shall indemnify the
Administrator and the Association against any costs, claims, damages
or liabilities arising out of, or resulting from, any acts or
omissions in connection with the Technical Assistance, except those
resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the
Administrator or the Association, as the case may be.
      Section 3.04. For purposes of carrying out the Technical
Assistance, the Recipient shall make available to the Consultants,
free of charge, all the appropriate data, services, facilities and
equipment.
      Section 3.05. The Recipient shall make available to the
Consultants, free of charge, qualified counterpart personnel to be
selected by the Recipient, with the advice of the Association and
the Consultants. If any member of the counterpart personnel fails to
perform adequately any work assigned to him by the Consultants that
is consistent with the position occupied by such member, the Consul-
tants may request the replacement of such member, and the Recipient
shall not unreasonably refuse to act upon such request.
                            ARTICLE IV
Page  17
                     Reports and Other Matters
      Section 4.01. The Recipient, the Association and the
Administrator shall, from time to time, at the request of any party,
exchange views on the Technical Assistance and consult on any
reports prepared by the Consultants and the implementation of any
recommendations made in those reports.
      Section 4.02. The Association and the Administrator may use
any reports prepared by the Consultants for any purpose that the
Association or the Administrator, as the case may be, may consider
appropriate but those reports may not be made public except by
agreement between the Recipient, the Association and the
Administrator.
                             ARTICLE V
               Enforceability of Agreement; Failure
                  to Exercise Rights; Arbitration
      Section 5.01. The rights and obligations of the Association,
the Administrator and the Recipient under this Agreement shall be
valid and enforceable in accordance with their terms notwithstanding
the law of any State or political subdivision thereof to the
contrary. Neither the Association nor the Administrator nor the
Recipient shall be entitled in any proceeding under this Article to
assert any claim that any provision of this Agreement is invalid or
unenforceable because of any provision of the Articles of Agreement
of the Association.
      Section 5.02. No delay in exercising, or omission to exercise,
any right, power or remedy accruing to any party under this
Agreement upon any default shall impair any such right, power or
remedy or be construed to be a waiver thereof or an acquiescence in
such default. No action of such party in respect of any default, or
any acquiescence by it in any default, shall affect or impair any
right, power or remedy of such party in respect of any other or
subsequent default.
      Section 5.03. (a) Any controversy between the parties to this
Agreement, and any claim by any such party against any other such
party arising under this Agreement which has not been settled by
agreement of the parties shall be submitted to arbitration by an
Arbitral Tribunal as hereinafter provided.
      (b)   The parties to such arbitration shall be the Association
and the Administrator on the one side and the Recipient on the other
side.
      (c)   The Arbitral Tribunal shall consist of three arbitrators
appointed as follows: one arbitrator shall be appointed jointly by
the Association and the Administrator; a second arbitrator shall be
appointed by the Recipient; and the third arbitrator (hereinafter
sometimes called the Umpire) shall be appointed by agreement of the
parties or, if they shall not agree, by the President of the
International Court of Justice or, failing appointment by said
President, by the Secretary-General of the United Nations. If either
side shall fail to appoint an arbitrator, such arbitrator shall be
appointed by the Umpire. In case any arbitrator appointed in
accordance with this Section shall resign, die or become unable to
act, a successor arbitrator shall be appointed in the same manner as
herein prescribed for the appointment of the original arbitrator and
such successor shall have all the powers and duties of such original
arbitrator.
      (d)   An arbitration proceeding may be instituted under this
Section upon notice by the party instituting such proceeding to the
other party. Such notice shall contain a statement setting forth the
nature of the controversy or claim to be submitted to arbitration,
the nature of the relief sought and the name of the arbitrator
appointed by the party instituting such proceeding. Within thirty
Page  18
days after such notice, the other party shall notify to the party
instituting the proceeding the name of the arbitrator appointed by
such other party.
      (e)   If within sixty days after the notice instituting the
arbitration proceeding, the parties shall not have agreed upon an
Umpire, any party may request the appointment of an Umpire as
provided in paragraph (c) of this Section.
      (f)   The Arbitral Tribunal shall convene at such time and
place as shall be fixed by the Umpire. Thereafter, the Arbitral
Tribunal shall determine where and when it shall sit.
      (g)   The Arbitral Tribunal shall decide all questions
relating to its competence and shall, subject to the provisions of
this Section and except as the parties shall otherwise agree,
determine its procedure. All decisions of the Arbitral Tribunal
shall be by majority vote.
      (h)   The Arbitral Tribunal shall afford to all parties a fair
hearing and shall render its award in writing. Such award may be
rendered by default. An award signed by a majority of the Arbitral
Tribunal shall constitute the award of such Tribunal. A signed
counterpart of the award shall be transmitted to each party. Any
such award rendered in accordance with the provisions of this
Section shall be final and binding upon the parties to this
Agreement. Each party shall abide by and comply with any such award
rendered by the Arbitral Tribunal in accordance with the provisions
of this Section.
      (i)   The parties shall fix the amount of the remuneration of
the arbitrators and such other persons as shall be required for the
conduct of the arbitration proceedings. If the parties shall not
agree on such amount before the Arbitral Tribunal shall convene, the
Arbitral Tribunal shall fix such amount as shall be reasonable under
the circumstances. The Association, the Administrator and the
Recipient shall each defray its own expenses in the arbitration
proceedings. The costs of the Arbitral Tribunal shall be divided
between and borne equally by the Association and the Administrator
on the one side and the Recipient on the other. Any question
concerning the division of the costs of the Arbitral Tribunal or the
procedure for payment of such costs shall be determined by the
Arbitral Tribunal.
      (j)   The provisions of arbitration set forth in this Section
shall be in lieu of any other procedure for the settlement of
controversies between the parties to this Agreement or of any claim
by any such party against any other such party arising thereunder.
      (k)   The Association shall not be entitled to enter judgment
against the Recipient upon the award, to enforce the award against
the Recipient by execution or to pursue any other remedy against the
Recipient for the enforcement of the award, except as such procedure
may be available against the Recipient otherwise than by reason of
the provisions of this Section. If, within thirty days after
counterparts of the award shall have been delivered to the parties,
the award shall not be complied with by the Association, the
Recipient may take any such action for the enforcement of the award
against the Association.
      (l)   Service of any notice or process in connection with any
proceeding under this Section or in connection with any proceeding
to enforce any award rendered pursuant to this Section shall be in
writing. Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly
given or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail,
telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which it is
required or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
specified in this Agreement or at such other address as such party
shall have designated by notice to the party giving such notice or
making such request. The parties to this Agreement waive any and all
other requirements for the service of any such notice or process.
Page  19
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date, Suspension
                          and Termination
      Section 6.01. This Agreement shall become effective upon its
execution by the parties.
      Section 6.02. The Recipient may at any time request the
Association and the Administrator in writing to terminate the
Technical Assistance. Whether or not the Recipient has made such a
request, the Administrator may at any time suspend or, after
consultation with the Recipient, terminate the right of the
Recipient to receive Grant funds for the Technical Assistance if any
of the following circumstances shall have occurred and be
continuing:
      (a)   The Recipient shall have failed to make payment
(notwithstanding the fact that such payment may have been made by a
third party) of principal, interest, service charges or any other
amount due to the Association or the Bank: (i) under any development
credit agreement between the Recipient and the Association, or (ii)
under any loan or guarantee agreement between the Recipient and the
Bank, or (iii) in consequence of any guarantee or other financial
obligation of any kind extended by the Bank to any third party with
the agreement of the Recipient.
      (b)   The Recipient shall have failed to perform any obliga-
tion under this Agreement.
      (c)   (i) The Association or the Bank shall have suspended in
whole or in part the right of the Recipient to make withdrawals
under any development credit agreement with the Association or any
loan agreement with the Bank because of a failure by the Recipient
to perform any of its obligations under such agreement; or (ii) the
Bank shall have suspended in whole or in part the right of any
borrower to make withdrawals under a loan agreement with the Bank
guaranteed by the Recipient because of a failure by such borrower to
perform any of its obligations under such agreement.
      (d)   Any event shall have arisen that, in the opinion of the
Association or the Administrator, as the case may be, interferes or
threatens to interfere with the successful implementation of the
Technical Assistance, the accomplishment of its purposes, or the
execution of the Technical Assistance in accordance with the terms
and conditions of this Agreement.
      (e)   The Recipient: (i) shall have been suspended from
membership in or ceased to be a member of the Association; or (ii)
shall have ceased to be a member of the International Monetary Fund.
      (f)   A representation made by the Recipient, in or pursuant
to this Agreement, or any statement furnished in connection
therewith, and intended to be relied upon by the Administrator in
making the Grant, shall have been incorrect in any material respect.
      Section 6.03. If the Technical Assistance is suspended or
terminated, the Recipient and the Administrator shall consult with
each other concerning any further action that may be necessary or
desirable.
      Section 6.04. The Administrator is not an agent of or trustee
for the Recipient and shall not have any fiduciary relationship with
the Recipient. The Recipient shall have no right to any portion of
the Grant that is not expended by the Administrator pursuant to this
Agreement.
                           ARTICLE VII
                          Representation
      Section 7.01. All communications with respect to this
Page  20
Agreement shall be addressed as follows:
      For the Recipient:
            Banco de Mocambique
            Departamento de Relacaes Internacionais
            Avenida 25 de Setembro 1695
            P.O. Box 423
            Maputo, Mozambique
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  MOBANCO                   6355/7 BMMO
                  Maputo
                                          Facsimile:
                                            29178
      For the Administrator and the Association:
            AF6PH
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA),
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names as of the day and year first above
written.
                  REPUBLIC OF MOZAMBIQUE
                  By
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  on its own behalf and as Administrator
                  of the Grant
                  By
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE
                Description of Technical Assistance
1.    To develop the management and planning component, consultants'
services with specialized health and management expertise, would be
employed for about four months to assist the Ministry of Health in
defining improvements to existing management systems and a related
program of in-country training and overseas fellowships aimed at
strengthening the capacity of higher and mid-level health system
Page  21
managers to efficiently manage available resources.
2.    In support of the manpower development component, about eight
months of consultants' services, would be employed to develop an
operational plan for upgrading of health workers skills through
formal and in-service training. The thrust here would be to review
the operations of central and provincial health manpower training
institutes with a view to determining how existing health personnel
could be rotated into courses. A second focus would be on
identifying innovative approaches for strengthening the quality of
the courses themselves by systematically drawing upon health and
other relevant professionals to the training institutes to teach
aspects of subjects in a practical manner. Finally, a detailed cost
estimate of proposed activities would be developed, which would take
into account the impact on the wage-bill of proposed activities to
upgrade the selected cadres of health workers.
3.    To prepare the health facility rehabilitation component,
consultants' services would be employed to examine means of
providing project support for health facility establishment and
operation to NGOs and other private organizations, who will shortly
be permitted to provide health services (previously the exclusive
domain of the public sector). The intent is to recruit one or two
consultants for about four months to engage in a substantive
dialogue with NGOs, firms and other potential private providers as
well as government officials with regard to the kind of assistance
that could be provided to enable this new privatization initiative
in the health sector to be successful. The final output would be a
proposal in this area of funding through the Project.
4.    For the pharmaceutical component, consultants' services would
be employed to undertake a thorough review of the management
practices and financial soundness of MEDIMOC, the parastatal
responsible for importation and distribution of pharmaceuticals in
Mozambique. Management consultants with complementary specialities
would be recruited for about three months. An important element of
the review would be to determine whether aspects of MEDIMOC's
functions should be privatized from the standpoint of improving the
efficiency of the parastatal and to identify other areas where
improvements might be achieved through policy changes and project
inputs.
5.    To prepare the special health programs component, about three
months consultants' services would be employed to develop a concrete
and feasible proposal for project interventions that could
substantially improve maternal health care including post- and ante-
anatal health services, identification of high risk pregnancies and
referral services. About ten months of consultants' services would
also be employed to develop a comprehensive health education
campaign in support of maternal and child health and communicable
disease control interventions, bringing to bear experience from
other countries on the design of successful interventions. Such a
campaign would involve effective and innovative use of government,
non-government, mass media channels to modify social and individual
practices/behaviors in a manner consistent with maintaining better
health.
