Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                   CREDIT NUMBER 2585 EGT
                       Development Credit Agreement
                   (Agricultural Modernization Project)
                                  between
                          ARAB REPUBLIC OF EGYPT
                                    and
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                           Dated October 9, 1994
                                                   CREDIT NUMBER 2585 EGT
                       DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated October 9, 1994, between ARAB REPUBLIC OF EGYPT (the
Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement referred to in Recital (C) below, has requested the Association
to assist in the financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Project will be carried out by the Principal Bank for
Development and Agricultural Credit (PBDAC) of the Borrower, with the
Borrower's assistance and, as part of such assistance, the Borrower will
make available to PBDAC the proceeds of the Credit as provided in this
Agreement;
      (C)   to assist in the carrying out of the Project, the International
Bank for Reconstruction and Development (the Bank) has agreed under an
agreement (the Loan Agreement) of even date herewith to extend to PBDAC a
loan in an amount equivalent to fifty-four million dollars ($54,000,000);
      (D)   by the Guarantor Agreement of even date herewith, the Borrower
has agreed to guarantee the above-mentioned loan from the Bank to PBDAC; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia, of the
foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                      General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Development Credit
Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985, with the last
sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General Conditions) constitute an
integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the General Conditions, in the Preamble to this Agreement and in
the Loan Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and the
term "Special Account" means the account referred to in Section 2.02 (b) of
this Agreement.
                                ARTICLE II
                                The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower, on the
terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the Development Credit
Agreement, an amount in various currencies equivalent to forty-eight million
seven hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 48,700,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn from the
Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the Association shall so agree, to
be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required
for Part C of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of Part C of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in a commercial bank
on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Association, including
appropriate protection against set-off, seizure or attachment. Deposits
into, and payments out of, the Special Account shall be made in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 2001 or such later
date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall promptly
notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not withdrawn from
time to time at a rate to be set by the Association as of June 30 of each
year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per
annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date sixty days
after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to the respective dates
on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the Borrower from the Credit Account
or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate set as of the June 30 immediately
preceding the accrual date and at such other rates as may be set from time
to time thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June
30 in each year shall be applied from the next date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places as the
Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restrictions of any kind
imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency
specified in this Agreement for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions or in such other eligible currency or currencies as may from time
to time be designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that
Section.
Page  3
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a service
charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time to
time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be payable
semiannually on March 1 and September 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-annual
installments payable on each March 1 and September 1 commencing September
1, 2004 and ending March 1, 2029. Each installment to and including the
installment payable on March 1, 2014 shall be one and one-fourth percent (1-
1/4%) of such principal amount, and each installment thereafter shall be two
and one-half percent (2-1/2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product per capita,
as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790 in constant 1985
dollars for five consecutive years, and (ii) the Bank shall consider the
Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the Association may, subsequent to
the review and approval thereof by the Executive Directors of the
Association and after due consideration by them of the development of the
Borrower's economy, modify the terms of repayment of installments under
paragraph (a) above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of
each such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the Credit
shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the Association may
revise such modification to include, in lieu of some or all of the increase
in the amounts of such installments, the payment of interest at an annual
rate agreed with the Association on the principal amount of the Credit
withdrawn and outstanding from time to time, provided that, in the judgment
of the Association, such revision shall not change the grant element
obtained under the above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant to
paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the Borrower's economic
condition has deteriorated significantly, the Association may, if so
requested by the Borrower, further modify the terms of repayment to conform
to the schedule of installments as provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is hereby
specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE III
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement,
and, to this end, without any limitation or restriction upon any of its
other obligations under the Development Credit Agreement, shall make the
proceeds of the Credit available to PBDAC under two Financing Agreements to
be concluded between the Borrower and PBDAC under terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Association, including: (i) under the First Financing
Agreement, the making available to PBDAC of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time under Categories (2), (3), (4) and (5) of the
table shown in Schedule 1 to this Agreement and the obligation of PBDAC with
respect to such amount, except for any portion thereof allocated for use by
MALR or any of its agencies under the Project (A) to pay commitment and
service charge at rates identical to those applicable to the Credit pursuant
to the provisions of Sections 2.04 and 2.05 of this Agreement, and (B) to
repay such amount over a period identical to that specified for the
repayment of the Credit pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.07 of this
Agreement; and (ii) under the Second Financing Agreement, the onlending to
PBDAC of the Credit amount allocated from time to time under Category (1)
of the table shown in Schedule 1 to this Agreement on terms whereby PBDAC
shall be obligated (A) to pay commitment charges and interest on amount
onlent under said second Financing Agreement at rates comparable to those
applicable to the Loan pursuant to the provisions of Sections 2.04 and 2.05
of the Loan Agreement and (B) to repay such amount over a period comparable
to that specified for the repayment of the Loan pursuant to the provisions
of the amortization schedule set forth in Schedule 3 to the Loan Agreement.
Page  4
      (b)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the Financing
Agreements in such manner as to protect the interests of the Borrower and
the Association and to accomplish the purposes of the Credit, and except as
the Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not assign, amend,
abrogate or waive the Financing Agreements or any provision thereof.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree: (a)
procurement of goods, works or services for the carrying out of Investments
under Parts A and B of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit, shall be governed by the provisions set forth in Parts (3)
(b) and 4 of Schedule 5 to the Loan Agreement, and (b) procurement of the
goods, works and consultants' services required for Part C of the Project
and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by
the provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower and the Association hereby agree that the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of
the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services,
plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land acquisition,
respectively) shall be carried out by PBDAC.
                                ARTICLE IV
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditures, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained in accordance with
                  sound accounting practices, records and accounts
                  reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   ensure that all records (contracts, orders, invoices,
                  bills, receipts and other documents) evidencing such
                  expenditures are retained until at least one year after
                  the Association has received the audit report for the
                  fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from the Credit
                  Account was made; and
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to examine such
                  records.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in paragraph
                  (a) (i) of this Section and those for the Special Account
                  for each fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than nine months after the end of each
                  such year the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association shall
                  have reasonably requested, including a separate opinion
                  by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year, together
                  with the procedures and internal controls involved in
                  their preparation, can be relied upon to support the
                  related withdrawals; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts and the audit
                  thereof as the Association shall from time to time
                  reasonably request.
                                 ARTICLE V
                        Effective Date; Termination
      Section 5.01. The following event is specified as an additional
Page  5
condition to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement within
the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions, namely, that all
conditions precedent to the effectiveness of the Loan Agreement, save for
conditions requiring the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
have been fulfilled.
      Section 5.02. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the
General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE VI
                Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 6.01. The Minister of International Cooperation or the First
Undersecretary for International Finance of said Ministry of the Borrower
is designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of Section
11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified for the purposes
of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of International Cooperation
            (International Finance Sector)
            8 Adly Street
            Cairo,
            Egypt
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  MINISTRY OF               927-23348
                    INTERNATIONAL
                    COOPERATION
                  Cairo
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                    197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly
authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in Cairo, Arab Republic of Egypt, as of the day and year
first above written.
                  ARAB REPUBLIC OF EGYPT
                  By /s/ Youssef Boutros-Ghali
                                                Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
Page  6
                  By /s/ Caio Koch-Weser
                                                Authorized Representative
                                SCHEDULE 1
                 Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the amounts of the Credit
to each Category and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                            Amount of the
                          Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
      Category             SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1)   Machinery,              33,440,000        100% of foreign
      equipment and                             expenditures, 100%
      other goods                               of local expendi-
      under Parts A                             tures (ex-factory
      and B of the                              cost) and 60% of
      Project                                   local expenditures for
                                                other items
                                                procured locally
(2)   Works under              1,370,000        40%
      Part C of
      the Project
(3)   Vehicles,                2,820,000        100% of foreign
      laboratory and                            expenditures,
      office equipment                          100% of local
      and training                              expenditures
      materials under                           (ex-factory
      Part C of the                             cost) and 70%
      Project                                   of local ex-
                                                penditures for
                                                other items pro-
                                                cured locally
(4)   Demonstration            1,440,000        50%
      services under
      Part C (6) of
      the Project
(5)   Consultants'             8,110,000        100%
      services,
      training and
      studies
(6)   Unallocated              1,520,000
                             ___________
         TOTAL                48,700,000
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for goods or
services supplied from the territory of any country other than that of the
Borrower; and
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the currency
of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the territory of the
Borrower.
Page  7
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no withdrawals
shall be made in respect of payments made for expenditures incurred prior
to the date of this Agreement, except that withdrawals in an amount not
exceeding the equivalent of $1,000,000 may be made for expenditures incurred
prior to that date but after February 1, 1994.
4.    The Association may require withdrawals from the Credit Account to be
made on the basis of statements of expenditure for expenditures for goods,
works and services under contracts not exceeding $50,000 equivalent, under
such terms and conditions as the Association shall specify by notice to the
Borrower.
                                SCHEDULE 2
                              Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means the Categories, except
Category (6) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in respect
of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for Part C of the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit allocated from
time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance with the provisions
of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount equivalent to
$2,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and deposited into the
Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively for
eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it that
the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the Authorized
Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the Special Account shall
be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the Borrower shall
furnish to the Association a request or requests for a deposit or deposits
which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation. On
the basis of such request or requests, the Association shall, on behalf of
the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit in the Special
Account such amount or amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the Borrower
                  shall furnish to the Association requests for deposits
                  into the Special Account at such intervals as the
                  Association shall specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the documents
                  and other evidence required pursuant to paragraph 4 of
                  this Schedule for the payment or payments in respect of
                  which replenishment is requested. On the basis of each
                  such request, the Association shall, on behalf of the
                  Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit
                  into the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown by said
                  documents and other evidence to have been paid out of the
                  Special Account for eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the Credit
Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the respective
equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said documents and other
evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special Account, the
Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall reasonably request,
Page  8
furnish to the Association such documents and other evidence showing that
such payment was made exclusively for eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this Schedule, the
Association shall not be required to make further deposits into the Special
Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined that all
further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly from the Credit
Account in accordance with the provisions of Article V of the General
Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the
eligible Categories for Part C of the Project, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association pursuant to
Section 5.02 of the General Conditions, shall equal the equivalent of twice
the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining unwithdrawn
amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible Categories for Part C of the
Project shall follow such procedures as the Association shall specify by
notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only after
and to the extent that the Association shall have been satisfied that all
such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date of
such notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time that any
payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an expenditure or in
an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule; or (ii) was
not justified by the evidence furnished to the Association, the Borrower
shall, promptly upon notice from the Association: (A) provide such
additional evidence as the Association may request; or (B) deposit into the
Special Account (or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the
Association) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion
thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special Account shall
be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence or made such deposit
or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time that any
amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be required to cover
further payments for eligible expenditures, the Borrower shall, promptly
upon notice from the Association, refund to the Association such outstanding
amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund to the
Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the Special
Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs 6 (a),
(b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit Account for
subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance with the relevant
provisions of this Agreement, including the General Conditions.
