Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                     LOAN NUMBER 3719 EGT
                            Guarantee Agreement
                   (Agricultural Modernization Project)
                                  between
                          ARAB REPUBLIC OF EGYPT
                                    and
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                              AND DEVELOPMENT
                           Dated October 9, 1994
                                                     LOAN NUMBER 3719 EGT
                            GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated October 9, 1994, between ARAB REPUBLIC OF EGYPT (the
Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the
Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Principal Bank for Development and
Agricultural Credit (the Borrower), having been satisfied as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the
Project;
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the Bank and
the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower a loan in
various currencies equivalent to fifty-four million dollars ($54,000,000),
on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on
condition that the Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of the
Borrower in respect of such loan as provided in this Agreement;
      (C)   the Guarantor has also requested the International Development
Association (the Association) to provide assistance towards the financing
Page  2
of the Project, and the Association has agreed, under the Development Credit
Agreement of even date herewith, to provide such assistance by extending a
credit to the Guarantor in the amount of forty-eight million seven hundred
thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 48,700,000); and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering into
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to guarantee such
obligations of the Borrower;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                      General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and Guarantee
Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the modifications set
forth in Section 1.01 of the Loan Agreement (the General Conditions)
constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble to and Section 1.02
of the Loan Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                                 Guarantee
      Section 2.01. (a) The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement,
and, to this end, without limitation or restriction upon any of its other
obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor hereby
unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not as surety merely, the
due and punctual payment of the principal of, and interest and other charges
on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on the prepayment of the Loan, and
the punctual performance of all the other obligations of the Borrower, all
as set forth in the Loan Agreement.
      (b)   For its guarantee of the Borrower's debt service obligations
with respect to the Loan pursuant to paragraph (a) above, the Guarantor
shall charge the Borrower a guarantee fee at an annual rate to be agreed
upon between the Guarantor and the Borrower.
                                ARTICLE III
                Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 3.01. The Minister of International Cooperation or the First
Undersecretary for International Finance of said Ministry of the Guarantor
is designated as representative of the Guarantor for the purposes of Section
11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 3.02. The following addresses are specified for the purposes
of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Ministry of International Cooperation
            (International Finance Sector)
            8 Adly Street
            Cairo
            Egypt
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                  MINISTRY OF               927-23348
                    INTERNATIONAL
                    COOPERATION
                  Cairo
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
Page  3
                 Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                 INTBAFRAD                   197688 (TRT),
                 Washington, D.C.            248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly
authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in Cairo, Arab Republic of Egypt, as of the day and year
first above written.
                  ARAB REPUBLIC OF EGYPT
                  By /s/ Youssef Boutros-Ghali
                                                Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                     RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ Caio Koch-Weser
                                                Authorized Representative
