Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3593 ROM
                      SNCFR Project Agreement
                        (Transport Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                NATIONAL RAILWAY COMPANY OF ROMANIA
                       Dated April 30, 1993
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3593 ROM
                      SNCFR PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 30, 1993, between INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and NATIONAL RAILWAY
COMPANY OF ROMANIA (SNCFR).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Romania (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank has agreed to
make available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies
equivalent to one hundred twenty million dollars ($120,000,000), on
the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only
on condition that SNCFR agree to undertake such obligations toward
the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary financing agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and SNCFR, the proceeds of the loan allocated
from time to time to Category (3) of the table set forth in
paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to the Loan Agreement will be relent to
SNCFR on the terms and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary
Financing Agreement; and
      WHEREAS SNCFR, in consideration of the Bank's entering into
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the Preamble to this
Agreement and the General Conditions (as so defined) have the
respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                Execution of Part C of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) SNCFR declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out Part C of the Project
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering and railway practices, and
shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for Part C
of the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Bank and SNCFR shall otherwise
agree, SNCFR shall: (i) maintain arrangements, satisfactory to the
Bank, with NRA pursuant to which NRA shall, through PMU, undertake
the responsibility for the carrying out of the Project, including
Part C thereof, and the procurement of the goods therefor; and (ii)
carry out the staff training under Part C of the Project in
accordance with programs and criteria for the selection of
candidates thereunder satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods required for Part C of the Project and to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the
provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.03. SNCFR shall carry out the obligations set forth
in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of the SNCFR Project Agreement
and Part C of the Project.
      Section 2.04. SNCFR shall duly perform all its obligations
under the SNCFR Subsidiary Financing Agreement. Except as the Bank
shall otherwise agree, SNCFR shall not take or concur in any action
which would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or
waiving the SNCFR Subsidiary Financing Agreement or any provision
thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) SNCFR shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to the progress of Part C
of the project, the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the SNCFR Subsidiary Financing Agreement, and
other matters relating to the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   SNCFR shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of Part
C of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Loan, or
the performance by SNCFR of its obligations under this Agreement and
under the SNCFR Subsidiary Financing Agreement.
                         ARTICLE III
                Management and Operations of SNCFR
      Section 3.01. SNCFR shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial and
Page  3
railway practices under the supervision of qualified and experienced
management assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. SNCFR shall at all times operate and maintain
its plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
railway practices.
      Section 3.03. SNCFR shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Bank for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall
be consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) SNCFR shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   SNCFR shall:
            (i)    have its records, accounts and financial
                   statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                   and expenses and related statements) for each
                   fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                   appropriate auditing principles consistently
                   applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                   the Bank;
            (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year, (A) certified copies of its
                   financial statements for such year as so audited
                   and (B) the report of such audit by said
                   auditors of such scope and in such detail as the
                   Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
            (iii)  furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records, accounts and financial
                   statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                   Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of SNCFR thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the
Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the
Bank shall promptly notify SNCFR thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
Page  4
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      For SNCFR:
            National Railway Company of Romania
            38, Bld. Dinicu Golescu
            Bucharest
            Romania
                                           Telex:
                                             11553
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of SNCFR, may be taken or executed by its
President or such other person or persons as said President shall
designate in writing, and SNCFR shall furnish to the Bank sufficient
evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen signature
of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ Michael Wiehen
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                           Europe and Central Asia
                         NATIONAL RAILWAY COMPANY OF ROMANIA
                         By /s/ Vasile Puscas
                                         Authorized Representative
Page  5
