Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3379 POL
            (Heat Supply Restructuring and Conservation
                         (Gdynia) Project)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF POLAND
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                     Dated September 16, 1991
                                             LOAN NUMBER 3379 POL
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated September 16, 1991, between REPUBLIC OF
POLAND (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and the District Heating Enterprise
in Gdynia (the Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasibi-
lity and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the
Project; and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to twenty-five million
dollars ($25,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the Guarantor agree to
guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of such loan as
provided in this Agreement; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth in the Loan Agreement (the General Condi-
tions), constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in Section 1.02
of the Loan Agreement have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. Without limitation or restriction upon any of
its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor
hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not as
surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and
interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on
the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of all the
other obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan
Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the Guarantor
specifically undertakes, whenever there is reasonable cause to
believe that the funds available to the Borrower will be inadequate
to meet the estimated expenditures required for the carrying out of
the Project, to make arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank,
promptly to provide the Borrower or cause the Borrower to be
provided with such funds as are needed to meet such expenditures.
                            ARTICLE III
            Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 3.01. The Minister of Finance of the Guarantor is
designated as representative of the Guarantor for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 3.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Ministry of Finance
            00-916 Warszawa
            ul. Swietokrzyska 12
            Republic of Poland
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   MINF                      814386 PL
                   Poland
     For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
Page  3
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA),
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in Warsaw, Republic of Poland, as
of the day and year first above written.
                         REPUBLIC OF POLAND
                         By /s/ S. Kawalec
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ K. Dervis
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                              Europe, Middle East and North Africa
