Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3383 POL
   (Heat Supply Restructuring and Conservation (Credit) Project)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF POLAND
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                     Dated September 16, 1991
                                             LOAN NUMBER 3383 POL
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated September 16, 1991, between REPUBLIC OF
POLAND (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and the Wielkopolski Bank Kredytowy
W Poznaniu (the Borrower), having been satisfied as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
the Loan Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in the
financing of the Project; and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to twenty million dollars
($20,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that the Guarantor agree to
guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of such loan as
provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth in the Loan Agreement (the General
Conditions), constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in Section 1.02
of the Loan Agreement have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                             Guarantee
      Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, hereby unconditionally guarantees, as
primary obligor and not as surety merely, the due and punctual
payment of the principal of, and interest and other charges on, the
Loan, and the premium, if any, on the prepayment of the Loan, all as
set forth in the Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) The Guarantor and the Bank shall, from time
to time, at the request of either party, exchange views with regard
to the Guarantor's district heat pricing policies and its plans in
respect of the overall development of the district heating sub-
sector.
      (b)   The Guarantor agrees, as long as it, or any of its
political or administrative subdivisions, exercises control over the
setting of prices of district heating enterprises, to establish
prices for district heat sold by such enterprises which would allow
such enterprises, under conditions of efficient operation at rea-
sonable levels of capacity utilization, to cover their operating
costs including taxes, earn an adequate return of funds invested in
them, meet their financial obligations and make a reasonable
contribution to future investment for expansion capacity.
      (c)   Without limitation on the provisions of paragraph (b) of
this Section, if the prices for district heat sold by any
Beneficiary are established at levels which would not allow such
Beneficiary to produce revenues from all sources related to its
operations sufficient to enable it to cover its debt service
requirements in respect of its Sub-loan, the Guarantor shall make
arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank, promptly to provide such
Beneficiary or cause such Beneficiary to be provided with such funds
as are needed to cover such debt service requirements.
                            ARTICLE IV
            Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 4.01. The Minister of Finance of the Guarantor is
designated as representative of the Guarantor for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Ministry of Finance
Page  3
            00-916 Warszawa
            ul. Swietokrzyska 12
            Republic of Poland
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   MINF                      814386 PL
                   Poland
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA),
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in Warsaw, Republic of Poland, as
of the day and year first above written.
                         REPUBLIC OF POLAND
                         By /s/ S. Kawalec
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ K. Dervis
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                              Europe, Middle East and North Africa
