Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3752 ME
                            Guarantee Agreement
                  (Second Solid Waste Management Project)
                                  between
                           UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                                    and
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                              AND DEVELOPMENT
                           Dated October 2, 1994
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3752 ME
                            GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
    AGREEMENT, dated October 2, 1994, between UNITED MEXICAN STATES (the
Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the
Bank).
    WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Banco Nacional de Obras y Servicios
Publicos, S.N.C. (the Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasibility
and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement,
have requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the Project; and
    (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the Bank and
the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower a loan in
various currencies equivalent to two hundred million Dollars ($200,000,000),
on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on
condition that the Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of the
Borrower in respect of such loan as provided in this Agreement; and
    WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering into the
Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to guarantee such
obligations of the Borrower and to undertake such other obligations as set
forth in this Agreement;
    NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                                 ARTICLE I
                      General Conditions; Definitions
    Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and Guarantee
Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the modifications set
forth in Schedule 7 to the Loan Agreement (the General Conditions)
constitute an integral part of this Agreement:
    Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble to and Section 1.02
of the Loan Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                       Guarantee; Provision of Funds
    Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the objectives
of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement and, to this
end, shall, through SEDESOL, carry out or cause to be carried out Parts A.1,
A.3 and C of the Project and provide assistance to Participating
Municipalities and their States for the purpose of the implementation of
Part B of the Project, with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity
with sound technical, financial, administrative, environmental and
managerial standards and practices. Without limitation or restriction upon
any of its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor
hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not as surety
merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and interest and
other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on the prepayment of
the Loan, and the punctual performance of all the other obligations of the
Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan Agreement.
    Section 2.02. The Guarantor shall provide, or cause to be provided, in
a timely manner as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for the Project.
                                ARTICLE III
                              Other Covenants
    Section 3.01. The Guarantor shall enter into the contractual
arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 of the Loan Agreement and, except
as the Bank may otherwise agree, shall not amend or fail to enforce any
provision of such contractual arrangements. The Guarantor shall: (a)
exercise its rights under such contractual arrangements in such manner as
to protect the interests of the Guarantor and the Bank and to accomplish the
purposes of the Loan; and (b) comply with its obligations thereunder. The
Guarantor shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition which interferes
or threatens to interfere with the performance by the Guarantor of its
obligations under such contractual arrangements.
    Section 3.02. For the purpose of the execution of Parts A.1 and A.3 of
the Project, the Guarantor shall, through SEDESOL:
    (a)   carry out the institutional strengthening program set forth in
Annex A to the SWM Implementation Letter, including the employment of
professional specialists (providing non-consultant services) and consultants
in SEDESOL's Office of Solid Waste Projects and Preservation of the
Environment as set forth in said Annex A;
    (b)   supervise the development, organization and delivery of the
National Training Program;
    (c)   develop and apply appropriate policies and regulations for the
solid waste management sector;
    (d)   carry out the strengthening program for environmental management
of solid waste set forth in Annex F to the SWM Implementation Letter; and
    (e)   carry out studies to develop a national recycling strategy
through: (i) analysis of market prices and incentives for recycling and the
downstream environmental impact of recycling, and (ii) the development of
Page  3
a public awareness campaign.
    Section 3.03. For the purpose of the execution of Part B of the Project,
the Guarantor shall, through SEDESOL:
    (a)   assist Participating Municipalities and their States in the
preparation, construction and supervision of Subprojects;
    (b)   provide technical assistance to Participating Municipalities to
establish within their administrative structures an area responsible for
managing solid waste services with separate accounts and accounting systems
and to administer newly developed solid waste management systems;
    (c)   provide the services described in paragraphs (a) and (b) to
Municipalities (and their States) other than Participating Municipalities
(and their States) after giving priority to Participating Municipalities
(and their States); and
    (d)   provide grants for the financing of Subprojects in accordance with
the provisions of paragraph 1 (c) of Schedule 5 to the Loan Agreement.
    Section 3.04. For the purpose of the execution of Part C of the Project,
the Guarantor shall, through SEDESOL:
    (a)   ensure that the borrowers of Subloans and Participating
Municipalities (if different from said borrowers) carry out said Part of the
Project in accordance with the provisions of Annex G to the SWM
Implementation Letter and in accordance with the Operation Manual; unless
the Bank shall otherwise agree, SEDESOL shall not change or waive any
provision of the Operation Manual; and
    (b)   provide, or cause to be provided, technical assistance to the
Participating Municipalities and their States in the preparation and
implementation of Social Action Plans and employ specialized consultants
therefor as provided in Annex A to the SWM Implementation Letter.
    Section 3.05. Unless otherwise agreed by the Bank, the Guarantor shall
ensure that no financial support for the SWM Sector shall be provided to
Municipalities, which meet the criteria set forth in Section 4.05 (c) (i)
of the Loan Agreement, other than on the terms contained or referred to in
paragraph 1 of Schedule 5 to the Loan Agreement.
    Section 3.06. (a) The Guarantor, through SEDESOL, shall maintain records
and separate accounts adequate to reflect, in accordance with sound
accounting practices, the resources and expenditures in connection with
Parts A.1, A.3 and C of the Project.
    (b)   the Guarantor, through SEDESOL, shall:
          (i)   have its records and accounts referred to in paragraph (a)
                of this Section for each fiscal year audited, in accordance
                with generally accepted auditing standards and procedures
                consistently applied, by independent and qualified
                auditors;
          (ii)  furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in any case
                not later than six months after the end of each such year,
                a certified copy of the report of such audit by said
                auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the Bank
                shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii) furnish to the Bank such other information concerning said
                records and accounts as well as the audit thereof as the
                Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
    (c)   For all expenditures with respect to Parts A.1. A.3 and C of the
Project for which withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on the basis
of statements of expenditure, or for all such expenditures with respect to
which withdrawals were made from the Special Account, the Guarantor shall
provide to the Borrower all records, accounts and information necessary to
allow the Borrower to perform its obligations punctually under Section 5.01
of the Loan Agreement.
Page  4
    Section 3.07. Throughout the course of Project implementation, progress
reports on Parts A.1, A.3 and C of the Project, and on its assistance with
respect to the implementation of Part B of the Project,  shall be prepared
by the Guarantor, through SEDESOL, in the manner set forth in Section 4.07
of the Loan Agreement and said reports shall be provided to the Borrower in
timely manner so as to enable the Borrower to meet its obligations under
Section 4.07 of the Loan Agreement and Annex E to the SWM Implementation
Letter.
    Section 3.08. The Guarantor, through SEDESOL, shall: (a) participate in
an annual review of Project implementation to be held in conjunction with
the Bank and the Borrower within two months of the receipt by the Bank of
the semi-annual progress report due August 31 of each year as referred to
in Section 4.07 of the Loan Agreement. Each annual review shall be based,
inter alia, on the reports referred to in Section 3.07 of this Agreement and
Section 4.07 of the Loan Agreement, shall examine the status of Project
implementation and without limitation of other topics, include a
presentation of the Guarantor's budget allocation for the Project for the
immediately subsequent fiscal year, and shall conclude with the joint
preparation by the Guarantor and the Borrower of a plan of action,
acceptable to the Bank, addressing the issues raised by the review and to
be carried out during the immediately subsequent fiscal year;
    (b)   review, together with the Bank and the Borrower, the semi-annual
progress report due February 28 of each year; and
    (c)   participate in a Project implementation midterm review to be held
with the Bank and the Borrower on the basis of the semi-annual report due
August 31, 1996. During such midterm review, a more comprehensive evaluation
of Project achievements and prospects than is possible during other periodic
reviews shall be carried out and shall include: (i) a review of compliance
with onlending conditions; (ii) an assessment of progress made in
implementing the strengthening program for environmental management of solid
waste; (iii) an evaluation of the funding proposals for the remainder of the
Project; (iv) a review of the report of SEDESOL evaluating the performance
of the National Training Program and proposals for training for the next two
years; (v) an assessment of the use of the Marginality Index for targeting
funds to the neediest Municipalities and, consequently, the adequacy of the
mix of funds matrices for technical assistance and investment; (vi) a review
of the results of the recycling studies and agreement on the action plan to
be prepared based on those studies for defining a national recycling
strategy and its implementation; and (vii) a proposal for restructuring or
reorienting the Project in light of the reviews and assessments of the
issues discussed during the midterm review.
    Section 3.09. The Guarantor, through SEDESOL, shall carry out or cause
to be carried out the obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions (relating respectively to
insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and
reports, maintenance and land acquisition) with respect to Parts A.1, A.3
and C of the Project.
    Section 3.10. (a) The Guarantor, through SEDESOL, shall review
Subproject environmental impact assessments referred to in Section 4.05 (d)
(vi) of the Loan Agreement in accordance with the Operation Manual.
    (b)   The Guarantor, through PFPA, shall conduct annual inspections of
environmental control measures regarding gas venting and leachates
(undertaken by Participating Municipalities or their States in carrying out
investment Subprojects or by Participating Municipalities in operating the
solid waste infrastructure created through said Subprojects) for final
disposal of municipal solid waste to determine whether such measures comply
with the terms of the relevant ISWMP and/or environmental impact assessment.
                                ARTICLE IV
                Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
    Section 4.01. The Director General de Credito Publico of the Guarantor
is designated as representative of the Guarantor for the purposes of Section
11.03 of the General Conditions.
Page  5
    Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the purposes of
Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
    For the Guarantor:
          Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico
          Direccion General de Credito Publico
          Palacio Nacional, Patio Central
          Oficina 4037
          06066 Mexico, D.F.
          Mexico
                                               Telex:
                                                 1777313-SHOCME
    For the Bank:
          International Bank for
            Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:                       Telex:
                INTBAFRAD                        248423 (RCA)
                Washington, D.C.                  82987 (FTCC)
                                                  64145 (WUI) or
                                                 197688 (TRT)
    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly
authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in Madrid, Spain, as of the day and year first above
written.
                             UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                             By /s/ Pedro Aspe Armella
                             Authorized Representative
                             INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                               RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                             By /s/ Shahid Javed Burki
                             Regional Vice President
                             Latin America and the Caribbean
