Page  1
                                                            CONFORMED COPY
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3752 ME
                              Loan Agreement
                  (Second Solid Waste Management Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                              AND DEVELOPMENT
                                    and
           BANCO NACIONAL DE OBRAS Y SERVICIOS PUBLICOS, S.N.C.
                           Dated October 2, 1994
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3752 ME
                              LOAN AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated October 2, 1994, between INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and BANCO NACIONAL DE OBRAS Y
SERVICIOS PUBLICOS, S.N.C. (the Borrower).
      WHEREAS: (A) United Mexican States (the Guarantor) and the Borrower,
having been satisfied as to the feasibility and priority of the Project
described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist
in the financing of the Project; and
      (B)   by an agreement (the Guarantee Agreement) of even date herewith
between the Guarantor and the Bank, the Guarantor has agreed to guarantee
the obligations of the Borrower in respect of the Loan and to undertake such
other obligations as set forth in the Guarantee Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter alia, of the
foregoing, to extend the Loan to the Borrower upon the terms and conditions
set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                      General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and Guarantee
Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the modifications set
Page  2
forth in Schedule 7 to this Agreement (the General Conditions) constitute
an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble to this Agreement have
the respective meanings therein set forth and the following additional terms
have the following meanings:
      (a)   "CETES" means Certificados de la Tesoreria de la Federacion
(Federal Treasury Certificates), as defined in the November 28, 1977 issue
of the Guarantor's Diario Oficial de la Federacion (Official Gazette);
      (b)   "CETES Rate" means the average annual yield, calculated monthly,
on CETES with maturities of up to one month, issued during the month in
which a CETES Rate is calculated, or such other index reflecting the cost
of funds to the Guarantor as shall be acceptable to the Guarantor and the
Bank;
      (c)   "Charter" means the Ley Organica (Organic Law) of the Borrower,
published in the Guarantor's Diario Oficial de la Federacion (Official
Gazette) on January 20, 1986, as amended to the date of this Agreement;
      (d)   "CPP" means the Costo Porcentual Promedio de Captacion (average
cost of funds) published monthly by the Guarantor and defined in the
Guarantor's Diario Oficial de la Federacion (Official Gazette) on October
16, 1981;
      (e)   "free-limit Subloan" means a Subloan which qualifies as a free-
limit Subloan pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 2 (b) of Schedule 5
to this Agreement;
      (f)   "INE" means the Guarantor's National Ecology Institute
(Instituto Nacional de Ecologia);
      (g)   "ISWMP" means an integrated plan for solid waste management
(including, inter alia, for construction and equipping of recycling stations
to provide a sanitary, safe and efficient environment for Scavengers to
continue their work near sanitary landfills) prepared as set forth in the
Operation Manual;
      (h)   "Marginality Index" means the index developed by the Guarantor's
National Population Council (Consejo Nacional de Poblacion) to measure the
level of economic development of individual Municipalities. The Marginality
Index is higher for less developed areas and lower for more developed areas;
the terms "low", "medium" or "high" as applied to the "Marginality Index"
shall have such meaning as defined by the Guarantor's National Population
Council from time to time and set forth in the Operation Manual;
      (i)   "Municipality" means any municipality in the territory of the
Guarantor;
      (j)   "National Training Program" means the program described in Annex
C to the SWM Implementation Letter;
      (k)   "Normatividad" means the Normatividad para el Ejercicio de
Creditos Provenientes de Organismos Financieros Internacionales Destinados
a la Banca de Desarrollo y Fondos de Fomento con Apoyos del Gobierno Federal
por Diferenciales Negativos en Tasas de Interes (Regulations Governing the
Use of Loans from International Finance Institutions to Development Banks
and Funds with Assistance from the Federal Government for Negative
Differentials in Interest Rates), issued by the Guarantor's Finance
Secretariat (Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico) and former Planning
and Budget Secretariat (Secretaria de Programacion y Presupuesto), by means
of Oficio No. 102-B-049, dated November 18, 1988;
      (l)   "Operation Manual" means the Borrower's manual for the execution
of Parts B and C of the Project referred to in Section 7.01 (e) of this
Agreement;
      (m)   "peso" means the currency of the Guarantor;
      (n)   "Participating Municipality" means a Municipality that either
Page  3
(i) is the borrower of a Subloan and is responsible for carrying out a
Subproject and thereafter operating the solid waste infrastructure created
through said Subproject or (ii) is solely the beneficiary, and party
responsible for operation, of the solid waste infrastructure created through
said Subproject;
      (o)   "PFPA" means the Guarantor's Federal Environmental Protection
Attorney's Office (Procuraduria Federal de Proteccion al Ambiente);
      (p)   "Scavengers" means people deriving their principal livelihood
from scavenging in landfills or dumps (as such people are further defined
in the Operation Manual);
      (q)   "SEDESOL" means the Guarantor's Social Development Secretariat
(Secretaria de Desarrollo Social);
      (r)   "Social Action Plan" means the plan to be prepared by the party
responsible for carrying out a Subproject (with the assistance referred to
in Section 3.04 (b) of the Guarantee Agreement and in accordance with the
terms of the Operation Manual) for the execution of Part C of the Project;
      (s)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in Section 2.02
(b) of this Agreement;
      (t)   "State" means any of the states that constitute the United
Mexican States;
      (u)   "Subloan" means a loan made or proposed to be made by the
Borrower, out of the proceeds of the Loan, to a Participating Municipality
(or to the Participating Municipality's State) for a Subproject;
      (v)   "Subloan Agreement" means an agreement, satisfactory to the
Bank, containing the terms and conditions of a Subloan, entered into among:
            (i)   the Participating Municipality (as (A) borrower of the
                  Subloan and as the party responsible for carrying out the
                  Subproject in question and thereafter operating the solid
                  waste infrastructure created through said Subproject or
                  solely as (B) the beneficiary, and party responsible for
                  operation of, the solid waste infrastructure created
                  through said Subproject);
           (ii)   the Borrower (as lender of the Subloan); and
          (iii)   the Participating Municipality's State (as (A) borrower
                  of the Subloan and as the party responsible for carrying
                  out the Subproject in question if the Participating
                  Municipality is not the borrower of the Subloan or as (B)
                  guarantor of the Subloan if the Participating
                  Municipality is the borrower of the Subloan);
      (w)   "Subproject" means a specific solid waste management project to
be carried out utilizing the proceeds of a Subloan;
      (x)   "SWM Implementation Letter" means the letter of even date
herewith, from the Borrower and the Guarantor to the Bank, containing the
Annexes referred to throughout the Loan Agreement and Guarantee Agreement;
and
      (y)   "SWM Sector" means the solid waste management sector.
                                ARTICLE II
                                 The Loan
      Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the Borrower, on the terms
and conditions set forth or referred to in the Loan Agreement, various
currencies that shall have an aggregate value equivalent to the amount of
two hundred million Dollars ($200,000,000), being the sum of withdrawals of
the proceeds of the Loan, with each withdrawal valued by the Bank as of the
date of such withdrawal.
Page  4
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Loan may be withdrawn from the
Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the Bank shall so agree, to be made)
in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for the
Project described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Loan.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project, open and
maintain in Dollars a special deposit account in Banco de Mexico on terms
and conditions satisfactory to the Bank. Deposits into, and payments out of,
the Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 6 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1999 or such
later date as the Bank shall establish. The Bank shall promptly notify the
Borrower and the Guarantor of such later date.
      Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a commitment charge
at the rate of three-fourths of one per cent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the
principal amount of the Loan not withdrawn from time to time.
      Section 2.05. (a) The Borrower shall pay interest on the principal
amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time to time, at a rate
for each Interest Period equal to the Cost of Qualified Borrowings
determined in respect of the preceding Semester, plus one-half of one
percent (1/2 of 1%). On each of the dates specified in Section 2.06 of this
Agreement, the Borrower shall pay interest accrued on the principal amount
outstanding during the preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rate
applicable during such Interest Period.
      (b)   As soon as practicable after the end of each Semester, the Bank
shall notify the Borrower and the Guarantor of the Cost of Qualified
Borrowings determined in respect of such Semester.
      (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   "Interest Period" means a six-month period ending on the
                  date immediately preceding each date specified in Section
                  2.06 of this Agreement, beginning with the Interest
                  Period in which this Agreement is signed.
            (ii)  "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the cost, as
                  reasonably determined by the Bank and expressed as a
                  percentage per annum, of the outstanding borrowings of
                  the Bank drawn down after June 30, 1982, excluding such
                  borrowings or portions thereof as the Bank has allocated
                  to fund: (A) the Bank's investments; and (B) loans which
                  may be made by the Bank after July 1, 1989 bearing
                  interest rates determined otherwise than as provided in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section.
            (iii) "Semester" means the first six months or the second six
                  months of a calendar year.
      (d)   On such date as the Bank may specify by no less than six months'
notice to the Borrower, paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) (iii) of this Section
shall be amended to read as follows:
                  "(a)  The Borrower shall pay interest on the principal
            amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time to time,
            at a rate for each Quarter equal to the Cost of Qualified
            Borrowings determined in respect of the preceding Quarter, plus
            one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%). On each of the dates
            specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall
            pay interest accrued on the principal amount outstanding during
            the preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rates
            applicable during such Interest Period."
                  "(b)  As soon as practicable after the end of each
            Quarter, the Bank shall notify the Borrower and the Guarantor
            of the Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of
            such Quarter."
Page  5
                  "(c) (iii) `Quarter' means a three-month period
            commencing on January 1, April 1, July 1 or October 1 in a
            calendar year."
      Section 2.06. Interest and other charges shall be payable semiannually
on March 15 and September 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the
Loan in accordance with the amortization schedule set forth in Schedule 3
to this Agreement.
                                ARTICLE III
                         Transfer of Loan Proceeds
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower shall enter into contractual
arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank, with the Guarantor, providing, inter
alia, for:
            (i)   transfer to the Guarantor of the proceeds of the Loan in
                  the same currencies as received from the Bank;
            (ii)  onlending by the Guarantor to the Borrower of the
                  proceeds of the Loan to carry out Parts A.2 and B of the
                  Project under terms and conditions which shall include:
                  (A) funds onlent shall be denominated and repayable in
                  pesos; (B) the interest rate charged on funds shall be
                  equal to the CETES Rate and shall be paid on amounts
                  withdrawn and outstanding on a monthly basis; and (C)
                  principal amounts withdrawn and outstanding shall be
                  repaid semiannually in accordance with the timetable set
                  forth in the Amortization Schedule in Schedule 3 to this
                  Agreement;
            (iii) provision by the Guarantor to the Borrower, in accordance
                  with the Normatividad and by means of specific annual
                  budgetary allocations, of all amounts required to cover:
                  (A) the difference, if any, between the CETES Rate and
                  the interest rate charged by the Borrower on Subloans
                  under Part B of the Project; and (B) financial
                  intermediation and operating costs of the Borrower; and
            (iv)  payment by the Guarantor to the Borrower of all amounts
                  required by the Borrower to pay to the Bank on account of
                  principal, interest and other charges on the proceeds of
                  the Loan.
      (b)   Except as the Bank may otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not
amend or fail to enforce the contractual arrangements referred to in
paragraph (a) of this Section. The Borrower shall exercise its rights under
such contractual arrangements in such a manner as to protect the interests
of the Borrower and the Bank and to accomplish the purposes of the Loan. The
Borrower shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition which interferes
or threatens to interfere with the performance by the Borrower of its
obligations under the contractual arrangements referred to in paragraph (a)
of this Section or under a Subloan Agreement.
                                ARTICLE IV
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 4.01. The Borrower declares its commitment to the objectives
of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, and, to this
end, shall: (i) carry out Parts A.2 and B of the Project and conduct its
operations and affairs in accordance with sound administrative and financial
standards and practices, with sound environmental practices, and with
qualified management and personnel, as well as in accordance with the
Charter; and (ii) provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for it to carry out
Parts A.2 and B of the Project.
Page  6
      Section 4.02. (a) With respect to Part B of the Project, the Borrower
undertakes that, unless the Bank shall otherwise agree, Subloans will be
made in accordance with the procedures and on the terms and conditions set
forth or referred to in Schedule 5 to this Agreement and elsewhere in this
Agreement. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not
amend or fail to enforce any provision of a Subloan Agreement. To this end,
the Borrower shall promptly exercise its rights set forth in paragraph 4 (f)
of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (b)   The Borrower shall comply with its obligations under Subloans
and shall exercise its rights in relation to each Subproject in such manner
as to: (i) protect the interests of the Bank and the Borrower; (ii) comply
with its obligations under this Agreement; and (iii) achieve the purposes
of the Project.
      Section 4.03. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, procurement
of the goods, works and consultants' services required for the Project and
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the
provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 4.04. For the purpose of the execution of Part A.2 of the
Project, the Borrower shall:
      (a)   carry out the institutional strengthening program set forth in
Annex B to the SWM Implementation Letter and employ, until the completion
of the Project, the professional specialists (providing non-consultant
services) and consultants described in paragraphs 5 and 6 thereof; and
      (b)   ensure participation of relevant staff in the National Training
Program.
      Section 4.05. For the purpose of the execution of Part B of the
Project, the Borrower shall:
      (a)   carry out the functions summarized in the last section of Annex
D to the SWM Implementation Letter;
      (b)   implement said Part of the Project in accordance with the
Operation Manual and, unless the Bank shall otherwise agree, the Borrower
shall not change or waive any provision of the Operation Manual;
      (c)   not enter into Subloans for technical assistance unless the
relevant Participating Municipality meets the following eligibility
criteria:
            (i)   it has a population in excess of 80,000 or is identified
                  according to the provisions of the Operation Manual as
                  being of strategic importance; and
           (ii)   it has provided the Borrower with a letter expressing
                  interest in participating in the Project on the terms set
                  forth in the Operation Manual;
      (d)   not enter into Subloans for investments unless the  relevant
Participating Municipality meets the following eligibility criteria:
            (i)   it meets the requirements set forth in subparagraphs (i)
                  and (ii) of paragraph (c) of this Section 4.05 and has
                  expressed its agreement in writing to the relevant ISWMP
                  approved by SEDESOL;
           (ii)   it has within its administrative structure an area
                  responsible for managing solid waste services which keeps
                  separate accounts that are audited by independent and
                  qualified auditors;
          (iii)   it has expressed a commitment by letter to SEDESOL to
                  achieve full cost recovery in accordance with the
                  provisions of Annex H to the SWM Implementation Letter;
           (iv)   there exist complete final engineering designs,
                  consistent with the relevant ISWMP, for the Subproject;
Page  7
            (v)   there exists a Social Action Plan approved by SEDESOL for
                  the Subproject, if such Subproject affects Scavengers;
                  and
           (vi)   there exists an environmental impact assessment for the
                  Subproject and such assessment has been approved by the
                  relevant State or INE at the request of the State; and
      (e)   prior to making a Subloan for an investment Subproject, obtain
written assurance from SEDESOL that such Subproject represents the least
cost solution as determined by the economic evaluation methodology described
in Annex I to the SWM Implementation Letter.
      Section 4.06. The Borrower shall participate in the annual and midterm
reviews referred to in Section 3.08 of the Guarantee Agreement.
      Section 4.07. Throughout the course of Project implementation, and
without limitation upon the provisions of Section 9.07 of the General
Conditions, the Borrower shall, with the assistance of the Guarantor and in
a form satisfactory to the Bank, furnish to the Bank by August 31 (for the
semester January 1 - June 30) and by February 28 (for the semester July 1 -
 December 31) progress reports on the implementation of the Project. Said
reports shall show actual progress achieved compared to the implementation
plan (including performance and financial indicators) set forth in Annex E
to the SWM Implementation Letter and shall evaluate compliance with Subloan
conditionality and detail actions taken to enforce compliance or to ensure
that corrective action is taken as required.
      Section 4.08. The Bank and the Borrower hereby agree that the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.10 of
the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services,
plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land acquisition,
respectively) with respect to Parts A.1, A.3 and C of the Project shall be
carried out or caused to be carried out by the Guarantor pursuant to Section
3.09 of the Guarantee Agreement.
                                 ARTICLE V
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 5.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect, in accordance with
sound accounting practices, its operations and financial condition,
including records and separate accounts for the Project.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial statements
                  (balance sheets, statements of income and expenses and
                  related statements) and the records and accounts for the
                  Special Account for each fiscal year audited, in
                  accordance with generally accepted auditing standards
                  consistently applied, by independent and qualified
                  auditors;
            (ii)  furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in any case
                  not later than six months after the end of each such
                  year, (A) certified copies of its financial statements
                  for such year as so audited and (B) the report of such
                  audit by said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                  as the Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
            (iii) furnish to the Bank such other information concerning
                  said records, accounts and financial statements as well
                  as the audit thereof as the Bank shall from time to time
                  reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals from the
Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of expenditure, the
Borrower shall:
Page  8
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance with
                  paragraph (a) of this Section, records and accounts
                  reflecting such expenditures;
            (ii)  retain or cause to be retained, until at least one year
                  after the Bank has received the audit report for the
                  fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from the Loan
                  Account or payment out of the Special Account was made,
                  all records (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts
                  and other documents) evidencing such expenditures;
           (iii)  enable the Bank's representatives to examine such
                  records; and
            (iv)  ensure that such records and accounts are included in the
                  annual audit referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section
                  and that the report of such audit contains a separate
                  opinion by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year, together
                  with the procedures and internal controls involved in
                  their preparation, can be relied upon to support the
                  related withdrawals.
                                ARTICLE VI
                           Remedies of the Bank
      Section 6.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (l) of the General Conditions,
the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   that the Charter or other documents under which the Borrower
operates shall have been amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived
so as to affect materially and adversely the operations or the financial
condition of the Borrower or its ability to carry out the Project or to
perform any of its obligations under this Agreement;
      (b)   that any action shall have been taken for liquidation,
dissolution or disestablishment of the Borrower or for the suspension of its
operations; and
      (c)   that the Ley General del Equilibrio Ecologico y la Proteccion
al Ambiente (General Law for Ecological Equilibrium and Environmental
Protection), published in the guarantor's Diario Oficial de la Federacion
(Official Gazette) on January 28, 1988, or the regulations thereunder, both
as amended to the date of this agreement, shall have been amended,
suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially and
adversely the carrying out of the Project.
      Section 6.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (h) of the General Conditions,
the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any event specified in paragraph (a), (b) or (c) of Section 6.01
of this Agreement shall occur.
                                ARTICLE VII
                        Effective Date; Termination
      Section 7.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Loan Agreement within the meaning of
Section 12.01 (c) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   that the contractual arrangements referred to in Section 3.01
(a) of this Agreement shall have been entered into;
      (b)   that the eligibility criteria set forth in Section 4.05 (d) of
the Loan Agreement have been met with respect to two non-conurbated
Participating Municipalities;
      (c)   that the coordinator of the consultants referred to in Section
3.04 (b) of the Guarantee Agreement has been employed and has taken up his
or her position;
Page  9
      (d)   that the three States referred to in Part A.1 (b) (ii) of the
Project have been selected; and
      (e)   that the Borrower's manual, satisfactory to the Bank, for the
execution of Parts B and C of the Project has been furnished to the Bank.
      Section 7.02. The following is specified as an additional matter,
within the meaning of Section 12.02 (c) of the General Conditions, to be
included in the opinion or opinions to be furnished to the Bank, namely
that, on behalf of each of the parties to the contractual arrangements
referred to in Section 3.01 (a) of this Agreement, such contractual
arrangements have been duly authorized or ratified by each such party and
are legally binding upon each such party in accordance with their terms.
      Section 7.03. The date January 3, 1995 is hereby specified for the
purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                               ARTICLE VIII
                 Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 8.01. The Director General of the Borrower is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the
General Conditions.
      Section 8.02. The following addresses are specified for the purposes
of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      For the Borrower:
            Banco Nacional de Obras y Servicios Publicos, S.N.C.
            Tecoyotitla 100
            Colonia Florida
            01030 Mexico, D.F.
            Mexico
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  BANTECARIO                BNOSME 01772619
                  Mexico City               Mexico City
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly
authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in Madrid, Spain, as of the day and year first above
written.
                        INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                          RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                        By /s/ Shahid Javed Burki
                        Regional Vice President
Page  10
                        Latin America and the Caribbean
                        BANCO NACIONAL DE OBRAS Y SERVICIOS PUBLICOS, S.N.C.
                        By /s/ Jacques Rogozinski Schtulman
                        Authorized Representative
                                SCHEDULE 1
                  Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Loan, the allocation of the amounts of the Loan to
each Category and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be financed
in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category             Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(1) Equipment and                650,000             90%
    materials for
    Part A of the
    Project
(2) Subloans for             160,000,000             50%
    investments
    under Part B
    of the Project
(3) Consulting ser-           17,000,000            100%
    vices, training
    and technical
    assistance,
    including
    Subloans for
    technical assis-
    tance
(4) Unallocated               22,350,000
                             ___________
         TOTAL               200,000,000
                             ===========
2.  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no withdrawals
shall be made in respect of: (a) payments made for expenditures prior to the
date of this Agreement, except that withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not
to exceed $5,000,000, may be made in respect of Categories (1), (2) and (3)
in the table in paragraph 1 of this Schedule on account of payments made for
expenditures before that date but after February 15, 1994; and (b) Category
(2) in such table until the entities and individuals listed in paragraph 7
of Annex A of the SWM Implementation Letter and in paragraph 8 of Annex B
of the SWM Implementation Letter have been employed.
3.  The Bank may require withdrawals from the Loan Account to be made on the
basis of statements of expenditure for expenditures under contracts for
goods under $350,000 equivalent per contract, works under $2,000,000
equivalent per contract and for consultant services under $100,000 per
contract (in the case of consulting firms) or under $50,000 equivalent per
contract (in the case of individual consultants), under such terms and
conditions as the Bank shall specify by notice to the Borrower.
                                SCHEDULE 2
                        Description of the Project
    The objectives of the Project are: (a) to extend and to improve solid
waste services in Participating Municipalities; (b) to strengthen the
Page  11
capacity of the Borrower and SEDESOL to appraise and supervise solid waste
projects and to provide technical assistance to Municipalities; (c) to
increase technical, administrative and regulatory capacity at the State and
local levels to improve SWM Sector management and operations; (d) to improve
the legal and regulatory framework and cost recovery mechanisms of the SWM
Sector to encourage private sector involvement and to safeguard the
environment; (e) to correct environmental problems and to reduce health
hazards caused by inadequate collection and disposal systems; and (f) to
mitigate the social impact on Scavengers of the establishment of modern
waste collection and disposal systems.
    The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Bank may agree upon from time
to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:   Institutional Strengthening
1.  Strengthening SEDESOL's capacity with respect to:
    (a)   the promotion, evaluation and supervision of Subprojects,
including the provision of assistance to Municipalities in solid waste
system design and operation and the preparation and implementation of Social
Action Plans;
    (b)   the implementation of a program for strengthening environmental
management of solid waste through: (i) the development of federal norms for
solid waste management; (ii) the preparation of model regulations for States
and Municipalities for solid waste management and the provision of technical
assistance to three States in the introduction and implementation of such
regulations; (iii) the development of guidelines for State and municipal
environmental assessment and control of solid waste disposal systems; and
(iv) the strengthening of federal environmental enforcement capacity; and
    (c)   the carrying out of studies for: (i) the development of a national
recycling strategy through analysis of market prices and incentives for
recycling, analysis of the downstream environmental impact of recycling, and
the execution of a public awareness campaign; and (ii) the preparation of
ISWMPs.
2.  Strengthening the Borrower's capacity to review the financial and
economic viability of Subprojects, to assist Municipalities in financial
management of solid waste management activities, and to monitor the
execution of Subprojects.
3.  Strengthening the capacity of States and Municipalities through:
    (a)   the provision of technical assistance (financed other than through
Subloans) to improve their solid waste planning and management capacity and
to prepare final engineering designs and environmental impact assessments;
and
    (b)   the development and implementation by SEDESOL of the National
Training Program.
Part B:   Provision of Subloans
    Provision of Subloans for technical assistance or works or goods with
respect to the preparation and/or implementation of ISWMPs and/or Social
Action Plans.
Part C:   Assistance to Scavengers
    Assistance to Scavengers through:
1.  Training of Scavengers in basic skills, specialization in recycling and
in other vocational areas, and in basic health, nutrition and child care.
2.  Provision of basic infrastructure and building materials for self-help
construction of dwellings for families living in dumps to be closed or
transformed into sanitary landfills under Part B of the Project.
                                   * * *
Page  12
    The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1999.
                                SCHEDULE 3
                           Amortization Schedule
                                    Payment of Principal
    Date Payment Due               (expressed in dollars)*
On each March 15 and September 15
    beginning September 15, 1999         $10,000,000
    through March 15, 2009
__________________________
*   The figures in this column represent dollar equivalents determined as
    of the respective dates of withdrawal. See General Conditions, Sections
    3.04 and 4.03.
                          Premiums on Prepayment
    Pursuant to Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions, the premium
payable on the principal amount of any maturity of the Loan to be prepaid
shall be the percentage specified for the applicable time of prepayment
below:
    Time of Prepayment                         Premium
                                   The interest rate (expressed as a
                                   percentage per annum) applicable to the
                                   Loan on the day of prepayment multiplied
                                   by:
Not more than three years                      0.20
    before maturity
More than three years but                      0.40
    not more than six years
    before maturity
More than six years but                        0.73
    not more than 11 years
    before maturity
More than 11 years but not                     0.87
    more than 13 years
    before maturity
Page  13
More than 13 years before                      1.00
    maturity
                                SCHEDULE 4
                   Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
1.  Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent with those
set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines).
For fixed-price contracts, the invitation to bid referred to in paragraph
2.13 of the Guidelines shall provide that, when contract award is delayed
beyond the original bid validity period, the successful bidder's bid price
will be increased for each week of delay by a predisclosed correction factor
acceptable to the Bank. Such an increase shall not be taken into account in
the bid evaluation.
2.  In the procurement of works in accordance with this Part A, bidding
documents prepared by the Guarantor, if consistent with the Guidelines and
otherwise satisfactory to the Bank, shall be used until the Bank issues
relevant standard bidding documents for Mexico acceptable to the Guarantor.
At the time of such issuance and thereafter, only said relevant standard
bidding documents (with such modifications thereto as the Bank shall have
agreed to be necessary for the purposes of the Project) shall be used.
3.  In the procurement of goods in accordance with this Part A, the relevant
standard bidding documents issued by the Bank, with such modifications
thereto as the Bank shall have agreed to be necessary for the purposes of
the Project, shall be used; provided, however, that for any such procurement
for which the invitation to bid ("convocatoria") is dated prior to February
1, 1994, standard bidding documents based on the so-called "Cuernavaca
Documents" with such changes as may be agreed by the Bank and the Guarantor
for each contract shall be used.
4.  To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall be grouped into bid
packages estimated to cost the equivalent of $350,000 or more each, and
contracts for civil works shall be grouped in bid packages estimated to cost
the equivalent of $10,000,000 or more each.
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
    In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures described
in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in Mexico may be granted a margin of
preference in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs
2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2
thereto.
Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.  Civil works estimated to cost the equivalent of less than $10,000,000
per contract or per bid package, but more than $300,000 equivalent, up to
an aggregate amount equivalent to $220,200,000, may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally,
in accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Bank. Such procurement
shall take place using standard bidding documents satisfactory to the Bank.
2.  Goods (other than those referred to in paragraph 4 of this Part C)
estimated to cost the equivalent of less than $350,000 per contract or bid
package, but more than $100,000 equivalent, up to an aggregate amount
equivalent to $5,000,000 may be procured under contracts awarded on the
basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Bank. Such procurement shall take place using
standard bidding documents satisfactory to the Bank.
3.  Civil works estimated to cost less than the equivalent of $300,000 per
contract, up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent of
$6,100,000, and goods (other than those referred to in paragraph 4 of this
Part C) estimated to cost less than the equivalent of $150,000 per contract,
Page  14
up to an aggregate amount not to exceed $300,000, may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price quotations obtained
from at least three suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance
with procedures acceptable to the Bank.
4.  Computers for Part A of the Project and weighing scales financed
pursuant to Part B of the Project shall be procured under contracts awarded
through limited international bidding procedures on the basis of evaluation
and comparison of bids obtained from at least three qualified suppliers
eligible under the Guidelines and in accordance with procedures set forth
in Sections I and II of the Guidelines (excluding paragraphs 2.8, 2.9, 2.55
and 2.56 thereof).  The fixed-price contract provisions in paragraph 1 of
Part A of this Section I, as well as the standard bidding document
provisions in paragraph 3 of Part A of this Section I, shall also apply to
such limited international bidding.
Part D:   Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.  Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final contracts:
    (a)   With respect to each contract for civil works estimated to cost
the equivalent of $2,000,000 or more, each contract for goods estimated to
cost the equivalent of $350,000 or more and each contract for goods covered
by paragraph 4 of Part C of this Section I, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where
payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2
(d) shall be furnished to the Bank prior to the making of the first payment
out of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
    (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the preceding
paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to
the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, said procedures shall be modified to ensure thatthe two 
conformed copies of the contract together with the other information
required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished pursuant to
paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
    (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall not apply
to contracts on account of which withdrawals are to be made on the basis of
statements of expenditure.
2.  The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of paragraph 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
1.  In order to assist the Borrower, the Guarantor and Participating
Municipalities or States in carrying out the Project, such parties shall
employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms and conditions
of employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank. Such consultants shall be
selected in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World
Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the
Bank in August 1981 (the Consultant Guidelines). For complex, time-based
assignments, such consultants shall be employed under contracts using the
standard form of contract for consultants' services issued by the Bank, with
such modifications as shall have been agreed by the Bank. Where no relevant
standard contract documents have been issued by the Bank, other standard
forms agreed with the Bank shall be used.
2.  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Section, the
provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring prior Bank review or
approval of budgets, short lists, selection procedures, letters of
invitation, proposals, evaluation reports and contracts shall not apply to:
(a) contracts for the employment of consulting firms estimated to cost less
than $100,000 equivalent each; or (b) contracts for the employment of
individuals estimated to cost less than $50,000 equivalent each. However,
said exceptions to prior Bank review shall not apply to: (a) the terms of
reference for such contracts; (b) single source selection of consulting
Page  15
firms, (c) assignments of a critical nature, as reasonably determined by the
Bank; (d) amendments of contracts for the employment of consulting firms
raising the contract value to $100,000 equivalent or above; or (e)
amendments to contracts for the employment of individual consultants raising
the contract value to $50,000 equivalent or above.
                                SCHEDULE 5
                 Subproject Financing Mix; Procedures for
                    and Terms and Conditions of Subloans
1.  (a)   The amortization period for a Subloan for investments shall not
exceed fifteen years, with a maximum grace period of three years. The
amortization period for a Subloan for technical assistance shall not exceed
three years.
    (b)   Subloans shall be denominated and repayable in pesos. The interest
rate on such Subloans shall be variable and no less than the sum of (i) the
CETES Rate or CPP, whichever is higher at the time such sum is made, plus,
in the case of a Subloan for investments, (ii) two percentage points.
    (c)   Costs for Subprojects shall be covered by a combination of:
(i) Subloans; (ii) grants from the Guarantor to the entity (Participating
Municipality or its State) responsible for carrying out the Subproject; and
(iii) contributions, in cash or in kind, by the Participating Municipality
or its State, in the following proportions:
                                                Participating
                                               Municipality or
Marginality Index       Subloan    Grant     State Contribution
                       Subprojects for investments:
High                      0%       80% (max)      20% (min)
Medium                   50%       35% (max)      15% (min)
Low                      50%       25% (max)      25% (min)
                   Subprojects for technical assistance:
High                      0%       80% (max)      20% (min)
Medium                   15%       45% (max)      40% (min)
Low                      25%       25% (max)      50% (min)
    (d)   Subloans for technical assistance may be refinanced under the
Subloan for investments for the same Subproject (if the borrower of both
such types of Subloans was the same).
    (e)   All Subloans shall be guaranteed by the State in which the
Participating Municipality is located (unless the State is the borrower of
the Subloan).
    (f)   Subloans for investments may include financing for the
implementation of Social Action Plans.
2.  No expenditures for goods, works or services required for a Subproject
shall be eligible for financing out of the proceeds of the Loan unless:
    (a)   the Subloan for such Subproject shall have been approved by the
Bank and such expenditures shall have been made after the date on which the
Bank shall have approved the application referred to in paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule in respect of such Subloan; or
    (b)   the Subloan for such Subproject is a free-limit Subloan, in which
case no application to the Bank and no prior approval of the Bank is
required but the information required under paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule
in respect of such Subloan shall be kept by the Borrower for the Bank's
information and ex post review. For the purposes of this agreement, a free-
limit Subloan shall be: (i) a Subloan made solely for technical assistance;
Page  16
and (ii) a Subloan for investments in an amount which, when added to any
other outstanding amounts of Subloans for investments in the same
Participating Municipality, shall not exceed the sum of $10,000,000
equivalent (provided, however, that the first five Subloans for investments,
regardless of amount, shall not be considered as free-limit Subloans). In
no case shall a Subloan for which a State is the borrower, or a Subloan for
an investment Subproject which affects more than 200 Scavengers pursuant to
Part C of the Project, be considered a free-limit Subloan.
3.  (a)   When presenting a Subloan to the Bank for approval, the Borrower
shall furnish to the Bank an application, in form satisfactory to the Bank,
together with the following information: (i) an appraisal of the Subproject,
including the Social Action Plan (if such Subproject affects Scavengers),
the ISWMP, and a description of the expenditures proposed to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Loan; (ii) the proposed terms and conditions of the
Subloan including the amortization schedule of the Subloan; (iii) evidence
that SEDESOL has approved the Subproject and the Social Action Plan in
question; and (iv) such other information as the Bank shall reasonably request.
    (b)   Applications made pursuant to the provisions of subparagraph (a)
of this paragraph shall be presented to the Bank on or before June 30, 1998.
4.  Subloans shall be made on terms whereby the Borrower shall obtain, by
written Subloan Agreement, rights adequate to protect the interests of the
Bank and the Borrower, including the right to:
    (a)   require that the Subproject be carried out, and the solid waste
infrastructure created pursuant thereto be operated, with due diligence and
efficiency and in accordance with sound technical, financial,
administrative, environmental and managerial standards, as well as in
accordance with the Operation Manual;
    (b)   require that: (i) the goods, works and services to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Subloan shall be procured in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement; (ii) such goods, works and
services shall be used exclusively in the carrying out of the Subproject;
and (iii) all design and construction documents for Subproject
infrastructure shall be approved by SEDESOL to ensure their consistency with
SWM Sector norms;
    (c)   inspect, by itself or jointly with representatives of the Bank if
the Bank shall so request, such goods and the sites, works, plants and
construction included in the Subproject, the operation thereof, and any
relevant records and documents;
    (d)   require that: (i) insurance, against such risks and in such
amounts as shall be consistent with sound business practice, be taken out
and maintained with responsible insurers (A) with respect to Subproject
execution, by the entity (Participating Municipality or its State)
responsible for carrying out the Subproject and (B) with respect to
operation of the solid waste infrastructure created through said Subproject,
by the Participating Municipality; and (ii) without any limitation upon the
foregoing, such insurance shall cover hazards incident to the acquisition,
transportation and delivery of goods financed out of the proceeds of the
Subloan to the place of use or installation, any indemnity thereunder to be
made payable in a currency freely usable by the insured party to replace or
repair such goods;
    (e)   obtain all such information as the Bank or the Borrower shall
reasonably request relating to the foregoing and to the administration,
operations and financial condition of the Participating Municipality (and
of the relevant State if such State is the borrower of the Subloan) and to
the benefits to be derived from the Subproject; and
    (f)   suspend or terminate the right of the borrower of the Subloan to
the use of the proceeds of the Subloan upon failure by the Participating
Municipality and/or its State to perform any of their obligations under the
Subloan Agreement and, in such case, at the option of the Borrower, to
declare the principal of the Subloan to be due and payable immediately
together with the interest and other charges thereon.
5.  Subloan Agreements shall also include provisions whereby:
Page  17
    (a)   the Participating Municipality (and its State if such State is the
borrower of the Subloan) shall maintain records and accounts adequate to
reflect, in accordance with sound accounting practices, all resources and
expenditures in respect of the Subproject;
    (b)   the Participating Municipality shall (and its State if such State
is the borrower of the Subloan): (i) have the records and accounts referred
to in paragraph 5 (a) of this Schedule for each fiscal year audited in
accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and procedures, by
independent and qualified auditors acceptable to the Borrower; (ii) furnish
to the Borrower as soon as available, but in any case not later than six
months after the end of each such year, the report of such audit by said
auditors of such scope and in such detail as the Borrower shall have
reasonably requested; and (iii) furnish to the Borrower such other
information concerning said records and accounts as well as the audit
thereof, as the Borrower shall from time to time reasonably request;
    (c)   the borrower of the Subloan shall present to the Borrower
documentation justifying the expenditures to which Subloan withdrawals shall
apply, and the documentation shall be such as would be acceptable by the
Bank for processing withdrawal applications presented by the Borrower under
the Loan Agreement;
    (d)   the Participating Municipality, in the case of a Subloan Agreement
for an investment Subproject, commits itself to full cost recovery with
respect to solid waste collection and disposal in accordance with the
provisions of Annex H of the SWM Implementation Letter (if the Participating
Municipality is not the borrower of the Subloan, it shall also commit itself
to transfer to the borrower of the Subloan the portion of such cost recovery
required to cover such borrower's Subloan principal repayment and interest
obligations);
    (e)   the Participating Municipality or its State must make a
contribution, in cash or in kind, to the Subproject equal to the applicable
percentage referred to in paragraph 1 (c) of this Schedule;
    (f)   the Participating Municipality undertakes to meet minimum
operating and financial targets specified in the relevant Subloan Agreement;
and
    (g)   the borrower of the Subloan and Participating Municipality (if
different from said borrower), in the case of a Subloan Agreement for an
investment Subproject, commit themselves to carry out the Social Action Plan
referred to in Section 4.05 (d) (v) of this Agreement and to abide by the
terms of the relevant ISWMP.
                                SCHEDULE 6
                              Special Account
1.  For the purposes of this Schedule:
    (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1), (2) and (3)
set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
    (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in respect of
the reasonable cost of goods and services required for the Project and to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan allocated from time to time to
the eligible Categories in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement; and
    (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount equivalent to
$12,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Loan Account and deposited in the
Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.  Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively for
eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this Schedule.
3.  After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to it that the Special
Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and
subsequent withdrawals to replenish the Special Account shall be made as
follows:
Page  18
    (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the Borrower shall
furnish to the Bank a request or requests for a deposit or deposits which
do not exceed the aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation. On the
basis of such request or requests, the Bank shall, on behalf of the
Borrower, withdraw from the Loan Account and deposit in the Special Account
such amount or amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
    (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the Borrower
                shall furnish to the Bank requests for deposits into the
                Special Account at such intervals as the Bank shall
                specify.
          (ii)  Prior to or at the time of each such request, the Borrower
                shall furnish to the Bank the documents and other evidence
                required pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the
                payment or payments in respect of which replenishment is
                requested. On the basis of each such request, the Bank
                shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan
                Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount as
                the Borrower shall have requested and as shall have been
                shown by said documents and other evidence to have been
                paid out of the Special Account for eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the Loan Account under
the respective eligible Categories, and in the respective equivalent
amounts, as shall have been justified by said documents and other evidence.
4.  For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special Account, the
Borrower shall, at such time as the Bank shall reasonably request, furnish
to the Bank such documents and other evidence showing that such payment was
made exclusively for eligible expenditures.
5.  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this Schedule, the Bank
shall not be required to make further deposits into the Special Account:
    (a)   if, at any time, the Bank shall have determined that all further
withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly from the Loan Account
in accordance with the provisions of Article V of the General Conditions and
paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this Agreement; or
    (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated to the
eligible Categories, less the amount of any outstanding special commitment
entered into by the Bank pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions
with respect to the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount
of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Loan Account of the remaining unwithdrawn
amount of the Loan allocated to the eligible Categories shall follow such
procedures as the Bank shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further
withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent that the Bank shall
have been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in making
payments for eligible expenditures.
6.  (a)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any payment out
of the Special Account: (i) was made for an expenditure or in an amount not
eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified
by the evidence furnished to the Bank, the Borrower shall, promptly upon
notice from the Bank: (A) provide such additional evidence as the Bank may
request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Bank shall so
request, refund to the Bank) an amount equal to the amount of such payment
or the portion thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless the Bank shall
otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Bank into the Special Account
shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence or made such
deposit or refund, as the case may be.
    (b)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any amount
outstanding in the Special Account will not be required to cover further
payments for eligible expenditures, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice
from the Bank, refund to the Bank such outstanding amount.
Page  19
    (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Bank, refund to the Bank all
or any portion of the funds on deposit in the Special Account.
    (d)   Refunds to the Bank made pursuant to paragraphs 6 (a), (b) and (c)
of this Schedule shall be credited to the Loan Account for subsequent
withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance with the relevant provisions
of this Agreement, including the General Conditions.
                                SCHEDULE 7
                    Modifications of General Conditions
    For the purpose of this Agreement, the provisions of the General
Conditions are modified as follows:
1.  The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
2.  In Section 6.02, subparagraph (k) is relettered as sub-paragraph (l) and
a new subparagraph (k) is added to read:
          "(k)  An extraordinary situation shall have arisen under which any
    further withdrawals under the Loan would be inconsistent with the
    provisions of Article III, Section 3 of the Bank's Articles of
    Agreement."
3.  The words "the Bank may, by notice to the Borrower and the Guarantor,
terminate the right of the Borrower to make withdrawals with respect to such
amount. Upon the giving of such notice, such amount of the Loan shall be
cancelled" set forth at the end of Section 6.03 are deleted and the
following is substituted therefor: "or (f) by the date specified in
paragraph 3 (b) of Schedule 5 to the Loan Agreement, the Bank shall, in
respect of any portion of the Loan: (i) have received no applications
permitted under paragraph 2 (a) of Schedule 5 to the Loan Agreement; or (ii)
have denied any such applications, the Bank may, by notice to the Borrower
and the Guarantor, terminate the right of the Borrower to submit such
applications or to make withdrawals from the Loan Account, as the case may
be, with respect to such amount or portion of the Loan. Upon the giving of
such notice, such amount or portion of the Loan shall be cancelled.".
