Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                   CREDIT NUMBER 2887 MAU
                                                   (Amendment)
                              Agreement Amending
                         Development Credit Agreement
                      (Public Resource Management Credit)
                                   between
                       ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF MAURITANIA
                                    and
                    INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                          Dated December 18, 1996
                                                   CREDIT NUMBER 2887 MAU
                                                   (Amendment)
                            AGREEMENT AMENDING
                      DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated December 18, 1996, between ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF
MAURITANIA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association).
     WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower and the Association have entered into a
Development Credit Agreement (Public Resource Management Credit), dated
July 1, 1996, (the Development Credit Agreement) for the purpose of
assisting in the implementation of the Borrower's Program to achieve
improvement in the mobilization of domestic resources and public
expenditure allocation and management referred to in Recital (A) of
the Preamble to the Development Credit Agreement (the Program);
     (B)  the Borrower has requested the Association to provide
additional assistance towards the financing of the Program by
increasing the amount made available under the Development Credit
Agreement by an amount in various currencies equivalent to four
hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 400,000); and
     WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia, of
the foregoing, to provide such additional assistance to the Borrower
upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                                 ARTICLE I
                        Amendments of the Development
                               Credit Agreement
     Section 1.01. Section 1.02 of the Development Credit Agreement is
amended by deleting the "and" at the end of Subsection (i), substi-
tuting "; and" for "." at the end of Subsection (j) and adding a new
Subsection (k) as follows:
          "(k)  'Amending Agreement' means the Agreement Amending the
          Development Credit Agreement (Public Resource Management
          Credit) between the Borrower and the Association, dated
          December 18, 1996."
     Section 1.02. Section 2.01 of the Development Credit Agreement is
deleted and replaced by the following:
          "Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
          on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
          Development Credit Agreement as amended, an amount in various
          currencies equivalent to fourteen million three hundred
          thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 14,300,000) (the Credit)
          which includes: (a) an original amount in various currencies
          equivalent to thirteen million nine hundred thousand Special
          Drawing Rights (SDR 13,900,000) (the Initial Financing); and
          (b) an additional amount in various currencies equivalent to
          four hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 400,000)
          (the Additional Financing)."
     Section 1.03. At the end of Subsection (b) (i) of Section 2.04 of
the Development Credit Agreement:
          "provided, however, that commitment charges on the Additional
          Financing shall accrue from a date sixty days after the date
          of the Amending Agreement; and
     Section 1.04. Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement is
amended:
          (1)  under subparagraph (2) in the table set forth in para-
          graph (1) the amount of "SDR 2,500,000" is deleted and
          replaced by the amount of "SDR 2,900,000" and the "total"
          is adjusted accordingly to read "SDR 14,300,000" and
          (2)  by adding a new paragraph (7) as follows:
               "7.  After a date twelve months from the date of the
               Amending Agreement, no withdrawal shall be made and no
               commitment shall be entered into to pay amounts to or
               on the order of the Borrower in respect of expenditures
               to be financed out of the proceeds of the Additional
               Financing. At any time after such date, the Association
               may, by notice to the Borrower, cancel the unwithdrawn
               amount of the Additional Financing from the Credit
               Account or any part thereof."
                               ARTICLE II
                      Effective Date; Termination
     Section 2.01. This Amending Agreement shall not become effective
until evidence satisfactory to the Association shall have been furnished
to the Association that the execution and delivery of this Amending
Agreement on behalf of the Borrower have been duly authorized or
ratified by all necessary governmental action.
     Section 2.02. As part of the evidence to be furnished pursuant to
Section 2.01 of this Amending Agreement, there shall be furnished to
the Association an opinion or opinions satisfactory to the Association
of counsel acceptable to the Association showing, on behalf of the
Page  3
Borrower, that this Amending Agreement has been duly authorized or
ratified by, and executed and delivered on behalf of, the Borrower and
is legally binding upon the Borrower in accordance with its terms.
     Section 2.03. This Amending Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the Association dispatches to the
Borrower notice of its acceptance of the evidence required by Section
2.01 of this Amending Agreement.
     Section 2.04. If this Amending Agreement shall not have come into
force and effect by a date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Amending Agreement, this Amending Agreement and all obligations of the
parties hereunder shall terminate, unless the Association establishes
a later date for the purposes of this Section. If this Amending
Agreement shall terminate under the provisions of this Section, the
Development Credit Agreement shall continue in full force and effect,
as if this Amending Agreement had not been executed.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly
authorized representatives, have caused this Amending Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the date and year first above written.
                    ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF MAURITANIA
                    By /s/ Bilal Ould Werzeg
                                                Authorized Representative
                    INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                    By /s/ Jean-Louis Sarbib
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                                                   Africa
