Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2175 MOZ
       (Agricultural Rehabilitation and Development Project)
                              between
                  PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF MOZAMBIQUE
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                     Dated September 24, 1990
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2175 MOZ
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated September 24, 1990, between PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC
OF MOZAMBIQUE (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association).
      WHEREAS the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
Page  2
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "AERU" means Agricultural Enterprise Restructuring Unit,
(Unidade de Reestruturacao de Empresas Agrarias/UREA), a unit of the
Ministry of Agriculture, established and operating pursuant to
Despacho issued by the Minister of Agriculture of the Borrower dated
July 6, 1990 and as set forth in Part C of Schedule 6 to this
Agreement;
      (b)   "BM" means Bank of Mozambique (Banco de Mocambique), the
Central Bank of the Borrower established pursuant to its Statutes;
      (c)   "MOA" means the Ministry of Agriculture of the Borrower;
      (d)   "CM" means State Cashew Enterprise (Caju de Mocambique
E.E.), established and operating under the tutela of MOA, pursuant
to its Statutes approved by Decree No. 8/79 of the Borrower's
Council of Ministers, dated June 30, 1979;
      (e)   "SEC" means State Secretariat for Cashew (Secretaria de
Estado do Caju) established and operating within MOA pursuant to its
Statutes approved by Decree No. 79/83 of the Borrower dated
December 29, 1983;
      (f)   "DEA" means MOA's Directorate for Agricultural Econo-
mics;
      (g)   "Subsidiary Administration Agreement" means the
agreement entered into between the Borrower and BM pursuant to
Section 3.01 (c) of this Agreement, as the same may be amended from
time to time, and such terms includes all schedules to the
Subsidiary Administration Agreement;
      (h)   "PFI" and "Participating Financial Institution" mean
each commercial bank, development bank or credit institution
acceptable to the Association to which BM under an agreement
("Participation Agreement") with such bank or institution, has lent
the proceeds of the credit for relending to a Beneficiary, as
hereinafter defined, for a Subproject;
      (i)   "Beneficiary" means any: (i) commercial farmer;
(ii) trader and/or trucker involved in marketing of agriculture pro-
ducts; or (iii) cashew processing factory operating under CM, which
meets the criteria set forth in Part B of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement and to, or for which, a PFI has made or proposed to make
a Subloan for a Subproject, as hereinafter defined;
      (j)   "Subloan" means a loan or credit made or proposed to be
made by a PFI to a Beneficiary for a Subproject, as hereinafter
defined, out of the proceeds of the Credit made available to BM
under the Subsidiary Administration Agreement;
      (k)   "Subloan Agreement" means an agreement entered into
between each PFI and the respective Beneficiaries in accordance with
the procedures and on the terms and conditions set forth in
Schedule 4 to this Agreement;
      (l)   "Subproject" means a specific project to be carried out
by a Beneficiary utilizing the proceeds of a Subloan  fulfilling the
criteria and following the procedures set forth in Part B of
Schedule 4 to this Agreement;
      (m)   "PROFORGE" means Program for Economic Training (Projecto
de Formacao em Gestao) established pursuant to Despacho of the
Page  3
Borrower, dated April 8, 1986;
      (n)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advances granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to exchanges of letters dated February 19, 1988, and
May 13, 1988; and June 21, 1990, and July 17, 1990, between the
Borrower and the Association;
      (o)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (p)   "metical" and the plural "meticais" mean the currency of
the Borrower;
      (q)   "fiscal year" or "FY" means the Borrower's fiscal year
which runs from January 1 to December 31;
      (r)   "Project year" means each period of twelve months,
beginning the first Project year, on the Effective Date, as defined
in Section 6.01 of this Agreement; and
      (s)   "Project area" means the districts of Massinga,
Morrumbene, Homoine, Maxixe, Jangamo, Inharrime, and Zavala
districts in the Inhambane province, and the districts of Manjacaze,
Chibuto, Xai-Xai, and Bilene in the Gaza province.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to eleven million nine hundred thousand Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 11,900,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special account in a commercial bank
on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Association, including
appropriate protection against set-off, seizure or attachment.
Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account shall be
made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 5 to this
Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance
shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1999 or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Page  4
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restric-
tions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower;
and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for the
purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other
eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
     Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on April 15 and October 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each April 15 and October 15
commencing October 15, 2000 and ending April 15, 2030. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on April 15,
2010 shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due considera-
tion by them of the development of the Borrower's economy, modify
the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the Credit
shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
     Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
agricultural, environmental, managerial and accounting practices,
and shall provide, promptly as needed, the funds, financial re-
Page  5
sources, facilities, services and other resources required for the
Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Borrower and the Association shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall carry out the Project in
accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 6
to this Agreement.
      (c)   (i)   The Borrower shall, out of the proceeds of the
                  Credit for Part A.2 of the Project, relend to BM
                  an amount equivalent to two million three hundred
                  thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 2,300,000)
                  under the Subsidiary Administration Agreement to
                  be entered into betweeen the Borrower and BM on
                  terms and conditions which shall have been ap-
                  proved by the Association and as set forth in
                  Schedule 4 to this Agreement;
            (ii)  the Subsidiary Administration Agreement shall
                  include, inter alia, the following provisions:
               (A)      definition of the functions and respon-
                        sibilities of BM and the PFIs regarding
                        Part A.2 of the Project;
               (B)      the obligation of BM to enter into a Par-
                        ticipation Agreement with each PFI under
                        which the equivalent of the proceeds of the
                        Credit allocated under Part A.2 of the
                        Project will be lent to such PFI for relen-
                        ding in the form of Subloans to Beneficia-
                        ries to finance Subprojects, such Partici-
                        pation Agreement to be satisfactory to the
                        Association and in accordance with the
                        provisions of Part A of Schedule 4 to this
                        Agreement; and
               (C)      the Borrower, through its Ministry of
                        Finance, shall carry the foreign exchange
                        risk.
      (d)   The Borrower shall exercise and cause BM to exercise its
respective rights under the Subsidiary Administration Agreement, in
such manner as to protect the interests of the Borrower and the
Association and to accomplish the purposes of the Credit and, except
as the Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not
take or concur in any action which should have the effect of
assigning, amending, abrogating or waiving the said Agreement or any
provisions thereof.
      (e)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   ensure that Subloans made under Part A.2 of the
                  Project will be made in accordance with the
                  procedures, terms and conditions set forth in
                  Schedule 4 to this Agreement; and
           (ii)   conduct, jointly with the Association, annual
                  reviews of said procedures, terms and conditions.
      Section 3.02. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services
required for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of
the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this
Agreement.
      (b)   The procurement of plant protection chemical materials
under Part A.2 of the Project shall be reviewed and approved by the
Association.
     Section 3.03. The Borrower shall not later than December 31,
Page  6
1990:
      (a)   legally establish and thereafter maintain the Sales and
Trade Unit within CM in accordance with the provisions of Part D of
Schedule 6 to this Agreement;
      (b)   (i) select a Marketing Economist and an Economist
specialized in food processing to be assigned to  said Unit;
(ii) select a Senior Pricing Policy Analysis Officer within SEC with
the functions and responsibilities referred to under Part E of
Schedule 6 to this Agreement; and (iii) select AERU's Economist/
Agricultural Economist, Management Specialist and Information
Systems/Accounting Specialist, with qualifications and experience
satisfactory to the Association and in accordance with terms of
reference agreed with the Association; and
      (c)   cause AERU to furnish to the Association for its review
and comments the terms of reference for the formulation of the
policy and strategic investment plan referred to under Part B.1 of
the Project.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall:
      (a)   not later than December 31, 1993 carry out and complete
the studies and surveys referred to under Parts A.4 and C of the
Project in accordance with terms of reference agreed with the
Association; and promptly thereafter, furnish to the Association for
its review the recommendations of said studies and surveys; and
      (b)   promptly thereafter, carry out said recommendations,
taking into consideration the views provided by the Association.
      Section 3.05. The Borrower shall:
      (a)   not later than March 31, 1995 conduct with the
Association a mid-term review to:
            (i)   monitor progress achieved in Project implemen-
                  tation and meeting Project objectives;
           (ii)   exchange information among staff responsible for
                  Project implementation and propose solutions to
                  any current problems; and
          (iii)   update Project timetables and cost estimates; and
      (b)   promptly thereafter, carry out those recommendations
arising out of said review in accordance with an action program and
a timetable agreed with the Association.
      Section 3.06. The Borrower shall:
      (a)   not later than March 31, 1991, furnish to the Associa-
tion for its approval, the respective detailed design and
implementation schedule for the systems referred to in Parts A.3 (a)
(iv); A.3 (b) (iv); and B.6 of the Project; and
      (b)   promptly thereafter, implement said systems in accor-
dance with terms and schedules agreed with the Association.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of the Project of the departments or
agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project or
any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower and BM shall:
Page  7
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those for
                  the Special Account for each fiscal year audited,
                  in accordance with appropriate auditing princi-
                  ples consistently applied, by independent audi-
                  tors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than  nine months after
                  the end of each such year, a certified copy of
                  the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and the audit
                  thereof as the Association shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower and BM shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the Associ-
                  ation has received the audit report for the
                  fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from the
                  Credit Account was made all records (contracts,
                  orders, invoices, bills, receipts and other
                  documents) evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are includ-
                  ed in the annual audit referred to in para-
                  graph (b) of this Section and that the report of
                  such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of expendi-
                  ture submitted during such fiscal year, together
                  with the procedures and internal controls in-
                  volved in their preparation, can be relied upon
                  to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   the Borrower or BM shall have failed to perform any of
their respective obligations under the Subsidiary Administration
Agreement;
      (b)   as a result of events which have occurred after the date
of the Development Credit Agreement, an extraordinary situation
shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that BM will be
able to perform its obligations under the Subsidiary Administration
Agreement;
      (c)   the Borrower or any authority having jurisdiction shall
have taken any action: (i) concerning the Borrower's agricultural,
financial and banking sectors that would materially and adversely
affect the ability of the Borrower or BM to perform any of their
respective obligations under this Agreement; or (ii) for the
respective  dissolution or disestablishment of SEC, CM, or BM or for
the suspension of their respective operations; and
Page  8
      (d)   the respective Statutes of BM, SEC or CM shall have been
amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect
materially and adversely the ability of BM, SEC or CM to perform any
of their respective obligations under this Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified, namely
that any of the events specified in paragraphs (a), (b), (c) or (d)
of Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for
a period of sixty (60) days after notice thereof shall have been
given by the Association to the Borrower.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following event is specified as an addi-
tional condition to the effectiveness of the Development Credit
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General
Conditions, namely that the Borrower has entered into a contract, on
terms and conditions agreed with the Association, to employ
consultants' services, in accordance with the provisions of Section
II of Schedule 3 to this Agreement, to carry out the National
Irrigation Development Master Plan referred to under Part C.1 of the
Project.
      Section 6.02. The following is specified as an additional
matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association, namely that this Agreement has been
duly ratified by the Borrower's Council of Ministers and is legally
binding upon the Borrower in accordance with its terms.
     Section 6.03. The date one hundred twenty (120) days after the
date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of
Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Governor of Banco de Mocambique of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions.
      For the Borrower:
            Banco de Mocambique
            Departamento de Relacoes Internacionais
            Avenida 25 de Setembro 1695
            P.O.Box 423
            Maputo, Mozambique
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  MOBANCO                   6355/7 BMMO
                  Maputo
                                          Facsimile:
                                            29178
      For the Association:
            International Development
            Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
Page  9
            United States of America
            Cable address:              Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   82987 (FTCC),
                  Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA),
                                            64145 (FUI) or
                                           197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF MOZAMBIQUE
                        By /s/ Eneas da Conceicao Comiche
                                         Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        By /s/ Stephen M. Denning
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                           SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                           Amount of the
                          Credit Allocated        % of
                           (Expressed in      Expenditures
      Category            SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1) Civil works                  160,000        100%
(2) Equipment, mate-           2,300,000        100%
    rials, and
    supplies
(3) Consultants'               3,850,000        100%
    services,
    training,
    studies, and
    audits
(4) Goods and                  2,300,000        100% of foreign
    services under                              expenditures and
    Subloans                                    70% of local
                                                expenditures
                           Amount of the
                          Credit Allocated        % of
                           (Expressed in        Expenditures
      Category            SDR Equivalent)       to be Financed
(5) (a)  Salaries for          1,150,000   )    100% of expendi-
         incremental                      )     tures incurred
         Project staff                    )     between January 1,
Page  10
                                           )    1991 and Decem-
    (b)  Operating               550,000   )    ber 31, 1993;
         Costs                             )
                                           )    80% of expendi-
                                           )    tures incurred
                                           )    between January 1,
                                           )    1994 and Decem-
                                           )    ber 31, 1994;
                                           )
                                           )    60% of expendi-
                                           )    tures incurred
                                           )    between January 1,
                                           )    1995 and Decem-
                                           )    ber 31, 1996; and
                                           )
                                           )    30% of expendi-
                                           )    tures incurred
                                           )    after January 1,
                                           )    1997
(6) Refunding of                 600,000        Amount due pur-
    Project                                     suant to Sec-
    Preparation                                 tion 2.02 (c)
    Advance                                     of this Agreement
(7) Unallocated                  990,000
                              __________
         TOTAL                11,900,000
                              ==========
2.For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower;
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower; and
      (c)   the term "operating costs" means (i) office expenses;
and (ii) cost of operation and maintenance of equipment, vehicles
and buildings, used in the execution of the Project as described in
Schedule 2 of this Agreement; and
      (d)   the term "training" means foreign or local fellowships,
conferences, courses and study tours.
3.     Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement;
      (b)   Category (4) unless:
            (i)   the Association has received evidence satisfac-
                  tory to it that the Subsidiary Administration
                  Agreement: (A) has been executed on behalf of the
                  Borrower and BM on terms satisfactory to the
                  Association and in accordance with the provisions
                  of Section 3.01 (c) of this Agreement; and (B)
                  has been duly authorized and is legally binding
                  upon the Borrower and BM, and a legal opinion has
                  been issued to that effect in accordance with
                  Section 12.02 (b) of the General Conditions; and
           (ii)   in respect of each PFI unless: (A) BM has entered
                  into a Participation Agreement with the respec-
                  tive PFI on terms and conditions agreed with the
Page  11
                  Association, and in accordance with the provi-
                  sions of Section 3.01 (c) of, and Part A of
                  Schedule 4 to this Agreement; and (B) the Associ-
                  ation has been furnished for its approval with
                  the Model Subloan Agreement to be entered into
                  between each PFI and the respective Beneficiary
                  in accordance with the procedures, terms and
                  conditions set forth in Schedule 4 to this Agree-
                  ment.
                           SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to:
      (a)   reverse the decline in production and marketing of
cashewnuts and in the medium-term, restore past levels of exporta-
tion;
      (b)   make small and medium-scale state and commercial
agricultural enterprises more efficient and profitable; and
      (c)   strengthen the Borrower's capabilities to formulate and
implement long-term growth strategies for the irrigation and cashew
subsectors.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Rehabilitation and Development of the Cashew Subsector
1.    Strengthening of Agricultural Services:
      (a)   Strengthening of MOA's extension services through:
            (i)   provision of basic training, transportation,
                  technical and administrative support to extension
                  workers;
           (ii)   design and implementation of  an extension train-
                  ing program;
          (iii)   setting-up farmer organization teams at the
                  district level; and
           (iv)   integration of extension services established
                  under the Project in Gaza and Inhambane provinces
                  with ongoing extension activities financed by
                  other donors in said provinces.
     (b)   Implementation of a National Cashew Research Program,
including:
            (i)   provision of support to clonal orchards at the
                  Ricatla research station in Maputo province; and
           (ii)   provision of training for research staff.
      (c)   Cashew Nurseries:
            (i)   setting up small-scale cashew nurseries: two in
                  Inhambane province, and one in Gaza province;
           (ii)   strengthening of nursery management and operation
                  capabilities; and
          (iii)   strengthening and rehabilitation of existing
                  buildings and infrastructure at the Nhacoongo
                  experimental station in Inhambane province .
Page  12
2.    Provision of Investment Credit:
      Financing of specific Subprojects through Subloans to eligible
Beneficiaries.
3.    Institutional Development:
      (a)   SEC:
            (i)   strengthening of SEC's pricing policy analysis,
                  through the formulation and implementation of a
                  farm-and factory-gate pricing system based on
                  border prices;
           (ii)   strengthening of SEC's accounting and cost con-
                  trol systems technical capabilities;
          (iii)   provision of foreign and local training for SEC
                  staff in pricing policy, grafting techniques,
                  cashew cloning and cultivation techniques, exten-
                  sion methodology, management and administration;
                  and
           (iv)   design and implementation of a monitoring and
                  evaluation system, including the establishment
                  of a management information system and an impact
                  evaluation system.
      (b)   CM:
            (i)   establishment of a Sales and Trade Unit within
                  CM;
           (ii)   strengthening of CM's managerial, cashew proces-
                  sing, industrial training, financial accounting,
                  by-product development, procurement procedures
                  and equipment installation capabilities;
          (iii)   provision of training for CM's staff in
                  mechanical engineering, commodity trade, business
                  administration, factory operation and maintenance
                  procedures; and
           (iv)   design and implementation of a monitoring and
                  evaluation system including, the establishment of
                  a management information system and an impact
                  evaluation system.
4.    Surveys:
      Carrying out evaluative surveys to:
      (a)   review CM's performance, functions and long-term goals;
and
      (b)   assess the agricultural productivity of female
farmers.
Part B:     Assistance to Agricultural Enterprises
1.    Formulation of a policy and strategic investment plan, for the
restructuring of agricultural enterprises.
2.    Setting-up and operation of an agricultural enterprise
restructuring unit (AERU) in accordance with the provisions referred
to in Part C of Schedule 6 to this Agreement.
3.    Provision of technical assistance for the implementation of
individual enterprise restructuring plans.
4.    Carrying out surveys and studies on the agricultural enter-
prise subsector.
Page  13
5.    Provision of training for agricultural enterprise staff in
general management, organizational development, human resource
management, accounting, information system planning, investment
planning and promotion and business development marketing.
6.    Design and implementation of a monitoring and evaluation
system including, the establishment of a management information
system and an impact evaluation system.
Part C:     Studies and Surveys
1.    Preparation of a National Irrigation Development Master Plan.
2.    Carrying out a National Cashew Tree Population Survey.
3.    Preparation of a National Cashew Development Master Plan.
                   *       *     *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1998.
                           SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part D hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for vechicles, equipment
and machinery shall be grouped into bid packages estimated to cost
the equivalent of $100,000 each.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in Mozambique may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Preference for Domestic Contractors
      In the procurement of works in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, the Borrower may grant a margin of
preference to domestic contractors in accordance with, and subject
to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
pargraph 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    International or Local Shopping:
      Items or groups of items estimated to cost less than the
equivalent of $25,000 each, up to an aggregate not to exceed the
equivalent of $100,000 may be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of comparison of price quotations obtained from at least
three suppliers in accordance with procedures acceptable to the
Association.
2.   Direct contracting:
      Scientific journals and textbooks may be awarded after direct
negotiations with suppliers, in accordance with procedures accep-
table to the Association.
Page  14
3.    Force Account:
      Civil works referred to in Part A.1 (c) (iii) of the Project
may be carried out by force account.
Part E:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for vehicles and equipment
not included under Part A.2 of the Project estimated to cost the
equivalent of $100,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of the
Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph shall not
apply to contracts on account of which the Association has
authorized withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditures.
2.    The figure of 10% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be satis-
factory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Con-
sultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing
Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                           SCHEDULE 4
           Procedures, Terms and Conditions of Sub-loans
                   and Participation Agreements
                   under Part A.2 of the Project
Part A:     Participation Agreements
1.    (a)  PFIs shall lend the metical equivalent of the proceeds of
the Credit onlent to them by BM to Beneficiaries, as follows:
            (i)   for Subloans to finance agricultural machinery,
                  equipment, and vehicles, for a term not to exceed
                  seven (7) years, and a period of grace of two (2)
                  years;
           (ii)   for Subloans to finance planting, replanting and
                  rehabilitation of cashew plantations, for a term
                  not to exceed twelve (12) years and a period of
                  grace of four (4) years; and
          (iii)   for Subloans to finance the rehabilitation of
Page  15
                  CM's cashew processing factories, for a term not
                  to exceed ten (10) years, and a period of grace
                  of two (2) years.
      (b)   PFIs shall charge a variable interest rate on Subloans
to Beneficiaries at the Borrower's prevailing interest rate
including a margin negotiated within the respective Participation
Agreement. For the purposes of this Schedule the term "prevailing
interest rate" means the rate determined by the Borrower pursuant to
the provisions of a joint Despacho issued by the Minister of Finance
of the Borrower and the Governor of BM, dated March 1, 1990, as
amended from time to time.
      (c)   PFIs shall repay to BM the amounts onlent to them
through the respective Participation Agreements, on the basis of the
repayment schedules established for the individual Subloans made to
Beneficiaries. Repayment to BM shall take place even when PFIs have
not collected the amount onlent to Beneficiaries.
2.   Each Participation Agreement shall contain provisions pursuant
to which each PFI shall, inter alia:
      (a)   continue to be duly established and operating under the
laws of the Borrower;
      (b)   designate qualified staff to manage Subloans financed
under the Project;
      (c)   perform satisfactory appraisal of the financial,
technical, environmental and economic feasibility of Subprojects;
      (d)   make Subloans to eligible Beneficiaries on the basis of
procedures, terms, conditions and eligibility criteria set forth in
this Schedule;
      (e)   ensure that Subloan funds are used by Beneficiaries for
the purposes intended;
      (f)   supervise Subprojects according to established pro-
cedures, and maintain adequate records;
      (g)   provide to BM, SEC and CM periodic reports on the status
of Subprojects and Subloans and any such information as said
institutions may reasonably request;
      (h)   provide, from their own resources, short-term credit toBeneficiaries to 
cover their incremental working capital
requirements; and
      (i)   bear the lending risk and adhere to terms of lending and
repayment of Subloans.
3.    BM shall retain out of the interest payments due from the PFIs
a margin not exceeding: (i) seventy percent (70%), for Subloans for
terms up to seven (7) years; and (ii) sixty percent (60%), for
Subloans for terms of more than seven (7) years, of the nominal
interest rate charged by the PFI on the Subloan to the respective
Beneficiary.
4.    Procurement:
      (a)   With respect to the procurement of goods and services to
be financed under Subloans, each Participation Agreement shall
contain provisions requiring each PFI to ensure that said goods and
services be procured in accordance with commercial practices
acceptable to the Association and after comparing price quotations
obtained from at least three suppliers selected from a wide
geographic spread of firms;
      (b)   each PFI shall ensure that such goods and services shall
be exclusively used in the carrying out of the Subproject, maintain-
ing appropriate records of the procurement procedures followed; and
Page  16
      (c)   consultants shall have qualifications, experience and be
employed on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Association.
Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the
"Guidelines for the use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and
by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Association
in August 1981.
Part B:     Eligibility Criteria for Beneficiaries and Subprojects
1.    General Procedures
      (a)   The following Beneficiaries are eligible to receive
Subloans from PFIs:
            (i)   commercial farmers;
           (ii)   traders and/or truckers engaged in marketing of
                  agricultural products; and
          (iii)   CM, to rehabilitate the cashew processing facto-
                  ries located in Xai-Xai (Gaza province), Inhamb-
                  ane (Inhambane province), and Machava     (Maputo
                  province).
      (b)   Subloans shall be used by Beneficiaries to finance:
            (i)   fixed assets, including agricultural machinery
                  and equipment;
           (ii)   rehabilitation  and replacement of fixed assets;
          (iii)   setting up of cashew plantations;
           (iv)   vehicles and spare parts;and
            (v)   procurement of technical know-how and con-
                  sultants' services.
      (c)   Subloans may finance up to ninety percent (90%) of any
Subproject. Beneficiaries shall contribute, in cash or kind, with a
minimum amount equivalent to ten percent (10%) of the Subproject.
2.    Appraisal of Subprojects - Eligibility Criteria
      (a)   Each PFI shall prepare an appraisal report of each Sub-
project submitted to them, in accordance with procedures acceptable
to the Association.
      (b)   Appraisal reports shall include, inter alia, the
following:
            (i)   analysis of the proposed Subproject, including
                  its technical soundness, financial, environmental
                  and economic viability;
           (ii)   assessment of the creditworthiness of the pro-
                  spective borrower;
          (iii)   calculation of the financial rate of return (FRR)
                  based on a cash flow analysis and a balance sheet
                  analysis, for Subloans above one hundred thousand
                  dollars ($100,000);
          (iv)    calculation of the economic rate of return (ERR)
                  for Subloans above two hundred and fifty thousand
                  dollars ($250,000); and
           (v)    assessment of loan security provided.
      (c)   Subprojects for the rehabilitation of the cashew
Page  17
processing factories and the first three (3) on-farm and marketing
development activities shall be submitted to the Association for its
review and approval.
Part C:     Subloan Agreements
1.    Subloans shall be made on terms whereby the respective PFI
shall obtain, by written contract with the respective Beneficiary,
rights adequate to protect the interests of the Borrower, the
Association and BM, including the right to:
      (a)   require the Beneficiary to carry out and operate the
Subproject with due diligence and efficiency and in accordance with
sound technical, financial, managerial and environmental standards
and to maintain adequate records;
      (b)   inspect by itself or jointly with representatives of the
Borrower and the Association, if the Association shall so request,
such goods, works, plants and construction included in the
Subproject operation thereof, and any relevant records and docu-
ments;
      (c)   require that:
            (i)   the Beneficiary shall take out  and maintain with
                  responsible insurers such insurance, against such
                  risks and in such amounts, as shall be consistent
                  with sound business practice; and
           (ii)   without any limitation upon the foregoing, such
                  insurance shall cover hazards incident to the
                  acquisition, transportation and delivery of goods
                  financed out of the proceeds of the Credit to the
                  place of use or installation, any indemnity
                  thereunder to be made payable in a currency
                  freely usable by the Beneficiary to replace or
                  repair such goods;
      (d)   obtain all such information as BM or the Association
shall reasonably request relating to the foregoing and to the
administration, operations and financial condition of the respective
Beneficiaries and to the benefits derived to them from the Sub-
project;
      (e)   require that procurement of goods and services is
carried out in accordance with the provisions referred to in Part
A.4 of this Schedule; and
      (f)   suspend or terminate the right of the Beneficiary to the
use of the proceeds of the Credit upon failure by such Beneficiary
to perform its obligations under its Subloan Agreement with the PFI.
                           SCHEDULE 5
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
through (6) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $ 1,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account
and deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a)
of this Schedule.
Page  18
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association re-
                  quests for deposits into the Special Account at
                  such intervals as the Association shall specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                  by said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
      All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from
the Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in
the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by
said documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
      Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
Page  19
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to
the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the
Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the Association
may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account (or, if the
Association shall so request, refund to the Association) an amount
equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so
eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise agree,
no further deposit by the Association into the Special Account shall
be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence or made such
deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
                           SCHEDULE 6
                      Implementation Program
Part A.    Component Coordinators
1.    The Borrower shall appoint and maintain during the execution
of the Project two (2) Component Coordinators (CC): one for Parts A,
C.2, and C.3 of the Project, and one for Part B of the Project. Said
CCs shall have experience and qualifications satisfactory to the
Association. Any material changes to their employment status and
terms of reference shall be made in agreement with the Association.
2.    (a)   The CC for Parts A, C.2 and C.3 of the Project shall be
a local economist posted within SEC's Directorate for Economics; (b)
the CC for Part B of the Project shall be AERU's  Head, as herein-
after defined.
3.    Each CC shall be responsible, inter alia, for the following:
      (a)   day-to-day component implementation;
      (b)   preparing an AWP, as hereinafter defined, for the
respective Project component;
      (c)   preparing and submitting to the Association: (i) not
later than three months after the end of each semester, a semi-
annual Project implementation progress report describing physical
and financial progress of the Project and its impact to date; and
(ii) not later than one month after Project completion, a report
dealing with all aspects of Project implementation and evaluating
the benefits derived from it by the Borrower, in general, and by
farmers in particular;
      (d)   reviewing procurement arrangements carried out by SEC,
CM, and AERU, in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 3 to
this Agreement;
      (e)   monitoring all expenditures made under the respective
Page  20
Part of the Project, keeping financial component accounts and
submitting accounts for audits; and
      (f)   maintaining files and records for the respective Part of
the Project.
4.    In discharging his/her responsibilities, each CC shall be
assisted by the following staff:
      (a)   local technical staff responsible for procurement,
accounting and administrative procedures; and
      (b)   short and long-term consultants in pertinent technical
disciplines.
Part B.     Annual Work Programs (AWP)
1.    The Borrower shall ensure that:
      (a)   each CC prepares an AWP in order to organize and monitor
progress in Project implementation; and
      (b)   all AWPs are consolidated by DEA.
2.    An AWP shall include, inter alia, the following:
      (a)   a review of implementation carried out during the
previous Project year;
      (b)   a detailed description of work to be carried out during
the forthcoming Project year, including objectives, staff training,
monitoring and evaluation activities, construction plans and
procurement schedules;
      (c)   requirements for additional staff and inputs;
      (d)   requirements and arrangements for technical assistance,
and local and foreign training; and
      (e)   a budget and financing plan, including local and foreign
currency requirements.
3.    Without limitation upon the provisions of Section 3.03 (d) (i)
of this Agreement, the Borrower shall:
      (a)   not later than May 1, 1991 and May 1, in each year
thereafter, until the completion of the Project, prepare a con-
solidated AWP, on terms set forth in paragraph 2 above, and  furnish
it to the Association for its review and comments; and
     (b)   promptly thereafter, implement said AWP taking into
consideration the recommendations made by the Association.
Part C.     Agricultural Enterprise Restructuring Unit (AERU)
1.    The Borrower shall establish and thereafter maintain AERU
within MOA. AERU shall report directly to the Minister for Agri-
culture or his/her designate. A local economist/agricultural
economist, with experience and qualifications satisfactory to the
Association shall be appointed as AERU's Head.
2.    AERU's Head shall be responsible, inter alia, for:
      (a)   serving as CC for Part B of the Project;
      (b)   formulation of a policy and strategic investment plan
for the agriculture enterprise subsector; and
      (c)   preparing AERU's yearly program for surveys and studies
and assistance plans to individual agricultural enterprises to be
included into the AWP.
Page  21
3.    The Borrower shall during the execution of the Project
maintain AERU with the staffing and functions agreed with the
Association.
Part D.     Sales and Trade Unit
1.    The Sales and Trade Unit established within CM shall be headed
by a Marketing Economist.
2.    In discharging his/her responsibilities, the Marketing
Economist shall be assisted by a General Economist with experience
in agroprocessing.
3.    The Sales and Trade Unit shall be responsible, inter alia, for
the following:
      (a)   monitoring foreign markets and industry price trends;
      (b)   rebuilding trading ties and selecting the most lucrative
markets for cashew; and
      (c)   formulation and provision of advice on marketing
policies and strategies.
Part E.Strenghtening of the Borrower's Pricing Analysis
            Capabilities
1.    A Senior Pricing Policy Analysis Officer with experience and
qualifications satisfactory to the Association shall be appointed
within SEC's Directorate of Economics.
2.   The Senior Pricing Policy Officer shall be responsible, inter
alia, for the following :
      (a)   formulating a long-term pricing policy; and
      (b)   setting-up and supervising the implementation of a farm-
and factory-gate pricing system.
Part F.   Project implementation program
1.    Responsibilities of institutions involved in Project imple-
mentation:
      (a)   MOA shall have responsibility for the overall Project
implementation;
      (b)   Part A of the Project: (i) SEC's Secretary in
coordination with the Director Geral of CM - shall have overall
responsiblity for the implementation of Part A of the Project; (ii)
SEC's Directorate for Economics shall be responsible for the
implementation of Part A.3 (a) of the Project; (iii) SEC's Technical
Directorate shall be responsible for the coordination of Parts A.1
(a) and A.1 (b) of the Project. The National Cashew Research Program
shall be implemented by the National Agricultural Research Institute
(INIA); (iv) SEC's Department of Administration and Finance shall be
responsible for employing incremental local Project staff in
accordance with terms and conditions agreed with the Association;
(v) SEC's Department of Human Resources shall be responsible for
setting-up and implementing training programs for local staff; and
(vi) the Director Geral of CM shall be responsible for the super-
vision and implementation of Part A.2 (c) of the Project, including
the rehabilitation of cashew processing factories;
      (c)   AERU'S Head shall be responsible for the implementation
of Part B of the Project;
     (d)   Part C of the Project: (i) The State Secretariat for
Agricultural Hydraulics within MOA shall supervise the implementa-
tion of Part C.1 of the Project, in coordination with the National
Water Directorate and the Ministry of Industry and Energy of the
Borrower; (ii) SEC's Technical Directorate shall coordinate the
Page  22
implementation of Part C.2 of the Project; and (iii) SEC's
Directorate for Economics shall coordinate the implementation of
Part C.3 of the Project.
2.    Schedule of actions to be carried out by the Borrower during
Project implementation. Except as the Association and the Borrower
shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall:
      (a)   during the first Project year:
            (i)   formulate the National Cashew Research Program
                  referred to in Part A.1(b) of the Project;
           (ii)   design a farm-and factory-gate pricing system
                  based on border prices referred to in Part A.3
                  (a)(ii), in accordance with the recommendations
                  made by the Association;
          (iii)   but not later than October 31, 1991, initiate the
                  study to evaluate CM's performance, referred to
                  in Part A.4 (a) of the Project, in accordance
                  with terms of reference agreed with the Associa-
                  tion;
           (iv)   but not later than July 31, 1991, complete the
                  Master Plan referred to in Part C.1 of the Pro-
                  ject; and
            (v)   but not later than December 31, 1991, complete
                  the survey referred to in Part C.2 of the Pro-
                  ject, in accordance with terms and schedule
                  agreed with the Association; and
            (vi)  but not later than March 31, 1991, employ: (A)
                  the staff described in Section 3.03 (b) of this
                  Agreement; and (B) all other local counterpart
                  staff and consultants' services necessary to
                  carry out first Project year activities.
     (b)   during the second Project year:
            (i)   implement the Program referred to in Part A.1 (b)
                  of the Project, in accordance with an action plan
                  and schedule agreed with the Association;
           (ii)   initiate the survey referred to in Part A.4 (b)
                  of the Project, in accordance with terms of
                  reference agreed with the Association;
          (iii)   but not later than July 31, 1992, initiate the
                  Master Plan referred to in Part C.3 of the Pro-
                  ject, in accordance with terms of reference
                  agreed with the Association; and
           (iv)   but not later than October 31, 1991, formulate
                  the policy and strategic investment plan referred
                  to in Part B.1 of the Project.
