Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2591 MAG
                         Project Agreement
                (Antananarivo Urban Works Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
         AGENCE D'EXECUTION DES TRAVAUX D'INFRASTRUCTURES
                     PUBLIQUES D'ANTANANARIVO
                        Dated April 7, 1994
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2591 MAG
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 7, 1994, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and AGENCE D'EXECUTION DES
TRAVAUX D'INFRASTRUCTURES PUBLIQUES D'ANTANANARIVO.
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between Republic of Madagascar (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to thirteen
million three hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 13,300,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition that AGETIPA
agree to undertake such obligations toward the Association as are
set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a Convention entered into between the Borrower and
AGETIPA, the proceeds of the credit provided for under the
Development Credit Agreement will be transferred to AGETIPA on the
terms and conditions set forth in said Convention; and
      WHEREAS AGETIPA, in consideration of the Association's
Page  2
entering into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower,
has agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement and in the
General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings
therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) AGETIPA declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out the
Project with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial, engineering and technical
practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as
needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Association and AGETIPA shall
otherwise agree, AGETIPA shall carry out the Project in accordance
with the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. AGETIPA shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and
land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement.
      Section 2.04. AGETIPA shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Convention and the Procedures Manual. Except as the
Association shall otherwise agree, AGETIPA shall not take or concur
in any action which would have the effect of amending, abrogating,
assigning or waiving the Convention or the Procedures Manual, or any
provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) AGETIPA shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of the Project, the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement, the Convention and the Procedures Manual, and other
matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   AGETIPA shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Credit, or the performance by AGETIPA of its obligations under this
Agreement, the Convention and the Procedures Manual.
      (c)   Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing,
AGETIPA shall participate fully in the midterm review referred to in
paragraph 1 (a) of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit Agreement
and, to this end, shall: (a) furnish to the Borrower and the
Association such reports as may be required for that purpose, and in
such detail as the Borrower or the Association shall reasonably
request, on the progress and status of the Project; and (b)
following each such review, act promptly and diligently, in order to
take, or assist the Borrower in taking, any corrective action deemed
Page  3
necessary to remedy any shortcoming noted in the implementation of
the Project, or to implement, or assist the Borrower in
implementing, such other measures as may have been agreed upon
between the parties in furtherance of the objectives of the Project.
                            ARTICLE III
               Management and Operations of AGETIPA
      Section 3.01. (a) AGETIPA shall carry on its operations and
conduct its affairs in accordance with sound administrative,
financial and technical practices, and under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
      (b)   AGETIPA shall ensure that the position of Director
General of AGETIPA shall be kept filled at all times by a person,
whose qualifications and experience shall have been communicated to
the Association and found to be acceptable.
      Section 3.02. AGETIPA shall at all times operate and maintain
its plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
technical practices.
      Section 3.03. AGETIPA shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Association for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as
shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) AGETIPA shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   AGETIPA shall:
            (i)    have its records, accounts and financial
                   statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                   and expenses and related statements), including
                   those for the Special Account and the Project
                   Account, audited on a quarterly basis during the
                   first six months following the Effective Date,
                   and semiannually thereafter, in accordance with
                   appropriate auditing principles consistently
                   applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                   the Association;
           (ii)    furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                   but in any case not later than three months
                   after the end of each quarterly or semiannual
                   audit period, as the case may be: (A) certified
                   copies of its financial statements for such year
                   as so audited, and (B) the report of such audit
                   by said auditors, of such scope and in such
                   detail as the Association shall have reasonably
                   requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Association such other
                   information concerning said records, accounts
                   and financial statements as well as the audit
                   thereof, as the Association shall from time to
                   time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, AGETIPA shall:
            (i)    maintain, in accordance with paragraph (a) of
Page  4
                   this Section, records and accounts reflecting
                   such expenditures;
           (ii)    retain, until at least one year after the
                   Association has received the audit report for
                   the audit period in which the last withdrawal
                   from the Credit Account or payment out of the
                   Special Account was made, all records
                   (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts
                   and other documents) evidencing such expen-
                   ditures;
          (iii)    enable the Association's representatives to
                   examine such records; and
           (iv)    ensure that such records and accounts are
                   included in each audit referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section, and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during such audit period,
                   together with the procedures and internal
                   controls involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of AGETIPA thereunder shall terminate on the earlier
of the following two dates:
            (i)    the date on which the Development Credit
                   Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
                   terms; or
           (ii)    the date fifteen years after the date of this
                   Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify AGETIPA
of this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
Page  5
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      For AGETIPA:
            5, rue Rainitovo
            Antsahavola
            101 Antananarivo
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of AGETIPA, or by AGETIPA on behalf of the
Borrower under the Development Credit Agreement, may be taken or
executed by the Director General of AGETIPA, or such other person or
persons as the Director General shall designate in writing, and
AGETIPA shall furnish to the Association sufficient evidence of the
authority and the authenticated specimen signature of each such
person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                   By /s/ Francisco Aguirre-Sacasa
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                   AGENCE D'EXECUTION DES TRAVAUX
                     D'INFRASTRUCTURE D'ANTANANARIVO
                   By /s/ Pierrot Rajaonarivelo
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
                          (Section 2.02)
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    (a)   Except as provided in Part B hereof, goods and works
shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of
the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines).
Page  6
      (b)   For fixed-price contracts, the invitation to bid
referred to in paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines shall provide that,
when the contract is delayed beyond the original bid validity
period, the successful bidder's bid price will be increased for each
week of delay by two predisclosed correction factors acceptable to
the Association, one to be applied to all foreign currency
components and the other to the local currency component of the bid
price. Such an increase shall not be taken into account in the bid
evaluation.
      (c)   In the procurement of goods and works in accordance with
this Part A, AGETIPA shall use the relevant standard bidding
documents issued by the Bank, with such modifications thereto as the
Association shall have agreed to be necessary for the purposes of
the Project. Where no relevant standard bidding documents have been
issued by the Bank, AGETIPA shall use bidding documents based on
other internationally recognized standard forms agreed with the
Association.
2.    Goods procured in accordance with the procedures described in
paragraph 1 (a) above shall be exempted from preshipment price
inspection by third parties.
Part B:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Civil works contracts estimated to cost the equivalent of
$200,000 or less per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent
to $15,000,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis
of competitive bidding, advertised locally, amongst prequalified
bidders, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the Association
and specified in the Manual of Procedures.
2.    Goods estimated to cost the equivalent of $25,000 or less per
contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $60,000, may be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations obtained from at least three suppliers eligible under the
Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the
Association.
3.    Where procurement of goods involves a large number of widely
varied items, or where competition is lacking, such goods may be
procured through the Inter-Agency Procurement Services Office.
Part C:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for goods or works which
is estimated to cost the equivalent of $200,000 or more, or has been
awarded otherwise than to the lowest bidder, or for which less than
five bids have been received, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of the
Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to the Development Credit
Agreement.
Page  7
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II: Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist AGETIPA in carrying out the Project,
AGETIPA shall employ consultants whose qualifications, experience
and terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Association. Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association on the
basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank
Borrowers and by The World Bank as Executing Agency" published by
the Bank in August 1981.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Section,
the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring prior
Association review or approval of budgets, short lists, selection
procedures, letters of invitation, proposals, evaluation reports and
contracts, shall not apply to: (a) contracts for the employment of
consulting firms estimated to cost less than $100,000 equivalent
each, or (b) contracts for the employment of individuals estimated
to cost less than $50,000 equivalent each. However, said exceptions
to prior Association review shall not apply to: (a) the terms of
reference for such contracts, (b) single-source selection of con-
sulting firms, (c) assignments of a critical nature, as reasonably
determined by the Association, (d) amendments to contracts for the
employment of consulting firms raising the contract value to
$100,000 equivalent or above, or (e) amendments to contracts for the
employment of individual consultants raising the contract value to
$50,000 equivalent or above.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                        (Section 2.01 (b))
                      Implementation Program
1.    AGETIPA shall, not later than September 30, 1994,
September 30, 1995, and September 30, 1996, respectively, submit to
the Association, for its approval, its proposed program of selected
subprojects for the second, third and fourth years of the project
implementation period.
2.    Except as the Association may otherwise agree, AGETIPA shall
submit monthly reports on the progress of the Project to the
Association, giving details of the progress of subprojects, training
program and studies, and the status of financial and procurement
performance under the Project.
