Page  1
                                                            CONFORMED COPY
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2103-ET
                             Project Agreement
                    (Market Towns Development Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                    and
                    WATER SUPPLY AND SEWERAGE AUTHORITY
                           Dated March 30, 1990
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2103-ET
                             PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated March 30, 1990, between INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association) and WATER SUPPLY AND SEWERAGE AUTHORITY
(WSSA).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date herewith
between People's Democratic Republic of Ethiopia (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the Borrower
an amount in various currencies equivalent to thirty one million four
hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 31,400,000), on the terms and
conditions set forth in the Development Credit Agreement, but only on
condition that WSSA agree to undertake such obligations toward the
Association as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into. between the
Borrower and WSSA, part of the proceeds of the credit provided for under the
Development Credit Agreement will be made available to WSSA on the terms and
conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS WSSA, in consideration of the Association's entering into the
Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                                Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
Page  2
defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the Preamble to this Agreement
and in the General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings
therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. WSSA declares its commitment to the objectives of the
Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit Agreement and,
to this end, shall carry out Parts C and E.2 of the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate administrative,
financial and engineering practices, and shall provide, or cause to be
provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for the Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required for the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit
Agreement.
      Section 2.03. WSSA shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.03, through 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to
insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and
reports, maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of this
Project Agreement and Parts C and E.2 of the Project.
      Section 2.04. WSSA shall duly perform all its obligations under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
WSSA shall not take or concur in any action which would have the effect of
amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or
any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) WSSA shall, at the request of the Association,
exchange views with the Association with regard to the progress of the
Project, the performance of its obligations under this Agreement and under
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement and other matters relating to the purposes of
the Credit.
      (b)   WSSA shall promptly inform the Association of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of the Project,
the accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit, or the performance by WSSA
of its obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement.
                                ARTICLE III
                     Management and Operations of WSSA
      Section 3.01. WSSA shall carry on its operations and conduct its
affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial and engineering
practices under the supervision of qualified and experienced management
assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. WSSA shall at all times operate and maintain its plant,
machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to time, promptly as
needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals thereof, all in accordance
with sound engineering and financial practices.
      Section 3.03. WSSA shall take out and maintain with responsible
insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the Association for,
insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be consistent with
appropriate practice.
      Section 3.04. WSSA shall, not later than June 30, 1990, upgrade its
regional financial units to enable it to employ qualified staff in adequate
numbers.
      Section 3.05. WSSA shall furnish to the Association the results of the
Water Tariff Study currently being carried out and shall consult with the
Association prior to the implementation of the recommendations of the said
Page  3
study.
      Section 3.06. WSSA shall: (a) not later than December 31, 1991,
complete the installation in its head office of improved accounting and
financial management information systems; (b) thereafter install the system
in its water supply services units under the Project; and (c) train an
adequate number of staff in the use of the said systems.
                                ARTICLE IV
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) WSSA shall maintain records and accounts adequate
to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices its operations and
financial condition, including separate records, accounts and financial
statements for its water and sewerage activities prepared in a commercial
accounting format as well as separate accounts related to Parts C and E. 2
of the Project (Project Accounts).
      (b)   WSSA shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial statements
                  (balance sheets, statements of income and expenses and
                  related statements) including the Project Accounts for
                  each fiscal year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
            (ii)  furnish to the Association as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than nine months after the end of each
                  such year (A) certified copies of its financial
                  statements and the Project Accounts for such year as so
                  audited, and (B) the report of such audit by said
                  auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Association shall have reasonably requested; and
            (iii) furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably request.
      Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
WSSA shall produce for the WSSSUs of the towns of Assela and Shashemane for
each of its fiscal years after fiscal year ending on June 30, 1993, total
revenues equivalent to not less than the sum of: (i) its total operating
expenses for each town; and (ii) the amount by which debt service
requirements for each town exceed the provision for depreciation.
      (b)   Before June 30 in each of its fiscal years, WSSA shall, on the
basis of forecasts prepared by WSSA and satisfactory to the Association,
review whether it would meet the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) in
respect of such year and the next following fiscal year and shall furnish
to the Association the results of such review upon its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that WSSA would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for WSSA's fiscal years covered by
such review, WSSA shall promptly take all necessary measures in order to
meet such requirements.
      (d)   For purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "total revenues" means the sum of total
                  operating revenues and net non-operating income.
            (ii)  The term "total operating revenues" means revenues from
                  all sources related to operations.
            (iii) The term "net non-operating income" means the difference
                  between: (A) revenues from all sources other than those
                  related to operations, and (B) expenses, including taxes
                  and payments in lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                  of revenues in (A) above.
Page  4
            (iv)  The term "total operating expenses" means all expenses
                  related to operations, including administration, adequate
                  maintenance, taxes and payments in lieu of taxes, and
                  provision for depreciation on a straight-line basis at an
                  average rate of about 3.5% per annum of the average
                  current gross value of WSSA's fixed assets in operation,
                  or other basis acceptable to the Association, but
                  excluding interest and other charges on debt.
            (v)   The average current gross value of WSSA's fixed assets in
                  operation shall be calculated as one half of the sum of
                  the gross value of WSSA's fixed assets in operation at
                  the beginning and at the end of the fiscal year.
            (vi)  The term "debt service requirements" means the aggregate
                  amount of repayments of principal and interest.
                                 ARTICLE V
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect on the
date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of WSSA thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of the
following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit Agreement shall
                  terminate in accordance with its terms; or
            (ii)  the date 26 years after the date of this Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in accordance
with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a) (ii) of this
Section, the Association shall promptly notify WSSA of this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall continue in
full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation or suspension under
the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE VI
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to be given
or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the parties
contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it shall be delivered
by hand or by mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to
which it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such party shall
have designated by notice to the party giving such notice or making such
request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                       440098 (ITT)
                  Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA) or
                                                 64145 (WUI)
      For WSSA:
Page  5
            Water Supply and Sewerage Authority
            P.O. Box 1505
            Addis Ababa
            Ethiopia
            Cable address:
                  AWSA
                  Addis Ababa
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken, and any
document required or permitted to be executed, under this Agreement on
behalf of WSSA may be taken or executed by the General Manager or such other
person or persons as WSSA shall designate in writing, and WSSA shall furnish
to the Association sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts,
each of which shall be an original, and all collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly
authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in the District of Columbia, United States of America, as
of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                                                   Africa
                  WATER SUPPLY AND SEWERAGE AUTHORITY
                  By /s/ Tekola Dejene
                                                Authorized Representative
