Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2369 SE
           (Second Public Works and Employment Project)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF SENEGAL
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        Dated July 31, 1992
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2369 SE
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
 AGREEMENT, dated July 31, 1992, between REPUBLIC OF SENEGAL (the
Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
 WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project; and
 (B)  the Borrower intends to contract from other donors in order
to obtain loans or grants in an aggregate amount equivalent to
$15,000,000 to assist in financing the Project; and
 WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia, of
the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the terms
and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
 NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
Page  2
 Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Development
Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985, with
the modifications therein set forth below (the General Conditions)
constitute an integral part of this Agreement:
 (a)  Section 9.06 (c) shall be modified to read:
      "(c) Promptly after completion of the Project, but in any
 event not later than three months after the Closing Date or such
 later date as may be agreed for this purpose between the Borrower
 and the Association, the Borrower shall prepare and furnish to
 the Association a report, of such scope and in such detail as the
 Association shall reasonably request, on the execution and
 initial operation of the Project, its cost and the benefits
 derived and to be derived from it, the performance by the
 Borrower and the Association of their respective obligations
 under the Development Credit Agreement and the accomplishment of
 the purposes of the Credit."; and
 (b)  the last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the several
terms defined in the General Conditions have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional terms have
the following meanings:
 (a)  "AGETIP" means Agence d 'Execution des Travaux d'Interct
Public contre le Sous-Emploi, an entity established under the laws
of the Borrower;
 (b)  "Beneficiary" means the municipality or public entity for
whose benefit a Sub-Project is to be executed;
 (c)  "CFA Franc" means the currency of the Borrower;
 (d)  "Cofinancing" means financing provided by donors to
cofinance the Project as described in the Preamble;
 (e)  "Government Beneficiary" means any Beneficiary that is a
ministry or other department of the Borrower's central government;
 (f)  "Financed Beneficiary" means any Beneficiary that is a small
or new municipality listed as such by AGETIP by agreement with the
Borrower and the Association;
 (g)  "Cofinancing Beneficiary" means any Beneficiary that is not
a Government Beneficiary or Financed Beneficiary;
 (h)  "Convention" means the agreement to be entered into between
the Borrower and AGETIP pursuant to Section 3.01 (b) of this
Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time, and such
term includes the Procedures Manual, and all other annexes,
schedules and attachments thereto;
 (i)  "Implementing Enterprise" means an engineering firm or other
entity to which a contract has been awarded for the execution of a
Sub-Project;
 (j)  "Procedures Manual" means the Procedures Manual employed by
AGETIP to govern its operations, which manual is annexed to the
Convention;
 (k)  "Project Preparation Advance" means the project preparation
advance granted by the Association to the Borrower pursuant to an
exchange of letters, dated November 22, 1991 and December 6, 1991,
between the Borrower and the Association;
 (l)"Qualifying Beneficiary" means any municipal Beneficiary
with an operating surplus listed as such by AGETIP by agreement
with the Borrower, under criteria approved by the Association;
Page  3
 (m)  "Special Account" means the account referred to in Section
2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
 (n)  "Sub-Project" means any of the public works sub-project
activities described in Parts A and B.3 of the Project; and
 (o)  "Sub-Project Agreement" means an agreement to be entered
into between AGETIP and an Implementing Enterprise for the
execution of a Sub-Project.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
 Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower, on
the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to twenty-eight million six hundred thousand Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 28,600,000).
 Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn from
the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1
to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the Association
shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of
goods and services required for the Project described in Schedule
2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit.
 (b)  The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project, open
and maintain in CFA Francs a special deposit account in a
commercial bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association, including appropriate protection against set-off,
seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
 (c)  Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association shall, on
behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account and pay
to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount of the
Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of such
date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation
Advance shall thereupon be cancelled.
 Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1996 or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
 Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
 (b)  The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date sixty
days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to the
respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the
rate set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date
or at such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter
pursuant to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in
each year shall be applied from the next payment date in that year
specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
 (c)  The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places as
the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restric-
tions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement
for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in
such other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to
time be designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that
Section.
Page  4
 Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a service
charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per
annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
 Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on April 1 and October 1 in each year.
 Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each April 1 and October 1,
commencing October 1, 2002 and ending April 1, 2032. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on April 1,
2012 shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
 (b)  Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending,
the Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof
by the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's
economy, modify the terms of repayment of installments under
paragraph (a) above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the
amount of each such installment not yet due until the principal
amount of the Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by
the Borrower, the Association may revise such modification to
include, in lieu of some or all of the increase in the amounts of
such installments, the payment of interest at an annual rate
agreed with the Association on the principal amount of the Credit
withdrawn and outstanding from time to time, provided that, in the
judgment of the Association, such revision shall not change the
grant element obtained under the above-mentioned repayment
modification.
 (c)  If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant to
paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify
the terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments
as provided in paragraph (a) above.
 Section 2.08. The currency of the French Republic is hereby
specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Condi-
tions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
 Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and, to this end, and without any limitation or restric-
tion upon any of its obligations under this Agreement, shall:
            (i)   cause AGETIP to execute the Project, as provided
                  in paragraph (c) of this Section, in accordance
                  with the provisions of the Convention;
           (ii)   take and cause to be taken all action, including
                  the provision of funds, facilities, services and
                  other resources, necessary or appropriate to
                  enable AGETIP to carry out the Project; and
          (iii)   refrain from taking or permitting to be taken
                  any action which would prevent or interfere with
                  such performance by AGETIP.
      (b)   For the purpose of carrying out the Project, the
Page  5
Borrower shall enter into a Convention with AGETIP on terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Association which shall include
those terms set forth in Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
Convention in such manner as to cause AGETIP to execute the
Project, to protect the interests of the Borrower and the
Association and to accomplish the purposes of the Credit. Except
as the Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not
assign, amend, abrogate or waive the Convention or any provision
thereof.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services
required for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of
the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to
this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. (a) The Borrower and the Association shall
undertake a joint review of the Project every year during the
third calendar quarter during which they shall exchange views on
matters relating to: (i) the progress of the Project and Sub-
Projects, (ii) AGETIP's management and its administrative cost
structure, (iii) the performance by AGETIP and the Borrower of
their respective obligations under the Convention (including
compliance with procurement procedures), (iv) the performance by
AGETIP and Implementing Enterprises of their respective
obligations under Sub-Project Agreements, (v) implementation by
AGETIP of the training programs under Part C of the Project, and
(vi) other matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   Not later than one month prior to each such review,
the Borrower shall furnish to the Association, for its review and
comments, and in such detail as the Association shall reasonably
request, a report on the progress and status of the Project.
      (c)   Following each such review, the Borrower undertakes to
act promptly and diligently in order to take any corrective action
deemed necessary to remedy any shortcoming noted in the
implementation of the Project, or to implement such other measures
as may have been agreed upon between the Borrower and the
Association in furtherance of the objectives of the Project.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall: (a) complete the study of
the Borrower's Public Investment Program under Part D.2 of the
Project not later than April 30, 1993, (b) within six months
following such completion, submit to the Association for its
comments an action plan setting forth the measures that the
Borrower proposes to take in order to give effect to the
recommendations of such study, and (c) not later than April 30,
1994, fully implement such action plan, as modified to take into
account the comments of the Association.
      Section 3.05. For the purpose of obtaining the Association's
approval to any of the annual programs referred to in paragraph 10
of Schedule 5 to this Agreement, the Borrower shall furnish to the
Association satisfactory evidence attesting that, the Borrower has
(a) paid its contribution for the previous year required pursuant
to paragraph 12 (a) of said Schedule 5, and (b) made budgetary
provisions for its contribution for the current year required
pursuant to said paragraph 12 (a).
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall, pursuant to the terms
of the Convention, cause AGETIP to maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
the operations and financial condition of AGETIP.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, pursuant to the terms of the
Page  6
Convention, cause AGETIP to:
            (i)   have the records, accounts and financial state-
                  ments of the Project (balance sheets, statements
                  of income and expenses and related statements),
                  and the records and accounts for the Special
                  Account, for each semiannual period audited in
                  accordance with appropriate auditing principles
                  consistently applied, by independent auditors
                  acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as
                  available, but in any case not later than three
                  months after the end of the semiannual periods
                  referred to, in sub-paragraph (i) above:
                  (A) certified copies of its financial statement
                  for such period as so audited; and (B) the
                  report of such audit by said auditors, of such
                  scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other
                  information concerning such records, accounts,
                  financial statements and the audit thereof as
                  the Association shall from time to time
                  reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall, pursuant to the terms of the
Convention, cause AGETIP to:
            (i)   maintain, in accordance with paragraph (a) of
                  this Section, records and accounts reflecting
                  such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until one year after the Association has
                  received the audit for the semiannual period in
                  which the last withdrawal from the Credit
                  Account was made, all records (contracts,
                  orders, invoices, bills, receipts and other
                  documents) evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in each of the audits referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                  report of each such audit contains a separate
                  opinion by said auditors as to whether the
                  statements of expenditure submitted during such
                  audit period, together with the procedures and
                  internal controls involved in their preparation,
                  can be relied upon to support the related
                  withdrawals.
                            ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   as a result of events which have occurred after the
date of this Agreement, a situation shall have arisen which shall
make it improbable that AGETIP or the Borrower will be able to
perform its obligations under the Convention;
      (b)    the Statuts of AGETIP or the Procedures Manual shall
have been amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived
without the prior consent of the Association;
Page  7
      (c)    the Borrower or any other authority having
jurisdiction shall have taken any action for the dissolution or
disestablishment of AGETIP, or for the suspension of its
operations;
      (d)    the Borrower or AGETIP shall have failed to perform
any of their respective obligations under the Convention;
      (e)   the Convention shall have been amended, suspended,
abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially and
adversely the Project or the performance by AGETIP of its obliga-
tions under the Convention without the prior written consent of
the Association; and
      (f)   (i)   subject to sub-paragraph (ii) of this paragraph:
                  (A)   the right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                        proceeds of any loan or grant made to the
                        Borrower for the financing of the Project
                        shall have been suspended, cancelled or
                        terminated in whole or in part, pursuant
                        to the terms thereof, or
                  (B)   any such loan shall have become due and
                        payable prior to the agreed maturity
                        thereof; and
           (ii)   sub-paragraph (i) of this paragraph shall not
                  apply if the Borrower establishes to the satis-
                  faction of the Association that: (A) such
                  suspension, cancellation, termination or
                  prematuring is not caused by the failure of the
                  Borrower to perform any of its obligations under
                  such agreement; and (B) adequate funds for the
                  Project are available to the Borrower from other
                  sources on terms and conditions consistent with
                  the obligations of the Borrower under this
                  Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any event specified in paragraphs (b), (d) or (e) of
Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for
a period of thirty (30) days after notice thereof shall have been
given by the Association to the Borrower;
      (b)   any event specified in paragraph (c) of Section 5.01
of this Agreement shall occur; and
      (c)   any event specified in paragraph (f) (i) (B) of
Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur, subject to the proviso
of paragraph (f) (ii) of that Section.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of the Development
Credit Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the
General Conditions:
      (a)   the Convention, in form and substance acceptable to
the Association, has been duly signed by the Borrower and AGETIP;
      (b)   AGETIP has submitted to the Association, and obtained
its approval for, a program of Sub-Projects to be financed under
the Credit representing an aggregate estimated cost of $17,000,000
equivalent;
Page  8
      (c)   AGETIP has submitted to the Association an action plan
for the execution of the training program under Part C.2 of the
Project;
      (d)   AGETIP has submitted to the Association, for its
approval, an action plan to increase grassroots participation
under Part D.4 of the Project;
      (e)   the Statuts of AGETIP have been amended in a manner
acceptable to the Association;
      (f)   AGETIP has (i) revised its accounting system in a
manner acceptable to the Association, and (ii) employed an
independent auditor under terms of reference acceptable to the
Association; and
      (g)   (i) AGETIP has submitted to the Association, and
obtained its approval for, a program of Sub-projects, in addition
to those proposed under paragraph (b) of this Section,
representing an aggregate estimated cost of $2,500,000 equivalent
to be financed by the Borrower (as described in paragraph 11 of
Schedule 5 to this Agreement); and (ii) the Borrower has deposited
into AGETIP's account at least CFA Francs 175,000,000 to finance
the execution of such Sub-Projects.
      Section 6.02. The following is specified as an additional
matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association, namely, that the Convention has been
duly authorized or ratified by the Borrower and AGETIP and is
legally binding upon the Borrower and AGETIP in accordance with
its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of
this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section
12.04 of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Minister of the Borrower responsible for
finance is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
For the Borrower:
            Ministcre de l'Economie et
              des Finances
            Rue Charles Laine
            B.P. 4017
            Dakar
            Senegal
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  MINIFINANCES              3203G
                  Dakar
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
Page  9
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia,
United States of America, as of the day and year first above
written.
                        REPUBLIC OF SENEGAL
                        By /s/ Ibra Degucne Ka
                                         Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        By /s/ Katherine Marshall
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1)  Civil Works for
     Sub-Projects,
     including
     AGETIP's fee for:
     (a) Cofinancing          10,600,000        50%
         Beneficiaries
         under Part A.1
         of the Project
     (b) Financed              6,600,000        90%
         Beneficiaries
         under Part A.1
         of the Project
     (c) Qualifying            4,400,000        67%
         Beneficiaries
         under Part A.2
         of the Project
(2)  Pilot Activities:                          100%
     (a) Civil Works for       2,200,000
         Sub-Projects under
         Part B.3 of the
         Project
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
Page  10
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
     (b) Consultants' Ser-     1,100,000
         vices under Part B
         of the Project
(3)  Consultants'              2,600,000        100%
     Services for
     Parts C and D of
     the Project
(4)  Refunding of                360,000        Amount due
     Project                                    pursuant to
     Preparation                                Section 2.02 (c)
     Advance                                    of this Agreement
(5)  Unallocated                 740,000
                              __________
     TOTAL                    28,600,000
                              ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule, the term "pilot
activities" means the activities described under Part B of the
Project.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of
this Agreement; and
      (b)   expenditures under Categories (1) and (2)(a) for any
Sub-Project to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
unless the Association shall have approved such Sub-Project.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are: (a) to finance a program
of municipal and governmental works in the area of infrastructure
upgrading and rehabilitation; (b) to promote local private
contractors and consulting firms in project execution; (c) to
improve the skills of workers, the corporate competitiveness of
firms and the public works expertise of municipalities; (d) to
create substantial new employment in urban areas using the private
sector; and (e) to strengthen the institutional capacity of
AGETIP.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may
agree upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Public Works Program
1.    Execution of public works sub-projects, to be carried out
under labor-intensive schemes by local contractors, including, but
not limited to, the construction and repair of urban
infrastructure and public facilities.
2.    Operation of a Sub-Project fund for Qualifying Beneficiaries
to encourage cost-efficient municipal management.
Part B:     AGETIP Pilot Activities
1.    Development and implementation by AGETIP of a program to
identify and execute income-generating projects for municipalities
and other projects to support the municipal economy.
2.    Development by AGETIP of a pilot public sector procurement
Page  11
program.
3.    Development and implementation by AGETIP of a pilot public
works program for rural areas.
Part C:     Training
1.    Development and implementation of training programs to
increase the technical and managerial capacity of small- and
medium-scale contracting firms engaged in the execution of Sub-
Projects, including:
      (a) a business administration and financial management
training program for entrepreneurs;
      (b)   a work organization training program primarily
designed for foremen; and
      (c)   various technical training courses to improve the
skills of basic workers.
2.    Development and implementation of a training program for
Beneficiaries and engineering firms for the preparation of
feasibility studies and technical project proposals for Sub-
Projects.
Part D:     Studies and Evaluation Program
1.    Development and implementation by AGETIP of a program to
monitor and evaluate its operations and the other activities it
finances, including financial and management audits of such
operations and activities.
2.    Preparation of a study of the Borrower's Public Investment
Program identifying and analyzing the bottlenecks in procurement,
contracting, works supervision, payments and audits that impede
the program's implementation.
3.    Preparation of an action program and execution of
preparatory steps for the creation of a mutual guarantee financial
institution to support micro and small construction public works
enterprises.
4.    Development and implementation in coordination with local
authorities of a program to increase grassroots participation in
urban infrastructure maintenance.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31,
1995.
                            SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
      Except as provided in Part B hereof, works shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the
Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:     Other Procurement Procedures
      Items or groups of items for (a) works estimated to cost the
equivalent of $400,000 or less per contract, and (b) goods may be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of competitive
bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with procedures
Page  12
satisfactory to the Association
Part C:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and
final contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract (i) for goods or works
estimated to cost the equivalent of $250,000 or more, and (ii) for
works for which there are less than five bidders, the procedures
set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines
shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made out
of the Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to
ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract required to
be furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d)
shall be furnished to the Association prior to the making of the
first payment out of the Special Account in respect of such
contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and
4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for
such contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed
copies of the contract together with the other information
required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the Association as part of the
evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to
this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist AGETIP in carrying out the Project,
AGETIP shall employ consultants whose qualifications, experience
and terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to
the Association. Such consultants shall be selected in accordance
with principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association on
the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World
Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency"
published by the Bank in August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
through (3) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to CFA Francs 600,000,000 to be withdrawn from the
Credit Account and deposited into the Special Account pursuant to
paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
Page  13
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with the
provisions of this Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to
it that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of
the Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish
the Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests
for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount
of the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or
requests, the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into the Special
Account such amount or amounts as the Borrower shall have
requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Association re-
                   quests for deposits into the Special Account at
                   such intervals as the Association shall
                   specify.
            (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   the documents and other evidence required
                   pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for
                   the payment or payments in respect of which
                   replenishment is requested. On the basis of
                   each such request, the Association shall, on
                   behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
                   Credit Account and deposit into the Special
                   Account such amount as the Borrower shall have
                   requested and as shall have been shown by said
                   documents and other evidence to have been paid
                   out of the Special Account for eligible
                   expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in
the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by
said documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower
directly from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions
of Article V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of
Section 2.02 of this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible Catego-
ries shall follow such procedures as the Association shall specify
by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made
only after and to the extent that the Association shall have been
Page  14
satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2
of this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence
furnished to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon
notice from the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence
as the Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special
Account (or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the
Association) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the
portion thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless the
Association shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the
Association into the Special Account shall be made until the
Borrower has provided such evidence or made such deposit or
refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund
to the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association,
refund to the Association all or any portion of the funds on
deposit in the Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the
Credit Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in
accordance with the relevant provisions of this Agreement,
including the General Conditions.
                            SCHEDULE 5
           Terms and Conditions For Convention Required
                    Pursuant to Section 3.01(b)
The Convention shall be for a term of five years and shall include
the following:
1.    Provisions for the transfer of the proceeds of the Credit on
a non-reimbursable basis to AGETIP for purposes of financing: (a)
expenditures incurred in carrying out the Sub-Projects;
(b) AGETIP's fee in connection with such Sub-Projects to be
payable in installments; and (c) expenditures incurred in carrying
out Parts B, C and D of the Project.
2.    The obligation of AGETIP to (a) take all measures necessary
to ensure that the Project is carried out with due diligence and
efficiency and in accordance with appropriate administrative,
technical and financial practices, (b) comply with the recordkeep-
ing, auditing and reporting requirements set forth in Article 4 of
the Development Credit Agreement, (c) maintain the accounting
system established in accordance with Section 6.02 (f) of the
Development Credit Agreement, unless the Borrower and the
Association shall otherwise agree, and (d) employ an independent
auditor under terms of reference acceptable to the Association.
3.    The obligation of AGETIP to conduct its operations in a
cost-effective manner, and to periodically review with the
Borrower and the Association its administrative cost structure.
4.    Attached as an annex thereto, the Procedures Manual which
shall specify the obligations of AGETIP relating to:  the
execution of the Project, the selection of Sub-Projects,
procurement, and the submission of evidence required for
withdrawing proceeds of the Credit and replenishing the Special
Account. These obligations shall include:
Page  15
      (a)   the requirement that AGETIP submit to the Association
for its approval a description of each Sub-Project for which it
intends to obtain financing from the Credit, including a
description of the activities to be financed, a listing of the
cost elements, and, evidence that (i) at least 50%, in the case of
any Cofinancing Beneficiary, (ii) at least 10%, in the case of any
Financed Beneficiary, and (iii) at least 33%, in the case of any
Qualifying Beneficiary, of the total cost of the Sub-Project shall
be financed from sources other than the Association or
Cofinancing;
      (b)   the requirement that no more than 25% of the total
cost of Sub-Projects to be financed from the Credit planned by
AGETIP for each year be for Financed Beneficiaries;
      (c)   the requirement that no Sub-Project Agreement shall be
signed unless AGETIP shall have received from the Beneficiary the
entirety of their total contribution for the Sub-Project; and
      (d)   the requirement that at least 80% of AGETIP's profits
be expended on Sub-Projects, unless the Borrower and the
Association shall otherwise agree.
5.    The obligation of AGETIP to keep the positions of Director
General, Technical Director, and Financial Director filled, at all
times, by persons having experience and qualifications acceptable
to the Borrower and the Association.
6.    The obligation of AGETIP to promptly inform the Borrower and
the Association of any condition which interferes, or threatens to
interfere, with (a) the progress of the Project or any Sub-
Project, (b) the accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit, (c)
the performance by AGETIP of its obligations under the Convention,
or (d) the performance by AGETIP or any Implementing Enterprises
of their respective obligations under any Sub-Project Agreement.
7.    The obligation of AGETIP to provide to the Association and
the Borrower: (a) by the fifteenth day of every other month, a
report of its activities covering the preceding two calendar
months of such scope and in such detail as the Borrower or the
Association shall reasonably request, and (b) not later than two
months after the Closing Date, a report complying with the
requirements of the completion report required under Section 9.06
(c) of the General Conditions.
8.    Attached thereto as an annex, a sample Sub-Project
Agreement.
9.    Attached thereto as an annex, a sample of the agreement to
be entered into between AGETIP and a Beneficiary regarding Sub-
Project execution.
10.   The obligation of AGETIP to submit to the Association for
its approval: (i) not later than August 31, 1993, a program of
proposed Sub-Projects (in addition to those presented pursuant to
Section 6.01(b) of the Development Credit Agreement) to be
financed from the Credit representing an aggregate estimated cost
of $16,000,000, and (ii) not later than August 31, 1994, a program
of additional proposed Sub-Projects to be financed from the Credit
representing an aggregate estimated cost of $16,000,000.
11.   The obligation of AGETIP to execute, during the period
beginning January 1, 1992 and ending December 31, 1995, a program
of Sub-Projects (other than those financed directly in whole or in
part by the Association or through Cofinancing) representing an
aggregate cost of $7,000,000 equivalent, out of which: (a) Sub-
Projects representing an aggregate cost of at least $2,300,000
equivalent shall be completed no later than December 31, 1993; and
(b) Sub-Projects representing a cumulative aggregate cost of at
least $4,600,000 equivalent shall be completed no later than
December 31, 1994.
12.   The obligation of the Borrower: (a) to make available to
Page  16
AGETIP 100% of the resources needed for the execution of the Sub-
Projects referred to in paragraph 11 above (without recourse to
any Cofinancing or any financing provided by the Association), and
(b) to deposit with AGETIP, each calendar quarter, its financial
contribution as required by AGETIP to finance expenditures
required during the following calendar quarter.
13.   The obligation of AGETIP to refund to the Borrower any
proceeds from the Credit not used for purposes of carrying out the
Project, unless the Borrower and the Association shall otherwise
agree.
