Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3249 IND
             (Second BRI/KUPEDES Small Credit Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                       BANK RAKYAT INDONESIA
                       Dated August 15, 1990
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3249 IND
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated August 15, 1990, between INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and BANK RAKYAT
INDONESIA (BRI).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Republic of Indonesia (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank
has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to one hundred twenty-five million dollars
($125,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that BRI agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and BRI, the proceeds of the loan provided for
under the Loan Agreement will be made available to BRI on the terms
and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS BRI, in consideration of the Bank's entering into the
Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
Page  2
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the Preamble to this
Agreement and the General Conditions (as so defined) have the
respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. BRI declares its commitment to the objectives of
the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, and,
to this end, shall carry out the Project with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate administrative and
financial practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for the Project.
      Section 2.02. (a) BRI shall make available part of the
proceeds of the Subsidiary Loan to the Unit Desas for purposes of
KUPEDES, in accordance with an internal transfer pricing system
which ensures that the onlending rate to each of the Unit Desa shall
be at least equal to the interest rate payable by each of the Unit
Desa on their three-month time deposits.
      (b)   BRI shall allocate, starting on January 1, 1991, and at
least every six months thereafter, to the Unit Desa Development Fund
an amount equal to at least fifty percent (50%) of the amount of the
margin between the interest rate payable by BRI on the Subsidiary
Loan and BRI's onlending rate to the Unit Desas.
      Section 2.03. (a) BRI shall not, without the Bank's prior
consent, make any changes to the Unit Desa Policy Statement.
      (b)   BRI shall not, without the Bank's prior consent, make
any changes to the Unit Desa Strategy Statement which materially and
adversely affect the carrying out of Part A of the Project or the
performance by BRI of its obligations under this Agreement.
      Section 2.04. (a) BRI undertakes that, unless the Bank shall
otherwise agree, any Sub-loan will be made on terms whereby BRI
shall obtain, by written agreement with the Sub-borrower or by other
appropriate legal means, rights adequate to protect the interests of
the Bank and BRI, including the terms and conditions and the rights
set forth in Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      (b)   BRI shall exercise its rights in relation to each Sub-
borrower in such manner as to: (i) protect the interests of the Bank
and BRI; (ii) comply with its obligations under this Agreement and
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and (iii) achieve the purposes of the
Project.
      Section 2.05. BRI shall use any outstanding balance of the
Subsidiary Loan for further relending under KUPEDES on the terms and
conditions set forth in Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.06. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of works, goods and consultants' services required for
Parts B and C of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Loan shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 2 to
this Agreement.
      Section 2.07. BRI shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
Page  3
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement.
      Section 2.08. BRI shall duly perform all its obligations under
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, BRI shall not take or concur in any action which would have
the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
                            ARTICLE III
                 Management and Operations of BRI
      Section 3.01. BRI shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative and financial
practices under the supervision of qualified and experienced
management assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers and in
accordance with the Unit Desa Policy Statement and the Unit Desa
Strategy Statement.
      Section 3.02. BRI shall take out and maintain with responsible
insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the Bank for,
insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be
consistent with appropriate practice.
      Section 3.03. BRI shall, whenever arrears in the KUPEDES loan
portfolio exceed 8% of the KUPEDES loan portfolio over a six-month
period, furnish to the Bank, within three months, for comments,
information relating to actions taken and its action plan to reduce
such arrears. BRI shall, thereafter, carry out such action plan,
taking into account the Bank's comments thereon. For the purposes of
this Section, the word "arrears" means any payment of principal
overdue by one day or more.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) BRI shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   BRI shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                  and expenses and related statements) for each
                  fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Bank;
     (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in any
            case not later than nine months after the end of each
            such year: (A) certified copies of its financial
            statements for such year as so audited; and (B) the
            report of such audit by said auditors of such scope and
            in such detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
            requested (including a report on quarter-by-quarter
            disbursements, repayments, and beginning and ending
            balances of, the outstanding KUPEDES loan portfolio);
            and
    (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information concerning
            said records, accounts and financial statements as well
            as the audit thereof, as the Bank shall from time to
            time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditures, BRI shall:
Page  4
            (i)   maintain in accordance with sound accounting
                  practices, records and accounts reflecting such
                  expenditures;
     (ii)   ensure that all records (contracts, orders, invoices,
            bills, receipts and other documents) evidencing such
            expenditures are retained until at least one year after
            the Bank has received the audit report for the fiscal
            year in which the last withdrawal from the Loan Account
            was made;
          (iii)   enable the Bank's representatives to examine such
                  records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section, and that the
                  report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                  as to whether the statements of expenditure
                  submitted during such fiscal year, together with
                  the procedures and internal controls involved in
                  their preparation, can be relied upon to support
                  the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of BRI thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the Loan
Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the Bank
shall promptly notify BRI thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified
or at such other address as such party shall have designated by
notice to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      For BRI:
Page  5
            Bank Rakyat Indonesia
            Jalan Jenderal Sudirman Kav. 44-46
            P.O. Box 94 Jakarta 10201, Indonesia
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  KANPUSBRI                 44729
                                            45229
                                            44782
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of BRI may be taken or executed by the President
Director or such other person or persons as the President Director
shall designate in writing, and BRI shall furnish to the Bank
sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ Russell Cheetham
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                              Asia
                  BANK RAKYAT INDONESIA
                  By /s/ Abdul Rachman Ramly
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
                 Terms and Conditions of Sub-loans
1.    Terms and conditions of Sub-loans for working capital and
investment:
      (a)   Rp 25 million maximum Sub-loan amount;
      (b)   on Sub-loans up to Rp 3 million, at an annual interest
rate equivalent to 1.5% per month calculated on a flat rate basis on
the original Sub-loan principal;
      (c)   on Sub-loans exceeding Rp 3 million, at an annual
interest rate equivalent to 1.5% per month calculated on a flat rate
basis on the first Rp 3 million of the original Sub-loan principal,
and at the rate of 1% per month calculated on a flat basis on the
amount of the original Sub-loan principal in excess of Rp 3 million;
and
      (d)   Sub-loans shall be repaid over a period to be decided by
BRI, such period not to exceed two years for working capital Sub-
loans, and three years for investment Sub-loans, including a maximum
grace period of nine months.
Page  6
2.    Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, BRI shall obtain, in
respect of Sub-loans, the right to require that the goods and
services to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be
purchased at a reasonable price, account being taken also of other
relevant factors such as time of delivery and efficiency and
reliability of the goods and availability of maintenance facilities
and spare parts therefor, and, in the case of services, of their
quality and the competence of the parties rendering them.
                            SCHEDULE 2
             Procurement of Works, Goods and Services
Section I
Part A:
      Civil works and equipment under Parts B(1) and B(2) of the
Project may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
Part B:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for civil works and
equipment under Parts B(1) and B(2) of the Project estimated to cost
the equivalent of $1,000,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
      (b)   With respect to each contract for civil works and
equipment under Parts B(1) and B(2) of the Project not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3
and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts for civil works and equipment under Parts
B(1) and B(2) of the Project on account of which the Bank has
authorized withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of para-
graph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist in carrying out Part C of the Project, BRI
shall employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms
and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank. Such
consultants shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World
Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
