Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3259 IN
                        Guarantee Agreement
            (Second Petrochemicals Development Project)
                              between
                               INDIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                      Dated November 7, 1990
                                                    LOAN NUMBER 3259 IN
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated November 7, 1990, between INDIA, acting by
its President (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Guarantor and the Indian Petrochemical
Corporation Limited (the Borrower), having been satisfied as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
the Loan Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to two hundred thirty-three
million dollars ($233,000,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the
Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in
respect of such loan as provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General Conditions)
constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions, in the Preamble to
this Agreement and Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the
respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, without limitation or restriction upon
any of its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the
Guarantor hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and
not as surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal
of, and interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if
any, on the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of
all the other obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in the
Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the Guarantor speci-
fically undertakes, whenever there is reasonable cause to believe
that the funds available to the Borrower will be inadequate to meet
the estimated expenditures required for the carrying out of the
Project, to make arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank, promptly to
provide the Borrower or cause the Borrower to be provided with such
funds as are needed to meet such expenditures.
                            ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. The Guarantor shall, commencing in calendar year
1991 and every two calendar years thereafter, review the progress of
investments in Olefins and Aromatics complexes to assess their
economic viability. The Guarantor shall discuss the results of such
periodic reviews with the Bank.
      Section 3.02. The Guarantor shall periodically review the
minimum economic size criteria established for petrochemical
products. Such periodic reviews shall take into account ongoing
technological developments.
      Section 3.03. The Guarantor shall maintain an appropriate
price established by it for ethane/propane which constitute the
feedstock for the production of petrochemicals and shall inform the
Bank of any proposed change therein and afford the Bank an
opportunity to comment on the proposed change.
      Section 3.04. The Guarantor shall arrange for the timely
supply of adequate quantities of feedstock to the Borrower for the
purposes of the Project.
                              ARTICLE IV
            Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 4.01. The Secretary, Additional Secretary, Joint
Secretary, Director, Deputy Secretary, or Under Secretary of the
Page  3
Department of Economic Affairs in the Ministry of Finance of the
Guarantor is designated as representative of the Guarantor for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            The Secretary to the Government of India
            Ministry of Finance
            Department of Economic Affairs
            New Delhi, India
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  ECOFAIRS                  953-3166175
                  New Delhi
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
            Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.U.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        INDIA
                        By /s/ Anil Kumar
                                         Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                          RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                        By /s/ Daniel Ritchie
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                              Asia
