                                                                     86764
         International Bank for Reconstruction and Development
                  International Development Association
                     International Finance Corporation
                Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency
                        FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
                        CONFIDENTIAL
                                                                       EDS97-433
                                                                 November 25, 1997


Board Meeting of November 24, 1997
Statement by Matthias Meyer
                      NEPAL: CAS Progress Report
                   NEPAL: Irrigation Sector Project
       NEPAL: Multimodal Transit and Trade Facilitation Project

We commend Management and Staff for the candor of the Progress Report
and for its clear but rather sobering assessment of progress achieved
to date. Macroeconomic stability, reflected in constant domestic
inflation and better controlled balance of payment situation are
positive developments. On the other hand, institutional weakness,
particularly regarding management capacity, frequent changes at
ministerial and lower level positions, as well as a lack of clear-cut,
uniform and enforced policies are among the persistent problems
hampering development process. Prospects for sustainable growth would
require greater progress in key structural reform areas, improved
fiscal management and greater selectivity in the public investment
program. Given the track record and the persistence of coalition
governments this is unlikely to happen in the near future.
On this background we agree that IDA should continue to focus on areas
where it can use its leverage for policy adjustment, to concentrate on
sectors that are less affected by political and administrative
changes, to support projects which are simple in design, emphasize
capacity building and involve beneficiaries, private sector and NGOs.

We support the Multimodal Transit and Trade Facilitation project. It
is in our view a good application of IDAâ€™s strategy to support
projects that are sufficiently simple in design as to ensure timely
and effective implementation. The project builds on the already
improved trade relationship with neighbor countries and will further
strengthen Nepal's regional trading.
Improving water resources management and rendering irrigation more
productive and sustainable are crucial for improving agriculture being
the engine of growth for Nepal's economy and for alleviating rural
poverty. The proposed Nepal Irrigation Sector Project (NISP) clearly
builds on lessons learnt and on successfully piloted approaches in
several IDA supported projects, particularly with regard to user
management of small irrigation schemes. However, the proposed project
is more than just a scaling up of pilots. Project design and policy
issues give raise to some important concerns:
                                   2


1. Water policy/sequencing: The current subsidy levels of 85% for
irrigation investments and of 90% for Operation & Maintenance costs
are unsustainably high. Thus in the 1996 CAS, further lending in
irrigation was made contingent upon the development and implementation
of a water resources strategy, including needed changes in pricing and
subsidies. Such policy is clearly not in place, and the strategy work
is still at an early stage. The NISP includes a water strategy
component and water policy work (i.e. review of subsidy policy, review
of O&M and water charges) to be completed by year 3 of the Project.
However, we miss a clear sequencing of policy and strategy work and
clear targets (i.e. timing, subsidy levels). In our view, subsidy and
pricing issues need to be solved quickly, whereas strategy work, based
on an integrated riverbasin-wide approach is of a longer-term nature,
inter alia because of the required involvement and consultation of
stakeholders.
2. Budget constraints: Improving Operation & Maintenance of public
irrigation schemes and implementing a true consumption based
determination of water charges are a prerequisite for promoting
stronger user cost-sharing in O&M. Nepal's current lack of investment
planning and prioritization, proliferation of projects and dilution of
scarce investment budgets, and the associated sustainability problems
regarding Operation & Maintenance are a matter of concern. Annual
incremental budget requirements for NISP would be relatively small,
but on the background of ever growing claims on Nepal's development
budget, any increment is problematic, unless there is a clear
commitment to prioritize budget allocations. In this context, the
reduced share for agriculture and irrigation in Nepal's overall
development budget in FY98 raises concern as to the country's capacity
to improve O&M performance.
3. Complexity of Project design: The sector project design is complex.
It involves three implementing government agencies, central government
and district level entities, a separate project structure for the SMIP
component in the Eastern Region, and a set of mechanisms for
coordination of strategy work, overall project implementation and of
subproject implementation at the regional level. Effective project
implementation, adequate linking of investments and policy development
and enforcement will pose significant challenges, given the country's
unstable institutional framework and the general tendency for pushing
up decision making to higher levels in the hierarchy. Monitoring and
supervision will have to pay particular attention to the adequate
functioning of the decentralized mechanisms for subproject appraisal,
approval and implementation.

4. Productivity: Gains from improved irrigation usually require
concomitant efforts for improving agricultural productivity and
marketing of agricultural outputs. In the 1996 CAS, this was at least
in parts the rationale for FY97 programming of the Agricultural
Technology and Dissemination Project, which subsequently slipped by
one year. We would appreciate some elaboration of the likely
implications of the slippage.
