Page  1
                                        CONFORMED COPY
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2096 ZR
             Development Credit Agreement
               (Pilot Extension Project)
                        between
                   REPUBLIC OF ZAIRE
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                 Dated March 15, 1990
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2096 ZR
             DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated March 15, 1990, between the
REPUBLIC OF ZAIRE (the Borrower) and the INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association).
     WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself
as to the feasibility and priority of the Project
described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has requested
the Association to assist in the financing of the
Project;
     (B)  the Borrower intends to receive from the United
Nations Development Programme (the UNDP) a grant (the
UNDP Grant) in an amount equivalent to $4,500,000 to
assist in financing the Project on the terms and
conditions set forth in an agreement (the UNDP Agreement)
to be entered into between the Borrower and the UNDP;
     WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis,
inter alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the
Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
Page  2
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02
deleted (the General Conditions) constitute an integral
part of this Agreement.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions and
in the Preamble to this Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional
terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "Department" means the Borrower's Department
responsible for extension services;
     (b)  "Special Account" means the account referred to
in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement; and
     (c)  "Project Preparation Advance' means the
aggregate amounts of the advances granted by the
Association to the Borrower for the preparation of the
Project pursuant to exchanges of letters dated February
21, 1989, March 17, 1989, October 6, 1989 and March 5,
1990.
                      ARTICLE II
                      The Credit
     Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in the Development Credit Agreement, an
amount in various currencies equivalent to four million
six hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR
4,600,000).
     Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be
withdrawn from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of this Section and of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the Association
shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project
described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
     (b)  The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the
Project, open and maintain in dollars a special account
in a commercial bank on terms and conditions satisfactory
to the Association. Deposits into, and payments out of,
the Special Account shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
     (c)  Promptly after the Effective Date, the
Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw
from the Credit Account and pay to itself the amount
required to repay the principal amount of the Project
Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of such
date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The
unwithdrawn balance of the authorized amount of the
Project Preparation Advance shall thereupon be cancelled.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31,
1992 or such later date as the Association shall
establish. The Association shall promptly notify the
Borrower of such later date.
     Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a commitment charge on the principal amount
of the Credit not withdrawn from time to time at a rate
Page  3
to be set by the Association as of June 30 of each year,
but not to exceed the rate of one-half of one percent
(1/2 of 1%) per annum.
     (b)  The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from
the date sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the
accrual date) to the respective dates on which amounts
shall be withdrawn from the Credit Account or cancelled;
and (ii) at the rate set as of the June 30 immediately
preceding the accrual date or at such other rates as may
be set from time to time thereafter pursuant to paragraph
(a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year shall
be applied from the next payment rate in that year
specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
     (c)  The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at
such places as the Association shall reasonably request;
(ii) without restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in
the territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency
specified in this Agreement for the purposes of Section
4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other eligible
currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that
Section.
     Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a service charge at the rate of three-fourths
of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal
amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time
to time.
     Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges
shall be payable semiannually on June 15 and December 15
in each year.
     Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c)
below, the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Credit in semiannual installments payable on each
June 15 and December 15, commencing June 15, 2000 and
ending December 15, 2029. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on December 15, 2009
shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and
each installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of
such principal amount.
     (b)  Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national
product per capita, as determined by the Association,
shall have exceeded $790 in constant 1985 dollars for
five consecutive years; and (ii) the Bank shall consider
the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval
thereof by the Executive Directors of the Association and
after due consideration by them of the development of the
Borrower's economy, modify the terms of repayment of
installments under paragraph (a) above by requiring the
Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the
Borrower, the Association may revise such modification to
include, in lieu of some or all of the increase in the
amounts of such installments, the payment of interest at
an annual rate agreed with the Association on the
principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding
from time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the
Association, such revision shall not change the grant
element obtained under the above-mentioned repayment
modification.
     (c)  If, at any time after a modification of terms
pursuant to paragraph (b) above, the Association
determines that the Borrower's economic condition has
deteriorated significantly, the Association may, if so
Page  4
requested by the Borrower, further modify the terms of
repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
     Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of
America is hereby specified for the purposes of Section
4.02 of the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE III
               Execution of the Project
     Section 3.01. The Borrower declares its commitment
to the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule
2 to this Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out the
Project with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate financial, economic,
administrative, management and agricultural practices,
and shall provide, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for the
Project.
     Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods and the
selection of consultants, services required for the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3
to this Agreement.
     Section 3.03. (a) The Borrower shall ensure that its
National Extension Service within the Department be
staffed at all times with qualified and experienced
personnel and that appointments of the following key
staff be made only following an exchange of views with
the Association on proposed candidates: the Director of
the National Extension Services and his three chiefs of
divisions (extension, adaptive research and
administration) and all extension coordinators in the
pilot operations.
     (b)  The Borrower shall carry out the Project
pursuant to annual work plans satisfactory to the
Association; for the purpose, the Borrower shall furnish
to the Association: (i) prior to September 1 in each year
a proposed annual work plan for the National Extension
Service, including an assessment of achievements, the
number of farmers covered, a statement of costs,
objectives for the future, a proposed budget and
financing plan showing sources of funds and a three-year
forecast of expenditures, an implementation schedule
including proposed procurement, training and technical
assistance; and (ii) prior to April 1 in each year an
annual report comparing achievements with objectives.
     Section 3.04. The extension services included in the
Project shall be carried out by local executing agencies
in the pilot areas under arrangements which shall have
been previously approved by the Association.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or
cause to be maintained records and accounts adequate to
reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices the
operations, resources and expenditures in respect of the
Project of the departments or agencies of the Borrower,
including sub-contractors, responsible for carrying out
the Project or any part thereof.
     (b)  The Borrower shall:
Page  5
          (i)  have the records and accounts referred to
               in paragraph (a) of this Section,
               including those for the Special Account,
               audited for each fiscal year in
               accordance with appropriate auditing
               principles consistently applied, by
               independent auditors acceptable to the
               Association;
          (ii) furnish to the Association, as soon as
               available, but in any case not later than
               six months after the end of each such
               year, a certified copy of the report of
               such audit by said auditors, of such
               scope and in such detail as the
               Association shall have reasonably
               requested; and
         (iii) furnish to the Association such
               other information concerning said
               records, accounts and the audit
               thereof as the Association shall
               from time to time reasonably
               request.
     (c)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the
basis of statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
          (i)  maintain or cause to be maintained, in
               accordance with paragraph (a) of this
               Section, records and accounts reflecting
               such expenditures;
          (ii) retain, until at least one year after the
               Association has received the audit report
               for the fiscal year in which the last
               withdrawal from the Credit Account or
               payment out of the Special Account was
               made, all records (contracts, orders,
               invoices, bills, receipts and other
               documents) evidencing such expenditures;
         (iii) enable the Association's
               representatives to examine such
               records; and
          (iv) ensure that such records and accounts are
               included in the annual audit referred to
               in paragraph (b) of this Section and that
               the report of such audit contains a
               separate opinion by said auditors as to
               whether the statements of expenditure
               submitted during such fiscal year,
               together with the procedures and internal
               controls involved in their preparation,
               can be relied upon to support the related
               withdrawals.
                       ARTICLE V
Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses; Termination
     Section 5.01. The Commissaire d'Etat of the Borrower
responsible for finance is designated as representative
of the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the
General Conditions.
     Section 5.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions.
Page  6
     For the Borrower:
          Departement des Finances
          Boite Postale 12997
          Kinshasa 1
          Republic of Zaire
          Cable address:                Telex:
               DENFIN                   21161 KIN GOMBE
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS                  197688 (TRT),
               Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA)
                                         64145 (WUI)
                                         82987 (FTCC)
     Section 5.03. The date ninety days after the date of
this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of
Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               REPUBLIC OF ZAIRE
               By /s/ Mukendi Tambo a Kabila
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                Regional Vice President
                                                 Africa
                      SCHEDULE 1
       Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the
allocation of the amounts of the Credit to each Category
and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                       Amount of the
                     Credit Allocated      % of
                       (Expressed in   Expenditures
   Category           SDR Equivalent) to be Financed
(1) Vehicles,           1,490,000       100% of foreign
    equipment and                       expenditures and
Page  7
    materials                           85% of local
                                        expenditures
(2) Consultants'          290,000       100% of foreign
    and experts'                        expenditures and
    services,                           85% of local
    training and                        expenditures
    studies
(3) Operating             940,000       85% of local
    costs                               expenditures
(4) Refunding of        1,190,000       Amount due pur-
    Project Prepara-                    suant to Section
    tion Advance                        2.02 (c) of this
                                        Agreement
(5) Unallocated           690,000
   TOTAL                4,600,000
2.   For the purposes of withdrawals under Category (3)
above, the term "operating costs" means expenditures for
the operation and maintenance of vehicles used in
carrying out the Project, office supplies and other
recurrent expenditures for the Project previously
approved by the Association.
3.   In the event that the amount allocated to Category
(4) above exceeds the amount due, the excess will be
reallocated to Category (5).
4.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "foreign expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of any country other than
that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from
the territory of any country other than that of the
Borrower; and
     (b)  the term "local expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for goods
or services supplied from the territory of the Borrower.
5.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments for
expenditures made prior to the date of this Agreement.
                      SCHEDULE 2
              Description of the Project
     The objectives of the Project are to serve as a
pilot to test the impact of improved extension on farmers
income and production, and the possibility of improving
extension on a large scale in Zaire.
     The Project includes the following Parts:
Part A:   Management of the Department
1.   Strengthening of the capabilities of the Department
to support extension services according to specific
principles of sound field management, in:
     (a)  planning field visit and training schedules;
     (b)  selecting active and representative farmer groups,
including women's groups;
     (c)  supervising field agents and trainers;
Page  8
     (d)  coordinating extension activities and their interaction
with research activities;
     (e)  contracting with local entities for the
execution of activities; and
     (f)  supervising and administering the overall
services.
2.   Procurement of transport, extension and office
equipment for the above.
3.   Construction and rehabilitation of office and
storage buildings.
Part B:   Training
1.   Conducting induction seminars, regular training of
extension agents, monthly seminars for subject matter
specialists, visits to experiment sites.
2.   Providing study tours, inside and outside the
country.
3.   Carrying out training in financial management.
4.   Procurement of training materials and equipment for
the above.
Part C:   Adaptive Research
1.   Conducting field diagnoses.
2.   Establishment and carrying out of adaptive research
programs.
3.   Establishment of experimental plots.
4.   Procurement of research materials and equipment and
construction for the above.
Part D:   Monitoring and Evaluation
1.   Establishment of a monitoring and evaluation units.
2.   Establishment of a farmer sampling system.
3.   Collection and processing of data on the adoption of
messages
and on the impact of extension.
4.   Procurement of equipment and materials for the
above.
Part E:   Studies
1.   Carrying out studies to assess the impact of the
Project and its costs, and to prepare a future follow-up
project.
2.   Conducting special studies on the viability and
ecological impact of the use of agricultural inputs,
especially pesticides and fertilizers.
3.   Preparation and carrying out an action program for
increasing the number of females in the extension
services.
4.   Carrying out broad studies to improve rural
development policies.
                       *   *   *
Page  9
     The Project is expected to be completed by June 30,
1992.
                      SCHEDULE 3
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
1.   Except as provided in Part B of this Schedule, goods
shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance
with procedures consistent with those set forth in
Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement
under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.   To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall
be grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the
equivalent of at least $70,000 for the purpose of
inviting bids.
Part B:   Other Procurement Procedures
     Contracts for the purchase of vehicles and equipment
which, after grouping as described in Part A.2 above, are
estimated to cost less than the equivalent of $70,000 may
be procured on the basis of shopping as described in
paragraph 3.4 of the Guidelines provided, however, that
the aggregate value of goods so procured shall not,
without the prior approval of the Association, exceed the
equivalent of $300,000.
Part C:   Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each contract for goods
estimated to cost the equivalent of $70,000 or more, and
to any contract for the purchase of pesticides, the
procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1
to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished
to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall
be furnished to the Association prior to the making of
the first payment out of the Special Account in respect
of such contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding subparagraph (a), the procedures set forth
in paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines
shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be
made out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the Association as part
of the evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4
of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
2.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the
Project, the Borrower shall employ such consultants and
Page  10
experts as shall be agreed between the Borrower and the
Association and whose qualifications, experience and
terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory
to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to
the Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the
Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the
World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in
August 1981.
                      SCHEDULE 4
                    Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "eligible Categories" means Categories
(1), (2) and (3) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
     (b)  the term "eligible expenditures' means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit allocated from time to
time to the eligible Categories in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
     (c)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an
amount of $250,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit
Account and deposited into the Special Account pursuant
to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.   Payments out of the Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with
the provisions of this Schedule.
3.   After the Association has received evidence
satisfactory to it that the Special Account has been duly
opened, withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and
subsequent withdrawals to replenish the Special Account
shall be made as follows:
     (a)  For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation,
the Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request
or requests for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed
the amount of the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of
such request or requests, the Association shall, on
behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and deposit into the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
     (b)  (i)  For replenishment of the Special Account,
               the Borrower shall furnish to the
               Association requests for deposits into
               the Special Account at such intervals as
               the Association shall specify.
          (ii) Prior to or at the time of each such
               request, the Borrower shall furnish to
               the Association the documents and other
               evidence required pursuant to paragraph 4
               of this Schedule for the payment or
               payments in respect of which
               replenishment is requested. On the basis
               of each such request, the Association
               shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
               withdraw from the Credit Account and
               deposit into the Special Account such
               amount as the Borrower shall have
               requested and as shall have been shown by
               said documents and other evidence to have
               been made out of the Special Account for
Page  11
               eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association
from the Credit Account under the respective eligible
Categories, and in the respective equivalent amounts, as
shall have been justified by said documents and other
evidence.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of the
Special Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the
Association shall reasonably request, furnish to the
Association such documents and other evidence showing
that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
expenditures.
5.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of
this Schedule, the Association shall not be required to
make further deposits into the Special Account:
     (a)  if, at any time, the Association shall have
determined that all further withdrawals should be made by
the Borrower directly from the Credit Account in
accordance with the provisions of Article V of the
General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
     (b)  once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of
any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General
Conditions with respect to the Project, shall equal the
equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized
Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to
the eligible Categories shall follow such procedures as
the Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower.
Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and to
the extent that the Association shall have been satisfied
that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special
Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
     (a)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was
made for an expenditure or in an amount not eligible
pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule; (ii) was not
justified by the evidence furnished to the Association,
the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the
Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special
Account (or, if the Association shall so request, refund
to the Association) an amount equal to the amount of such
payment or the portion thereof not so eligible or
justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise agree,
no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided
such evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case
may be.
     (b)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any amount outstanding in the Special Account
will not be required to cover further payments for
eligible expenditures, the Borrower shall, promptly upon
notice from the Association, refund to the Association
such outstanding amount.
     (c)  The Borrower may, upon notice to the
Association, refund to the Association all or any portion
of the funds on deposit in the Special Account.
Page  12
     (d)  Refunds to the Association made pursuant to
paragraphs 6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be
credited to the Credit Account for subsequent withdrawal
or for cancellation in accordance with the relevant
provisions of this Agreement, including the General
Conditions.
