Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3502 JM
      (Energy Sector Deregulation and Privatization Project)
                              between
                              JAMAICA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                      Dated October 21, 1992
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3502 JM
                          LOAN AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated October 21, 1992, between JAMAICA (the
Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Bank to assist in the financing of
the Project;
      (B)   the Borrower intends to contract from one or more
cofinanciers one or more loans in an aggregate amount equivalent to
fifty-six million dollars ($56,000,000) to assist in financing the
Project on the terms and conditions set forth in one or more
agreements to be entered into between the Borrower and the
cofinancier or cofinanciers; and
      (C)   Parts B.1 and C of the Project will be carried out by
Jamaica Public Service Company, Limited (JPSCo.) with the Borrower's
assistance and, as part of such assistance, the Borrower will make
available to JPSCo. a portion of the proceeds of the Loan as
Page  2
provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter alia, of the
foregoing, to extend the Loan to the Borrower upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Project Agreement
of even date herewith between the Bank and JPSCo.;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth below (the General Conditions) constitute an
integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)   The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      (b)   In Section 6.02, sub-paragraph (k) is re-lettered as
sub-paragraph (l) and a new sub-paragraph (k) is added to read:
            "(k)  An extraordinary situation shall have arisen under
      which any further withdrawals under the Loan would be
      inconsistent with the provisions of Article III, Section 3 of
      the Bank's Articles of Agreement."
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Administration Agreement" means the agreement to be
entered into between the Borrower and the National Investment Bank
of Jamaica for the administration of the Private Sector Energy Fund
in accordance with the provisions of Section 2 of Schedule 5 to this
Agreement;
      (b)   "Corporate Action Plan" means the Corporate Action Plan
attached to the letter of even date with this Agreement from JPSCo.
to the Bank;
      (c)   "Fund" means the Private Sector Energy Fund, as said
fund is defined hereinafter;
      (d)   "Fund Loans" means loans from the Private Sector Energy
Fund, as said fund is defined hereinafter;
      (e)   "Jamaica dollars" means the currency of the Borrower;
      (f)   "JPSCo." means the Borrower's Jamaica Public Service
Company, Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of Jamaica;
      (g)   "NIBJ" means the Borrower's National Investment Bank of
Jamaica, successor to the Jamaica National Investment Company,
established under the Borrower's Company Act, 1965 on January 14,
1975;
      (h)   "Private Power Unit" means the unit to be established
within the NIBJ for the purpose of administering the Fund (as
defined herein) in accordance with the provisions of Section 2 of
Schedule 5 to this Agreement;
      (i)   "Private Sector Energy Fund" means the fund to be
established by the Borrower under Part D of the Project in
accordance with the provisions of Section 2 of Schedule 5 to this
Agreement;
      (j)   "Project Agreement" means the agreement between the Bank
and JPSCo. of even date herewith, as the same may be amended from
time to time, and such term includes all schedules and agreements
Page  3
supplemental to the Project Agreement;
      (k)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (l)   "Steering Committee" means the committee established by
the Borrower in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.12 of
this Agreement;
      (m)   "Subprojects" means Part A and Part B.2 of the Project,
and "Subproject" means either one of them as the context requires,
as proposed to be carried out by a company selected in accordance
with the procedures set forth in Schedule 7 to this Agreement; and
      (n)   "Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement to be
entered into between the Borrower and JPSCo. pursuant to Section
3.01 (c) of this Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to
time, and such term includes all schedules to the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                             The Loan
      Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the Borrower, on the
terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the Loan Agreement,
various currencies that shall have an aggregate value equivalent to
the amount of sixty million dollars ($60,000,000), being the sum of
withdrawals of the proceeds of the Loan, with each withdrawal valued
by the Bank as of the date of such withdrawal.
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Loan may be withdrawn from
the Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the Bank shall so
agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and
services required for Parts A, B, D and E of the Project described
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of Parts A, B, D
and E of the Project, open and maintain in dollars a special deposit
account in a commercial bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to
the Bank, including appropriate protection against set off, seizure
or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special
Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule
6 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1997 or
such later date as the Bank shall establish. The Bank shall promptly
notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a commitment
charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per
annum on the principal amount of the Loan not withdrawn from time to
time.
      Section 2.05. (a) The Borrower shall pay interest on the
principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time to
time, at a rate for each Interest Period equal to the Cost of
Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of the preceding
Semester, plus one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%). On each of the
dates specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower
shall pay interest accrued on the principal amount outstanding
during the preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rate
applicable during such Interest Period.
      (b)   As soon as practicable after the end of each Semester,
the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost of Qualified
Borrowings determined in respect of such Semester.
      (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
Page  4
            (i)    "Interest Period" means a six-month period
                   ending on the date immediately preceding each
                   date specified in Section 2.06 of this
                   Agreement, beginning with the Interest Period in
                   which this Agreement is signed.
           (ii)    "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the cost,
                   as reasonably determined by the Bank and
                   expressed as a percentage per annum, of the
                   outstanding borrowings of the Bank drawn down
                   after June 30, 1982, excluding such borrowings
                   or portions thereof as the Bank has allocated to
                   fund: (A) the Bank's investments; and (B) loans
                   which may be made by the Bank after July 1, 1989
                   bearing interest rates determined otherwise than
                   as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section.
          (iii)    "Semester" means the first six months or the
                   second six months of a calendar year.
      (d)   On such date as the Bank may specify by no less than six
months' notice to the Borrower, paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) (iii) of
this Section shall be amended to read as follows:
                   "(a)  The Borrower shall pay interest on the
            principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding
            from time to time, at a rate for each Quarter equal to
            the Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect
            of the preceding Quarter, plus one-half of one percent
            (1/2 of 1%). On each of the dates specified in Section
            2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall pay interest
            accrued on the principal amount outstanding during the
            preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rates
            applicable during such Interest Period."
                   "(b)  As soon as practicable after the end of
            each Quarter, the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the
            Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of
            such Quarter."
                   "(c) (iii) `Quarter' means a three-month period
            commencing on January 1, April 1, July 1 or October 1 in
            a calendar year."
      Section 2.06. Interest and other charges shall be payable
semiannually on June 1 and December 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Loan in accordance with the amortization schedule set forth in
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.08. JPSCo. is designated as representative of the
Borrower in respect of Part B.1 of the Project for the purposes of
taking any action required or permitted to be taken under the
provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Article V of the
General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end:
            (i)    shall carry out Parts A, B.2, D and E of the
                   Project with due diligence and efficiency and in
                   conformity with appropriate administrative,
                   engineering and financial practices and shall
                   provide, promptly as needed, the funds,
                   facilities, services and other resources
                   required for such Parts of the Project; and
Page  5
           (ii)    without limitation or restriction upon any of
                   its other obligations under the Loan Agreement,
                   shall cause JPSCo. to perform all its obliga-
                   tions set forth in the Project Agreement, shall
                   take or cause to be taken all action, including
                   the provision of funds, facilities, services and
                   other resources, necessary or appropriate to
                   enable JPSCo. to perform such obligations, and
                   shall not take or permit to be taken any action
                   which would prevent or interfere with such
                   performance.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section, and except as the Borrower and the Bank shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall carry out Parts A, B.2 and D of
the Project, or shall cause them to be carried out, in accordance
with the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 5 to this
Agreement. For the purpose of carrying out Parts A and B.2 of the
Project, the Borrower shall select privately-owned companies in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 4, Section II, and
Schedule 7 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The Borrower shall relend a portion of the proceeds of
the Loan to JPSCo. under a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered
into between the Borrower and JPSCo., under terms and conditions
which shall have been approved by the Bank which shall include a fee
of 0.5% per annum and the foreign exchange risk to be borne by
JPSCo.
      (d)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement in such manner as to protect the interests
of the Borrower and the Bank and to accomplish the purposes of the
Loan, and, except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, the Borrower
shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for Parts A, B.2, D and E of the Project and to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the provisions of
Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Bank and the Borrower hereby agree that the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and
9.09 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods
and services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of Parts B.1 and C of
the Project shall be carried out by JPSCo. pursuant to Section 2.03
of the Project Agreement.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower agrees and represents that all
environmental impact assessments and other requirements under its
legislation have been made or fulfilled with respect to Parts A, B
and C of the Project, that it shall implement an environmental
mitigation plan for Part B of the Project whose timing, scope and
execution strategy shall be acceptable to the Bank, and that it
shall not authorize any Fund loans unless the onlending agreements
shall contain provisions acceptable to the Bank to ensure compliance
with the Bank's environmental and occupational health and safety
guidelines.
      Section 3.05. Without limitation upon the provisions of
Section 9.07 of the General Conditions, the Borrower shall:
      (a)   furnish to the Bank and the cofinanciers of the Fund
quarterly progress reports in a format satisfactory to the Bank on
the Project; and
      (b)   undertake jointly with the Bank a mid-term review of all
Parts of the Project by December 1, 1994.
Page  6
      Section 3.06. The Borrower shall assist JPSCo. in carrying out
the Corporate Action Plan and shall review annually with the Bank
and JPSCo. the performance of JPSCo. against the parameters set
forth in said Plan.
      Section 3.07. Prior to the approval of Fund loans, the
Borrower shall: (i) establish eligibility criteria for investments
in the power subsector acceptable to the Bank; and (ii) furnish to
the Bank a copy of the Private Power Unit's assessment report for
the Subproject, as well as a copy of all proposed contractual
arrangements with the selected company for its review and approval.
      Section 3.08. The Borrower shall ensure, through the
Administration Agreement, that NIBJ appoint consultants to assist
the Private Power Unit by October 1, 1992, said consultants to have
qualifications and experience acceptable to the Bank.
      Section 3.09. Starting in 1993, the Borrower shall review with
the Bank by April 1 of each year the onlending rate of interest to
be charged on Fund loans. The Borrower shall make such adjustments
in the onlending rate as shall be necessary in accordance with the
methodology agreed with the Bank.
      Section 3.10. The Borrower shall furnish to the Bank for its
review and approval a strategy for the privatization and deregu-
lation of the power subsector, including the structure of the
regulatory framework and the ownership and organization of all power
sector entities, as well as a plan for its implementation, within
three months of the submission of the consultants' report to the
Borrower concerning these matters, and shall thereafter implement
such strategy and plan as approved by the Bank.
      Section 3.11. The Borrower shall, with the assistance of
consultants whose qualifications and experience shall be acceptable
to the Bank, carry out a study on the deregulation and privatization
of the petroleum subsector on the basis of terms of reference
acceptable to the Bank and shall review the conclusions and
recommendations of said study with the Bank by January 1, 1993.
      Section 3.12. For the purpose of the management of Parts A,
B.2, D and E of the Project, the Borrower shall establish and
maintain during the execution of the Project a committee under the
chairmanship of the Minister responsible for energy with composition
and terms of reference acceptable to the Bank.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and separate accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices the operations, resources
and expenditures in respect of Parts A, B.2, D and E of the Project
and the Fund.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section including those
                   for the Special Account for each fiscal year
                   audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                   principles consistently applied, by independent
                   auditors acceptable to the Bank;
           (ii)    furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year, the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records and accounts and the
Page  7
                   audit thereof as the Bank shall from time to
                   time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                   accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                   records and accounts reflecting such
                   expenditures;
           (ii)    retain, until at least one year after the Bank
                   has received the audit report for the fiscal
                   year in which the last withdrawal from the Loan
                   Account or payment out of the Special Account
                   was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                   invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                   evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)    enable the Bank's representatives to examine
                   such records; and
           (iv)    ensure that such records and accounts are
                   included in the annual audit referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                   together with the procedures and internal
                   controls involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
      Section 4.02. The Borrower shall cause its National Water
Commission (NWC) to obtain the guarantee of a commercial bank
acceptable to the Bank guaranteeing the payments of electricity
billings payable by NWC to JPSCo. in an amount equivalent to not
less than 90 percent of the last three months' billing. NWC shall
review with JPSCo. the adequacy of this amount on an annual basis
and adjust it if required to a level necessary to continue to
guarantee the payments of all amounts owed by it to JPSCo. on
account of electricity fully and on time.
                             ARTICLE V
                       Remedies of the Bank
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (l) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   JPSCo. shall have failed to perform any of its
obligations under the Project Agreement;
      (b)   as a result of events which have occurred after the date
of the Loan Agreement, an extraordinary situation shall have arisen
which shall make it improbable that JPSCo. will be able to perform
its obligations under the Project Agreement;
      (c)   the statutes of JPSCo. shall have been amended,
suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially
and adversely the ability of JPSCo. to perform any of its
obligations under the Project Agreement, except as approved by the
Bank;
      (d)   the Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment
of JPSCo. or for the suspension of its operations, except as
approved by the Bank;
      (e)   the financing agreements of the cofinanciers shall have
failed to become effective within six months of the effectiveness
date of this Agreement, or such later date as the Bank may agree;
Page  8
provided, however, that the provisions of this paragraph shall not
apply if the Borrower establishes to the satisfaction of the Bank
that adequate funds for the Project are available to the Borrower
from other sources on terms and conditions consistent with the
obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement;
      (f)   (i)    subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph:
                   (A)   the right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                         proceeds of any loan or grant made to the
                         Borrower for the financing of the Project
                         shall have been suspended, cancelled or
                         terminated in whole or in part, pursuant
                         to the terms thereof, or
                   (B)   any such loan shall have become due and
                         payable prior to the agreed maturity
                         thereof; and
           (ii)    subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not
                   apply if the Borrower establishes to the
                   satisfaction of the Bank that: (A) such
                   suspension, cancellation, termination or
                   prematuring is not caused by the failure of the
                   Borrower to perform any of its obligations under
                   such agreement; and (B) adequate funds for the
                   Project are available to the Borrower from other
                   sources on terms and conditions consistent with
                   the obligations of the Borrower under this
                   Agreement; and
      (g)   any company with which the Borrower or JPSCo. has
entered into any of the agreements set forth in Section 1 of
Schedule 5 has, in the opinion of the Bank, materially breached any
of the provisions of any of such agreements.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any event specified in paragraphs (a) or (g) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period
of sixty days after notice thereof shall have been given by the Bank
to the Borrower;
      (b)   any event specified in paragraphs (c) or (d) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur; and
      (c)   the event specified in paragraph (f) (i) (B) of Section
5.01 shall occur, subject to the proviso of paragraph (f) (ii) of
that Section.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Loan Agreement within the
meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been executed on
behalf of the Borrower and JPSCo.;
      (b)   the Borrower has made arrangements satisfactory to the
Bank with one or more cofinanciers for the cofinancing of the
Project;
      (c)   JPSCo. has received responsive proposals for the
execution of Part B.1 of the Project;
      (d)   the Bank has received an environmental mitigation plan
satisfactory to it pursuant to Section 3.04 of this Agreement;
Page  9
      (e)   the Borrower has entered into the Administrative
Agreement with NIBJ in accordance with the provisions of Section 3
(a) of Schedule 5 to this Agreement; and
      (f)   this Agreement has been laid before Parliament.
      Section 6.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (c) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Bank:
      (a)   that the Project Agreement has been duly authorized or
ratified by JPSCo., and is legally binding upon JPSCo. in accordance
with its terms; and
      (b)   that the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by the Borrower and JPSCo. and is legally
binding upon the Borrower and JPSCo. in accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date January 19, 1993 is hereby specified
for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. Except as provided in Section 2.08 of this
Agreement, the Minister of Finance and Planning of the Borrower is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Finance and Planning
            30 National Heroes Circle
            Kingston 4
            Jamaica
            Fax:                                 Telex:
                 (809)9249291                      2447 FINANCEJA
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
             Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                       Telex:
                    INTBAFRAD                      248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.                 82987 (FTCC)
                                                    64145 (WUI) or
                                                   197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         JAMAICA
                         By /s/ Ransford Smith
Page  10
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                            SCHEDULE 1
              Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the allocation of the
amounts of the Loan to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category             Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(1) Equipment, mate-          40,500,000        35%
    rials, civil
    works and instal-
    lation for Parts A
    and B.2 of the
    Project
(2) Equipment, mate-          18,000,000        100% of foreign
    rials, and civil                            expenditures and
    works for Part B.1                          100% of local
    of the Project                              expenditures for
                                                equipment and
                                                materials (ex-
                                                factory)
(3) Consultants'               1,500,000        100%
    services for
    Parts A, B
    D and E of
    the Project
         TOTAL                60,000,000
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower; and
      (b)   the terms "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for expen-
ditures prior to the date of this Agreement.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
Page  11
      The objectives of the Project are: (i) to provide urgently
required power generation capacity; (ii) to establish the enabling
environment for attracting private sector investments in the power
sector; and (iii) to develop a comprehensive deregulation and
privatization program for the power sector.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Bank may agree upon
from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Diesel Power Plant
      Installation of a complete 60 megawatt low-speed diesel power
facility, including all necessary site facilities and associated
switchyard work, to be built, owned and operated by a privately-
owned company.
Part B:     Combustion Turbine Plant
1.    Installation of one oil-fired gas turbine of 30-35 megawatt
capacity, including all necessary site facilities and implementation
of an environmental mitigation plan, by JPSCo. and subsequent
operation of this unit by a privately-owned company.
2.    Installation of one oil fired gas turbine of 30-35 megawatt
capacity, including all necessary site facilities, linked with the
unit described under paragraph 1 hereof, to be built, owned and
operated by a privately-owned company.
Part C:     Transmission Facilities
      Installation of transmission lines and substation
modifications to provide the additional transmission and
distribution capacity to handle the new plants to be installed under
Parts A and B of the Project.
Part D:     Private Sector Energy Fund
      Establishment and operation by the Borrower of a private
sector energy fund to provide long-term finance for private sector
investments in the power subsector under Parts A and B.2 of the
Project.
Part E:     Privatization
1.    Development and implementation of a privatization strategy and
program for JPSCo. and Petrojam, Ltd.
2.    Development and implementation of a regulatory framework for
the power subsector.
                             *   *   *
      The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1997.
                            SCHEDULE 3
                       Amortization Schedule
                                      Payment of Principal
      Date Payment Due               (expressed in dollars)*
On each June 1 and December 1
      beginning December 1, 1997
      through December 1, 2008             2,500,000
On June 1, 2009                            2,500,000
Page  12
_____________________________
*     The figures in this column represent dollar equivalents
      determined as of the respective dates of withdrawal. See
      General Conditions, Sections 3.04 and 4.03.
Premiums on Prepayment
      Pursuant to Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions, the
premium payable on the principal amount of any maturity of the Loan
to be prepaid shall be the percentage specified for the applicable
time of prepayment below:
      Time of Prepayment                         Premium
                                     The interest rate (expressed
                                     as a percentage per annum)
                                     applicable to the Loan on the
                                     day of prepayment multiplied
                                     by:
Not more than three years                  0.18
      before maturity
More than three years but                  0.35
      not more than six years
      before maturity
More than six years but                    0.65
      not more than 11 years
      before maturity
More than 11 years but not                 0.88
      more than 15 years
      before maturity
More than 15 years before                  1.00
      maturity
                            SCHEDULE 4
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works for Part B.1 of the
            Project
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
      Goods and works for Part B.1 of the Project shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
Page  13
contracts:
      With respect to each contract for goods and works procured in
accordance with the procedures described in Part A, the procedures
set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines
shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made out of
the Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure
that the two conformed copies of the contract required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be
furnished to the Bank prior to the making of the first payment out
of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
2.    The figure of 10% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II. Procurement of Goods and Works for Parts A and B.2
            of the Project
Part A of the Project
1.    Goods and works for Part A of the Project shall be procured by
the company selected to carry out Part A of the Project in
accordance with the selection procedures set forth in Schedule 7 to
this Agreement. Such selection shall be subject to prior review and
approval by the Bank as set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of Section
I of Schedule 7.
2.    Goods and works for Part A of the Project shall be procured by
the company referred to in paragraph 1 of this Section on the basis
of economic and efficient procurement procedures.
3.    The Borrower shall make provision in its legal arrangements
with said company to the effect that the company shall be required
to provide the Bank with such information about the procurement
procedures to be applied and the results of procurement so carried
out as the Bank may reasonably require.
Part B.2 of the Project
1.    Goods and works for Part B.2 of the Project and to be financed
by the Fund shall be procured by the company selected to carry out
Part B.2 of the Project in accordance with the selection procedures
set forth in Schedule 7 to this Agreement on the basis of economic
and efficient procurement procedures, except that the Bank by notice
to the Borrower may require that goods and works for Part B.2 of the
Project be procured on the basis of other procurement arrangements
acceptable to the Bank, if the Bank, in its sole judgment, should
not be satisfied with the procurement experience for goods and works
for Part A of the Project.
2.    The Borrower shall make provision in its legal arrangements
with said company to the effect that the company shall be required
to provide the Bank with such information about the procurement
procedures to be applied and the results of procurements so carried
out as the Bank may reasonably require.
Section III. Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower and JPSCo. in carrying out the
Project, the Borrower and JSPCo. shall employ or cause to be
employed engineering, legal and power sector consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of employment
shall be satisfactory to the Bank. Such consultants shall be
selected in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory
to the Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                          SCHEDULE 5
                Implementation Program for Parts A,
Page  14
                     B.2 and D of the Project
1.    Parts A and B.2 of the Project
      Parts A and B.2 of the Project will be carried out by
privately-owned companies on a build-own-operate basis. Part A of
the Project shall be executed under contractual arrangements set
forth below. Part B.2 of the Project shall be executed under similar
contractual arrangements if acceptable to the Bank in light of
experience under Part A of the Project.
      (a)   Implementation Agreement
      The Borrower and the selected company will enter into an
implementation agreement, on terms and conditions acceptable to the
Bank, that will govern their relationship for a 20 year term. The
agreement will provide, inter alia, that: (i) the company receives
the exclusive right to design, build, own and operate the facility
under Part A or Part B.2 of the Project; (ii) the Borrower will not
impede the company's ability to purchase foreign currency on the
open market, transfer such foreign currency abroad, and maintain
foreign currency bank accounts in Jamaica; (iii) the Borrower will
support applications for specified regulatory approvals; (iv) the
Borrower will support the grant of the necessary work permits and
visas; (v) the Borrower will support the grant of a 7 year income
tax holiday; (vi) the Borrower will guarantee JPSCo.'s payment
obligations under the power purchase agreement referred to in
paragraph (b) below; (vii) the company will commit the majority of
the equity required to finance its part of the Project; (viii) the
principal shareholders in the company will hold their shares for a
determined minimum period of time; and (ix) the company will design,
build, own and operate its part of the Project in accordance with
the purchase power agreement referred to in paragraph (b) below.
      (b)   Power Purchase Agreement
      JPSCo. and the selected company will enter into a power
purchase agreement on terms and conditions acceptable to the Bank.
The agreement will provide, inter alia, that: (i) its term will be
20 years, renewable, and subject to assignment by JPSCo.; (ii) the
plant and assorted facilities will be designed, built and operated
in accordance with the specifications and the schedules set forth in
the Request for Proposals; (iii) the company will receive a fixed
payment for installed and tested capacity, regardless of energy
generation, indexed for inflation, exchange rate fluctuations, and
interest rate variations, and an energy payment for actual kilowatt
per hour generated for fuel burned and variable operation and
maintenance expenses, indexed for inflation and fuel price
variations; (iv) payment by JPSCo. will be secured by a revolving
letter of credit; (v) the company's performance against designated
operating levels will be secured by a letter of credit and a
security deposit for liquidated damages; and (vi) in case of default
by the company, JPSCo. may terminate the agreement and take over the
Subproject.
      (c)   Site Lease Agreement
      JPSCo. and the selected company will enter into a site lease
agreement, on terms and conditions acceptable to the Bank, for the
duration of the power purchase agreement referred to in paragraph
(b) above. The site lease agreement will provide, inter alia, that
rent payments will be fully reflected in the rate payable by JPSCo.
      (d)   Shareholders Agreement
      This agreement will establish, on terms and conditions
acceptable to the Bank, the privately-owned company under the
Jamaica Companies Act for the purpose of constructing, operating and
maintaining the plant. It will set forth the shareholders'
respective capital contributions and provide for the management of
the company.
Page  15
      (e)   Escrow Agreement
      The parties to the above agreements will establish, on terms
and conditions acceptable to the Bank, an escrow account in which
all revenues of the operation of the Subproject will be deposited
and from which they will be distributed in accordance with the
agreements referred to above. Separate accounts will be established
for debt service reserve and operation and maintenance reserve.
      (f)   Supplemental Agreements
      Supplemental agreements, on terms and conditions acceptable to
the Bank, will be executed as necessary to ensure the proper
execution of the Project. They may include: (i) a fuel purchase
agreement with Petrojam, Ltd.; (ii) a turnkey construction contract
for constructing and commissioning the plant, and (iii) an operation
and maintenance contract if the private company is not capable of
operating and maintaining the plant itself.
2.    Part D of the Project
      (a)   Part D of the Project will be carried out by NIBJ under
the responsibility and overall guidance of the Borrower's Steering
Committee. For this purpose, the Borrower will enter into an
administration agreement with NIBJ on terms and conditions
acceptable to the Bank, which will include, inter alia, the
following: (i) NIBJ will establish a private power unit staffed by
a core of three professionals with, respectively, managerial,
financial and technical skills, supported by consultants as
necessary; (ii) NIBJ will receive compensation for the cost of
administering the Fund plus a reasonable management fee; (iii) NIBJ
will charge the companies carrying out the Subprojects a loan
application fee of $2,000, a loan documentation fee of $20,000, a
commitment fee, and a subproject monitoring fee of 0.25% per annum
for the first five years, with a maximum of $150,000, and thereafter
0.125% per annum with a maximum of $75,000, all fees to be subject
to escalation at a defined indexation rate; and (iv) all Fund loans
will be approved by the Steering Committee on the basis of an
assessment and recommendation by the Private Power Unit. In
preparing this recommendation, the Private Power Unit will obtainthe assessment of 
JPSCo. or its successor on the technical and
environmental acceptability of the Subproject. The financial
assessment of the Subproject and the proposed Fund loan will be made
by the Private Power Unit.
      (b)   The Fund will be constituted by the proceeds of the Loan
allocated to Parts A and B.2 of the Project and the proceeds of the
loans of cofinanciers to assist the Borrower in carrying out Parts
A, B.2, and C of the Project. Fund loans may only be made for
Subprojects and will be made on the following terms and conditions:
(i) Fund loans will be dollar denominated and will be repayable in
Jamaican dollars at a variable interest rate determined annually,
said rate to include a guarantee fee and an appropriate risk
premium, it being understood that the onlending rate for the first
year of operation of the Fund will be 11 percent and that
adjustments of the rate in subsequent years will be in proportion to
the change in yield of long-term US Treasury Bonds over the relevant
period; (ii) repayment of the Fund loans will be over a period
reflecting the economic life of the Sub-projects but in any event no
longer than 17 years and a maximum grace period of 5 years; (iii)
Fund loans cannot exceed 70 percent of the total financing
(including equity) required; (iv) Fund loans of 70 percent of total
financing require an equity contribution of 30 percent; (v) equity
contributions of not less than 25 percent or 20 percent, repec-
tively, are allowed provided loans from sources other than the Fund
amount to, respectively, 20 to 39 percent or 40 percent or more of
total financing required; and (vi) Fund loans will be subordinated
to commercial loans for the Subproject.
                            SCHEDULE 6
Page  16
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
through (3) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to US$4 million to be withdrawn from the Loan Account and
deposited in the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to it that
the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Bank a request or requests for a
deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the
Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests, the
Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan
Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or amounts as
the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Bank requests for
                   deposits into the Special Account at such
                   intervals as the Bank shall specify.
           (ii)    Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank the
                   documents and other evidence required pursuant
                   to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment
                   or payments in respect of which replenishment is
                   requested. On the basis of each such request,
                   the Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                   withdraw from the Loan Account and deposit into
                   the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                   shall have requested and as shall have been
                   shown by said documents and other evidence to
                   have been paid out of the Special Account for
                   eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the Loan
Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Bank shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Bank such documents and other
evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Bank shall not be required to make further deposits
into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Bank shall have determined that all
further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly from the
Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Article V of the
General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this
Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated
to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any outstanding
Page  17
special commitment entered into by the Bank pursuant to Section 5.02
of the General Conditions with respect to the Project, shall equal
the equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Loan Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated to the eligible Categories
shall follow such procedures as the Bank shall specify by notice to
the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and
to the extent that the Bank shall have been satisfied that all such
amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date
of such notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an expenditure
or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of this
Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to the
Bank, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank: (A)
provide such additional evidence as the Bank may request; or (B)
deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Bank shall so request,
refund to the Bank) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or
the portion thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless the Bank
shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Bank into the
Special Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such
evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be required to
cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the Borrower
shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank, refund to the Bank such
outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Bank, refund to the
Bank all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the Special
Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Bank made pursuant to paragraphs 6 (a),
(b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Loan Account
for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance with the
relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the General
Conditions.
                            SCHEDULE 7
                       Selection Procedures
Section 1.  Part A of the Project
1.    Privately-owned companies interested in carrying out Part A of
the Project will be prequalified in accordance with the following
procedures. An announcement will be placed in the international and
Jamaican press and distributed to embassies of all Bank member
countries. Interested companies will be provided with a pre-quali-
fication document setting forth the information required and the
evaluation criteria, to wit: (i) ability to raise equity and to
implement Part A of the Project; (ii) financial condition, including
ability to borrow and experience in raising equity, technical
qualifications, including key personnel and experience with similar
technology; and (iii) project development experience, including
development of projects of a similar nature and experience with
private sector projects in developing countries. Prequalification
statements will be evaluated using a point system on the criteria
set out in the prequalification document and ranked in order to
arrive at a short list.
2.    Prequalified companies will receive a request for proposals
("RFP"). The RFP consists of: (i) invitation to submit a proposal;
(ii) information and instructions (including a mandatory schedule);
(iii) mandatory performance requirements and drawings; and (iv)
draft contractual documents (summarized in Section 1 of Schedule 5
to this Agreement). A pre-bid meeting will be held. Proposals will
Page  18
be evaluated and ranked based on the tariff offered. A minimum level
of equity financing is required depending on the amount of financing
required from the Fund. The responsive proposal offering the lowest
tariff will be selected. Second and third ranked offerors would be
requested to keep their proposals open for a limited time in case
all necessary contractual agreements cannot be concluded with the
top ranked offeror.
3.    The Borrower shall, before the prequalification document and
the request for proposals referred to in paragraph 1 of this Section
are issued, furnish to the Bank the text of these documents for its
comments, together with a description of the advertising procedures
to be used for the prequalification, and shall make such modifi-
cations in the said documents or procedures as the Bank shall
reasonably request. Any further modification of these documents
shall require the Bank's concurrence before it is issued to the
prospective offerors. After proposals have been received and
evaluated, the Borrower shall, before a final decision on the award
is made, inform the Bank of the name of the company it intends to
select for the execution of Part A of the Project, and shall furnish
to the Bank, in sufficient time for its review, a detailed report on
the evaluation and comparison of proposals received, together with
the recommendations for award and such other information as the Bank
shall reasonably request. The Bank shall, if it determines that the
intended award would be inconsistent with any of the provisions of
the Loan Agreement, promptly inform the Borrower and state the
reasons for such determination. The terms and conditions of the Fund
loan and of the contractual documents therefor as set out in
paragraph 1 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement shall not, without the
Bank's concurrence, materially differ from those on which proposals
were requested. Two conformed copies of the Fund loan, including the
contractual documents therefor as referred to above, shall be
furnished to the Bank promptly after their execution and prior to
delivery to the Bank of the first application for withdrawal of
funds from the Loan Account in respect of such Fund loan.
4.    Before agreeing to any material modification or waiver of the
terms and conditions of a Fund loan, or of any of the contractual
documents therefor as referred to above, the Borrower shall inform
the Bank of the proposed modification or waiver and the reasons
therefor. The Bank, if it determines that the proposal would be
inconsistent with the provisions of the Loan Agreement, shall
promptly inform the Borrower and state the reasons for its
determination.
Section 2.  Part B.2 of the Project
      Prequalification and selection of privately-owned companies to
carry out Part B.2 of the Project shall be made in the same manner
as set forth in Section 1 above, except that the Bank by notice to
the Borrower may require that a different procedure acceptable to
the Bank shall be applied, if the Bank, in its sole judgment, should
not be satisfied with the experience with the prequalification or
selection procedures applied under Section 1 above.
