Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                   CREDIT NUMBER 2617 MLI
                             Project Agreement
                        (Transport Sector Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                    and
                      REGIE DU CHEMIN DE FER DU MALI
                            Dated July 8, 1994
                                                   CREDIT NUMBER 2617 MLI
                             PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 8, 1994, between INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association) and REGIE DU CHEMIN DE FER DU MALI (RCFM).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date herewith
between Republic of Mali (the Borrower) and the Association, the Association
has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies
equivalent to forty-six million one hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 46,100,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Development
Credit Agreement, but only on condition that RCFM agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Association as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into between the
Borrower and RCFM, a portion of the proceeds of the credit provided for
under the Development Credit Agreement will be relent to RCFM on the terms
and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS RCFM, in consideration of the Association's entering into the
Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                                 ARTICLE I
                                Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the Development Credit Agreement and in the General Conditions
(as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth and the
following terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "FY" means the fiscal year of RCFM which is the calendar year;
and
      (b)   "PCG" means the Plan Comptable General, adopted by
Law No. 92/002 of August, 27, 1992.
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) RCFM declares its commitment to the objectives of
the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit Agreement,
and, to this end, shall carry out Part B of the Project with due diligence
and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate administrative, financial,
commercial, and engineering practices, and shall provide, or cause to be
provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for Part B of the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a) of this
Section and except as the Association and RCFM shall otherwise agree, RCFM
shall carry out Part B of the Project in accordance with the Implementation
Program set forth in Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required for Part
B of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall
be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit
Agreement.
      Section 2.03. RCFM shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions
(relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules,
records and reports, maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in
respect of the Project Agreement and Part B of the Project.
      Section 2.04. RCFM shall duly perform all its obligations under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
RCFM shall not take or concur in any action which would have the effect of
amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or
any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) RCFM shall, at the request of the Association,
exchange views with the Association with regard to the progress of Part B
of the Project, the performance of its obligations under this Agreement and
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters relating to the
purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   RCFM shall promptly inform the Association of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of Part B of
the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit, or the
performance by RCFM of its obligations under this Agreement and under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                                ARTICLE III
                     Management and Operations of RCFM
      Section 3.01. RCFM shall carry on its operations and conduct its
affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial, commercial, and
engineering practices under the supervision of qualified and experienced
management assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. RCFM shall at all times operate and maintain its plant,
Page  3
machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to time, promptly as
needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals thereof, all in accordance
with sound engineering and financial practices.
      Section 3.03. RCFM shall:
      (a)   not later than six months after the Effective Date, transfer its
hotel and restaurant activities to private sector operators; and
      (b)   not later than two months after the Effective Date, start
implementation of a staff reduction program, satisfactory to the
Association, aiming at downsizing its staff which shall not exceed 1,700
staff members by the end of 1995, and 1,500 staff members by the end of
1998.
      Section 3.04. (a) RCFM shall implement to the satisfaction of the
Association: (i) the action plan for the integration of international
freight services of RCFM and SNCS referred to in paragraph 3 (b)(i) of
Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement; (ii) its business plan
referred to in paragraph 3 (b)(iv) of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit
Agreement, which shall include, inter alia, financial performance indicators
acceptable to the Association; and (iii) the contrat-plan referred to in
paragraph 3 (b)(vi) of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement.
      (b)   Before September 30 in each of its fiscal years, RCFM shall, on
the basis of forecasts prepared by RCFM and satisfactory to the Association,
review whether it would meet the requirements set forth in its business plan
and in the contrat-plan in respect of such year and the next following
fiscal year and shall furnish to the Association the results of such review
upon its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that RCFM would not meet the
requirements in its business plan in the contrat-plan for RCFM's fiscal
years covered by such review, RCFM shall promptly take all necessary
measures (including, without limitation, adjustments of the structure or
levels of its rates and/or reduction of costs) in order to meet such
requirements.
      Section 3.05. RCFM shall:
      (a)   take part in the midterm review referred to in Section 3.07 of
the Development Credit Agreement;
      (b)   not later than six weeks prior to such review, furnish to the
Association, for its review and comments, a report in such details as the
Association shall reasonably request, including: (i) an evaluation on the
basis, inter alia, of the evolution of key performance indicators referred
to in of RCFM's performance in carrying out its business plan referred to
in paragraph 3 (b) (i) of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement,
paragraph 2 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; (ii) a review of the
implementation of the contrat-plan between the Borrower and RCFM, referred
to in paragraph 3 (b)(vi) of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement;
and
      (c)   based on such review, RCFM shall promptly prepare an action
plan, acceptable to the Association, for further implementation of the
Project and shall thereafter implement such action plan in a manner
satisfactory to the Association.
      Section 3.06. RCFM shall take out and maintain with respon- sible
insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the Association for,
insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be consistent with
appropriate practice.
                                ARTICLE IV
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) RCFM shall maintain records and accounts adequate
to reflect in accordance with sound commercial accounting practices its
operations and financial condition.
Page  4
      (b)   RCFM shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial statements
                  (balance sheets, statements of income and expenses and
                  related statements) for each fiscal year audited, in
                  accordance with appropriate auditing principles
                  consistently applied, by independent auditors acceptable
                  to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end of each
                  such year: (A) certified copies of its financial
                  statements for such year as so audited, and (B) the
                  report of such audit by said auditors, of such scope and
                  in such detail as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably request.
      Section 4.02. (a) except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
RCFM shall maintain a ratio of staff costs to value added not higher than
0.53 for FY 1994, 0.43 for FY 1995, 0.38 for FY 1996, and 0.34 for FY 1997.
      (b)   Before September 30 in each of its fiscal years, RCFM shall, on
the basis of forecasts prepared by RCFM and satisfactory to the Association,
review whether it would meet the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) in
respect of such year and the next following fiscal year and shall furnish
to the Association the results of such review upon its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that RCFM would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for RCFM's fiscal years covered by
such review, RCFM shall promptly take all necessary measures (including,
without limitation, adjustments of the structure or levels of its rates
and/or reduction of costs) in order to meet such requirements.
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   the term "staff costs" means all expenses related to
                  labor; and
           (ii)   the term "value added" means the difference between:
                  (A)   total revenues from all sources related to
                        operations (including compensation for obligations
                        undertaken for public purposes);
                  (B)   total operating expenses (Consommations
                        intermediaires) as defined in PCG;
      Section 4.03. (a) except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
RCFM shall maintain a ratio of total working expenses to total operation
revenues (coefficient brut d'exploitation) not higher than 0.87 for FY 1994,
0.84 for FY 1995, 0.83 for FY 1996, and 0.80 for FY 1997.
      (b)   Before September 30 in each of its fiscal years, RCFM shall, on
the basis of forecasts prepared by RCFM and satisfactory to the Association,
review whether it would meet the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) in
respect of such year and the next following fiscal year and shall furnish
to the Association the results of such review upon its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that RCFM would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for RCFM's fiscal years covered by
such review, RCFM shall promptly take all necessary measures (including,
without limitation, adjustments of the structure or levels of its rates
and/or reduction of costs) in order to meet such requirements.
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   the term "total working expenses" means all expenses
                  except those contributing to creation of fixed assets,
Page  5
                  related to labor, fuel, and other materials and services
                  by third party as well as taxes (other than taxes on
                  profits), payment in lieu of taxes, but excluding
                  interest and other charges on debt; and
           (ii)   the term "total operating revenues" means revenues from
                  all sources related to operations including compensation
                  to RCFM for public utility services.
      Section 4.04. (a) except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
RCFM shall maintain a gross cash flow (excedent brut d'exploitation) in CFA
francs, not less than 1,600 million for FY 1994, 2,400 million for FY 1995,
3,000 million for FY 1996, and 3,500 million for FY 1997.
      (b)   Before September 30 in each of its fiscal years, RCFM shall, on
the basis of forecasts prepared by RCFM and satisfactory to the Association,
review whether it would meet the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) in
respect of such year and the next following fiscal year and shall furnish
to the Association the results of such review upon its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that RCFM would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for RCFM's fiscal years covered by
such review, RCFM shall promptly take all necessary measures (including,
without limitation, adjustments of the structure or levels of its rates
and/or reduction of costs) in order to meet such requirements.
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section, the term "gross cash flow"
means the difference between:
                  (A)   the sum of all revenues from all sources related to
                        operations, including compensation to RCFM for
                        public utility services; and
                  (B)   the term "total working expenses" means all
                        expenses except those contributing to creation of
                        fixed assets, related to labor, fuel, and other
                        materials and services by third party as well as
                        taxes (other then taxes on profits), payment in
                        lieu of taxes, but excluding interest and other
                        charges on debt.
                              ARTICLE V
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect on the
date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of RCFM thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of the
following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit Agreement shall
                  terminate in accordance with its terms; or
           (ii)   the date twenty years after the date of this Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in accordance
with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a) (ii) of this
Section, the Association shall promptly notify RCFM of this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall continue in
full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation or suspension under
the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE VI
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to be given
or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the parties
Page  6
contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it shall be delivered
by hand or by mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to
which it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such party shall
have designated by notice to the party giving such notice or making such
request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      For RCFM:
            Rue Baba Diarra
            B.P. 260
            Bamako
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  Fer Mali                   586
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken, and any
document required or permitted to be executed, under this Agreement on
behalf of RCFM, or by RCFM on behalf of the Borrower under the Development
Credit Agreement, may be taken or executed by RCFM's President Directeur
General or such other person or persons as RCFM's President Directeur
General shall designate in writing, and RCFM shall furnish to the
Association sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated
specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts,
each of which shall be an original, and all collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly
authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in the District of Columbia, United States of America, as
of the day and year first above written.
                        INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        By /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                        Regional Vice President
                        Africa
                        REGIE DU CHEMIN DE FER DU MALI
                        By /s/ Siragatou Ibrahim Cisse
                        Authorized Representative
Page  7
                                SCHEDULE 1
                          Implementation Program
1.    Implementation. RCFM will appoint a Project Manager under its
President Directeur General, to supervise the implementation of Part B of
the Project.
2.    Key Performance Indicators.  During the implementation of its business
plan and the contrat plan between RCFM and the Borrower, RCFM will monitor,
inter alia, the following performance indicators on a monthly (M), quarterly
(Q) or yearly (Y) basis:
      (a)   operating income (Excedent Brut d'Exploitation) (Q, Y);
      (b)   ratio total staff costs/value added (Q, Y);
      (c)   locomotive availability and utilization (M, Y);
      (d)   wagon availability and utilization (M, Y);
      (e)   passengers coach availability and utilization (M, Y);
      (f)   average gross trailing load of freight trains (M, Y);
      (g)   average number of seats of passenger trains (M, Y);
      (h)   number of line derailments (Q, Y);
      (i)   freight revenue per ton/km (M, Y);
      (j)   passenger revenue per seat km (M, Y);
      (k)   number of traffic units per staff (Q, Y); and
      (l)   staff number (M, Y).
