Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2526 ET
                   Development Credit Agreement
                  (Structural Adjustment Credit)
                              between
                             ETHIOPIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        Dated June 30, 1993
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2526 ET
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 30, 1993, between ETHIOPIA (the
Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Associa-
tion).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Association has received a letter dated
May 7, 1993, from the Borrower describing a program of actions,
objectives and policies designed to achieve structural adjustment of
the Borrower's economy (hereinafter called the Program), declaring
the Borrower's commitment to the execution of the Program, and
requesting assistance from the Association in the financing of
urgently needed imports required during such execution;
      (B)   the Borrower intends to obtain from the Government of
the Swiss Confederation (Switzerland) a non-reimbursable contribu-
tion in an amount of ten million Swiss Francs (SwF 10,000,000) (the
Swiss Contribution) to assist in the financing of the Program on the
terms and conditions set forth in an agreement (the Swiss Contribu-
tion Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower and
Switzerland;
      (C)   Switzerland intends to appoint the Association to
Page  2
administer the Swiss Contribution in accordance with the provisions
of the Procedural Arrangements, dated May 9, 1990, between Switzer-
land and the Association (the Procedural Arrangements);
      (D)   the Borrower intends to obtain from the Government of
Sweden (Sweden) a grant (the Swedish Grant) equivalent to fifty
million Swedish Krona (SEK 50,000,000) to assist in financing the
Program on the terms and conditions set forth in an agreement (the
Swedish Grant Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower and
Sweden;
      (E)   Sweden intends to appoint the Association to administer
the Swedish Grant in accordance with an Administration Agreement to
be entered into between the Association and Sweden;
      (F)   the Borrower intends to obtain from the Government of
the Netherlands (Netherlands) a grant (the Dutch Grant) equivalent
to Netherlands Guilder twenty million (f. 20,000,000) terms and
conditions set forth in an agreement (the Dutch Grant Agreement) to
be entered into between the Borrower and the Netherlands;
      (G)   the Netherlands intends to appoint the Association to
administer the Dutch Grant Agreement in accordance with an Adminis-
tration Agreement to be entered into between the Association and the
Netherlands; and
      (F)   on the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing, the
Association has decided in support of the Program to provide such
assistance to the Borrower by making the Credit in two tranches as
hereinafter provided;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the modifications thereof set forth below (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)   Section 2.01, paragraph 9, shall be modified to read:
            "'Project' means the imports and other activities that
      may be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit pursuant to
      the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit
      Agreement.";
      (b)   Section 9.06 (c) shall be modified to read:
            "(c)  Not later than six months after the Closing Date
      or such later date as may be agreed for this purpose between
      the Borrower and the Association, the Borrower shall prepare
      and furnish to the Association a report, of such scope and in
      such detail as the Association shall reasonably request, on
      the execution of the Program referred to in the Preamble to
      the Development Credit Agreement, the performance by the
      Borrower and the Association of their  respective obligations
      under the Development Credit Agreement and the accomplishment
      of the purposes of the Credit."; and
      (c)   the last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Negative List" means the negative list for imports
issued by the National Bank of Ethiopia;
Page  3
      (b)   "SITC" means the Standard International Trade Classifi-
cation, Revision 3 (SITC, Rev. 3), published by the United Nations
in Statistical Papers, Series M, No. 343 (1986); and
      (c)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in this
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to one hundred seventy six million five hundred thousand
Special Drawing Rights (SDR 176,500,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Program,
open and maintain in United States Dollars a special deposit account
in National Bank of Ethiopia on terms and conditions satisfactory to
the Association. Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special
Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule
4 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1994, or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restric-
tions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower;
and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for the
purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other
eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment and service charges shall be payable
semiannually on June 15 and December 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each June 15 and December 15
commencing December 15, 2003, and ending June 15, 2033. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on June 15,
2013, shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
Page  4
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due consider-
ation by them of the development of the Borrower's economy, modify
the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the Credit
shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                       Particular Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower and the Association shall from
time to time, at the request of either party, exchange views on the
progress achieved in carrying out the Program and the actions
specified in Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      (b)   Prior to each such exchange of views, the Borrower shall
furnish to the Association for its review and comment a report on
the progress achieved in carrying out the Program, in such detail as
the Association shall reasonably request.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 2 to this
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with consistently maintained sound accounting practices the
expenditures financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section including those
                   for the Special Account for each fiscal year
                   audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                   principles consistently applied, by independent
                   auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)    furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                   but in any case not later than six months after
                   the end of each such year, a certified copy of
                   the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                   such scope and in such detail as the Association
                   shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Association such other informa-
Page  5
                   tion concerning said records and accounts and
                   the audit thereof as the Association shall from
                   time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in accor-
                   dance with paragraph (a) of this Section, re-
                   cords and accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)    retain, until at least one year after the Asso-
                   ciation has received the audit report for the
                   fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from
                   the Credit Account was made, all records (con-
                   tracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts and
                   other documents) evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)    enable the Association's representatives to
                   examine such records; and
           (iv)    ensure that such records and accounts are in-
                   cluded in the annual audits referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                   together with the procedures and internal con-
                   trols involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                            ARTICLE IV
                  Additional Event of Suspension
      Section 4.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely,
that a situation has arisen which shall make it improbable that the
Program, or a significant part thereof, will be carried out.
                             ARTICLE V
                            Termination
      Section 5.01. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 6.01. The Minister of Finance of the Borrower is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Minister of Finance
            Ministry of Finance
            P.O. Box 1905
            Addis Ababa
            Ethiopia
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   MINFIN                    21147
Page  6
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                    248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.            82987 (FTCC)
                                               64145 (WUI) or
                                              197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         ETHIOPIA
                         By /s/ Berhane Gebre-Christos
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                         By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    Subject to the provisions set forth or referred to in this
Schedule, the proceeds of the Credit may be withdrawn from the
Credit Account for expenditures made (or, if the Association shall
so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
required during the execution of the Program and to be financed out
of such proceeds.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   expenditures for goods included in the following SITC
groups or subgroups, or any successor groups or subgroups under
future revisions to the SITC, as designated by the Association by
notice to the Borrower:
   Group           Subgroup       Description of Items
   112                --          Alcoholic beverages
   121                --          Tobacco, unmanufactured, tobacco
                                  refuse
   122                --          Tobacco, manufactured (whether
                                  or not containing tobacco
                                  substitutes)
Page  7
   525                --          Radioactive and associated
                                  materials
   667                --          Pearls, precious and semi-
                                  precious stones, unworked or
                                  worked
   718             718.1          Nuclear reactors, and parts
                                  thereof, fuel elements
                                  (cartridges), nonirradiated for
                                  nuclear reactors
   Group           Subgroup       Description of Items
   728             728.43         Tobacco processing machinery
   897             897.3          Jewelry of gold, silver or
                                  platinum group metals (except
                                  watches and watch cases) and
                                  goldsmiths' or silversmiths'
                                  wares (including set gems)
   971                --          Gold, nonmonetary (excluding
                                  gold ores and concentrates)
      (b)   expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for
goods supplied from the territory of the Borrower, excluding, if the
currency of the Borrower is also that of another country, expendi-
tures in such currency for goods supplied from the territory of such
other country;
      (c)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement, except that withdrawals in an aggregate amount not
exceeding the equivalent of SDR 35,300,000 may be made on account of
payments made for such expenditures before that date but after
April 30, 1993;
      (d)   expenditures for goods procured under contracts costing
less than $5000 equivalent;
      (e)   expenditures for goods supplied under a contract which
any national or international financing institution or agency other
than the Association shall have financed or agreed to finance;
      (f)   expenditures for goods intended for a military or
paramilitary purpose or for luxury consumption; and
      (g)   expenditures in excess of an aggregate amount equivalent
to US$25,000,000 for petroleum products and foodstuffs.
3.    Withdrawals for expenditures under contracts for the procure-
ment of goods estimated to cost less than US$500,000 may be required
by the Association upon the basis of statements of expenditure under
such terms and conditions as the Association shall specify.
4.    No withdrawal shall be made and no commitment shall be entered
into to pay amounts to or on the order of the Borrower in respect of
expenditures to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit after
the aggregate of the proceeds of the Credit withdrawn from the
Credit Account and the total amount of such commitments shall have
reached the equivalent of SDR 106,000,000, unless the Association
shall be satisfied, after an exchange of views as described in
Section 3.01 of this Agreement based on evidence satisfactory to the
Association: (a) with the progress achieved by the Borrower in the
carrying out of the Program; (b) that the macro-economic framework
of the Borrower is consistent with the objectives of the Program;
and (c) that the actions described in Schedule 3 to this Agreement
have been taken.
5.    If, after the exchange of views described in paragraph 4
above, the Association shall have given notice to the Borrower that
the progress achieved and actions taken are not satisfactory and,
Page  8
within 90 days after such notice, the Borrower shall not have
achieved progress and taken actions satisfactory to the Association,
then the Association may, by notice to the Borrower, cancel the
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit or any part thereof.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                            Procurement
1.    Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of $1,000,000 or more each shall be awarded through
international competitive bidding in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines), subject to the
following:
      (a)   Paragraph 2.8 of the Guidelines is deleted and the
following is substituted therefor:
      "2.8 Notification and Advertising
            The international community should be notified in a
      timely manner of the opportunity to bid. This will be done by
      advertising invitations to apply for inclusion in a bidder's
      invitation list, to apply for prequalification, or to bid;
      such advertisements should be placed in at least one newspaper
      of general circulation in the Borrower's country and, in
      addition, in at least one of the following forms:
            (i)    a notice in the United Nations publication,
                   Development Forum, Business Edition; or
           (ii)    an advertisement in a newspaper, periodical or
                   technical journal of wide international circula-
                   tion; or
          (iii)    a notice to local representatives of countries
                   and territories referred to in the Guidelines,
                   that are potential suppliers of the goods re-
                   quired."
      (b)   The following is added at the end of paragraph 2.21 of
the Guidelines:
            "As a further alternative, bidding documents may require
      the bidder to state the bid price in a single currency widely
      used in international trade and specified in the bidding
      documents."
      (c)   Paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines are deleted.
      (d)   For fixed-price contracts, the invitation to bid
referred to in paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines shall provide that,
when contract award is delayed beyond the original bid validity
period, the successful bidder's bid price will be increased for each
week of delay by two predisclosed correction factors acceptable to
the Association, one to be applied to all foreign currency compo-
nents and the other to local currency component of the bid price.
Such an increase shall not be taken into account in the bid
evaluation.
      (e)   In the procurement of goods in accordance with paragraph
1 of this Schedule the relevant standard bidding documents issued by
the Association, with such modifications thereto as the Association
shall have agreed to be necessary shall be used. Where no relevant
standard bidding documents have been issued by the Association,
bidding documents based on other internationally recognized standard
forms agreed with the Association shall be used.
2.    All goods to be imported for the execution of the Program
shall be subject to pre-shipment inspection for price, quantity and
Page  9
quality verification by a suitably qualified and experienced pre-
inspection firm;  provided, however, that goods to be procured under
paragraph 1 of this Schedule shall be exempted from pre-shipment
price inspection by a third party.
3.    Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of less than $1,000,000 shall be awarded:
      (a)   by purchasers required to follow the Borrower's public
procurement procedures for the importation of goods, on the basis of
such procedures, provided that such procedures shall have been found
acceptable by the Association; and
      (b)   by other purchasers, in accordance with established
commercial practice acceptable to the Association, except that
direct contracting procedures acceptable to the Association may be
used where considered appropriate under paragraph 3.5 of the
Guidelines.
4.    Subject to the prior approval of the Association, commonly
traded commodities may be procured through organized international
commodity markets or other channels of competitive procurement
acceptable to the Association, in accordance with procedures
acceptable to the Association.
5.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraph 1 of
this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association, prior
to the submission to the Association of the first application for
withdrawal of funds from the Credit Account in respect of such
contract, two conformed copies of such contract, together with the
analysis of the respective bids and recommendations for award, a
description of the advertising and tendering procedures followed and
such other information as the Association shall reasonably request.
Where payments under a contract are to be made out of the proceeds
of the Special Account, such copies together with the other
information required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to
this paragraph shall be furnished to the Association as part of the
evidence required under paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
6.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraphs 3 and
4 of this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association,
prior to the submission to the Association of the first application
for withdrawal of funds from the Credit Account in respect thereof,
such documentation and information as the Association may reasonably
request to support withdrawal applications in respect of such
contract. Where payments under a contract are to be made out of the
proceeds of the Special Account, the documentation and the informa-
tion to be furnished to the Association pursuant to the provisions
of this paragraph shall be furnished to the Association as part of
the evidence required under paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement.
7.    The provisions of the preceding paragraph 6 of this Schedule
shall not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from
the Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
                            SCHEDULE 3
              Actions Referred to in Paragraph 4 (e)
                  of Schedule 1 to this Agreement
      In accordance with the Program:
1.    The Borrower has: (a) adjusted rates of corporate and non-
corporate profit taxes to have the same marginal rate of not more
than the personal income tax rate, and broadened their basis by
including at least capital gains; and (b) increased the coverage of
sales taxes to additional services, including all consultancy
services, advertizing, and entertainment.
2.    The Borrower has improved the efficiency of its public
Page  10
expenditures by, inter alia: (a) implementing in its 1994/95 budget
the recommendations of the on-going public expenditure review, as
agreed upon between the Borrower and the Association; and (b) intro-
ducing a three-year rolling public investment program in its
budgetary process.
3.    The Borrower has offered for sale through a public announce-
ment all state-owned retail shops and at least 29 hotels and
restaurants.
4.    The Borrower has removed at least the following items from its
Negative List for imports: Items number 245 (fuel wood, wood
charcoal), 246 (wood in the rough), 247 (other wood in the rough),
248 (wood shaped, or simply worked), 634 (veneers, plywood boards),
635 (wood manufacturers, n.e.s), 663 (mineral manufactures n.e.s.),
693 (wire products and fencing grills), 699 (manufactures of metal),
and 893 (articles of plastics).
5.    The Borrower has completed a study for a phased liberalization
of the coffee sector, and agreed with the Association on an action
plan to implement its recommendations.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods required during the
execution of the Program and to be financed out of the proceeds of
the Credit in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement; and
      (b)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to US$30,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account
and deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a)
of this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Association re-
                   quests for deposits into the Special Account at
                   such intervals as the Association shall specify.
           (ii)    Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   the documents and other evidence required pursu-
                   ant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the
                   payment or payments in respect of which replen-
                   ishment is requested. On the basis of each such
                   request, the Association shall, on behalf of the
                   Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account and
                   deposit into the Special Account such amount as
                   the Borrower shall have requested and as shall
                   have been shown by said documents and other
Page  11
                   evidence to have been paid out of the Special
                   Account for eligible expenditures.
      All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from
the Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in
the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by
said documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit, less
the amount of any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with
respect to the Program, shall equal the equivalent of twice the
amount of the Authorized Allocation.
      Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit follow such procedures as
the Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such
further withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent that
the Association shall have been satisfied that all such amounts
remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date of such
notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible expendi-
tures.
6.   (a)If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request, or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraph 6
(a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
Page  12
