Report No. PID10213
Project Name                     Madagascar-Multisectoral STI/HIV/AIDS ... @
Prevention Project
Region                           Africa Regional Office
Sector                           HA - HIV/AIDS
Project ID                       MGPE72987
Borrower(s)                      Government Of Madagascar
Implementing Agency
Address MSPP UNITe DE GESTION (UGP)
Address: B.P. 248, Antananarivo, Madagascar
Contact Person: Mr. Alain Randriamaherisoa
Tel: 261 20 22 65449
Email: ugp@dts.mg
Environment Category             B
Date PID Prepared                November 14, 2001
Projected Appraisal Date         November 14, 2001
Projected Board Date             December 20, 2001
1. Country and Sector Background
2.1 Main sector issues:Although the prevalence rate of HIV/AIDS infection
in Madagascar is currently estimated to be less than one percent, a low
prevalence situation can easily explode if no proactive steps are taken.
The risk of a rapid increase in Madagascar is very real given the
alarmingly high rates of STIs, one of the most important risk
factors.2.1.1. Current dimensions of the HIV/AIDS epidemic in
MadagascarHIV was first diagnosed in Madagascar in 1984. In 1998, out of
13.9 million people, 37 AIDS cases and 233 HIV positive cases were
reported to the World Health Organization (WHO) in that year.
Epidemiological studies confirm that 96 percent of HIV infections were
acquired through sexual transmission. The Ministry of Health has reported
that HIV has more than doubled in three years, from 0.07 percent in 1996
to 0.15 percent in 1999. UNAIDS information, using sentinel surveillance
data, show that HIV infection among antenatal clinic patients is
increasing very rapidly. For example, in Tamatave, 0.2 percent tested
positive in 1995, and 1 percent in 1996, a fivefold increase in one year.
In the tourist areas of Antsiranana and Maroansetra, almost 1 percent of
pregnant women attending antenatal clinics tested positive. HIV prevalence
among CSWs in Antananarivo increased from 0.3 percent in 1995 to 1 percent
in 1998, and two percent of the STI clinic patients in the capital tested
HIV positive in 1998. Despite these periodic studies, however, the
sentinel surveillance system has not been fully operational since 1996,
creating doubts about the real prevalence of HIV/AIDS infection,
particularly since different sources report conflicting results. Although
a rapid increase in HIV/AIDS prevalence is associated with an increase in
tuberculosis (TB), the National Tuberculosis Program in Madagascar has not
noticed an abnormal increase in the number of new TB cases, but is
monitoring the situation. Thus, with the exception of a few surveys in



urban areas, available data on HIV prevalence is unreliable, preventing
any real conclusions about the status of the HIV epidemic. A comprehensive
MOH-led epidemiological study is being launched and partly financed under
the MSPP's PHRD grant. 2.1.2. Risk and Vulnerability FactorsExtremely High
STI ratesThe country's STI rates - the most important risk factor along
with unprotected sex - are extremely high. Studies indicate that in some
areas, over 45 percent of the population have an active STI at any given
time. Syphilis and gonorrhea rates, in particular, are among the highest
in the world. In 1998, active syphilis in pregnant women was as high as
14.8 percent and over 35 percent among sex workers in some regions. In a
May 2000 study of around 1000 sex workers in Antananarivo and Tamatave, 82
percent had at least one STI. Prevention of STIs through condom use is
critical in the fight against HIV/AIDS because ulcerative STIs, such as
herpes genitalis and syphilis, increase the risk of HIV transmission by 50
to 300 times (male to female). High risk sexual behavior and
misconceptions Women begin child bearing at a very early age. By the age
of 18, half of all women have one child or are pregnant with their first.
Lack of knowledge of effective prevention methods constitutes a major
determinant. Almost two in every five young girls who knew about HIV/AIDS
and were sexually active, did not know what a condom was and only 7
percent among them had ever used a condom (DHS 1997). Population Services
International (PSI) ranked Madagascar last in the overall percentage of
women who know about HIV/AIDS. Misconceptions regarding STI/HIV/AIDS are
consistently reported among youth (15-19 years of age) including the
belief that HIV/AIDS can be transmitted by insect bites, kissing, sharing
dishes and touching someone with AIDS. Cultural barriers and
misconceptions about transmission, may help to explain why condom use
remains very low. Poverty (a vulnerability factor)Poverty is more likely
to be associated with: (i) commercial sex; (ii) failure to use condoms;
(iii) poor treatment of STIs; and (iv) lack of awareness of effective
preventive measures. Poverty is rampant in Madagascar, where almost 70
percent of the population lives on less than US$1 a day. HIV/AIDS
exacerbates poverty because of its negative impact on all aspects of
development. Several studies by the Food and Agriculture Organization
(FAO) have shown that HIV/AIDS can drive households into poverty by
forcing sale of assets (e.g. livestock) to cover medical costs or by
reducing household labor available for agricultural activities. This is
particularly relevant for Madagascar where 78 percent of the national
population lives in rural areas and 83 percent depend on agriculture. The
high prevalence of STIs, combined with the high percentage of the poor who
cannot afford to pay for STI treatment, is a strong argument for
subsidizing STI treatments or making them available at no cost. Illiteracy
associated with poverty, prevents the poor from access to relevant
Information, Education, and Communication (IEC) messages. A high HIV/AIDS
prevalence rate is also increasingly a factor considered by private sector
investors when making strategic investment decisions, particularly in
labor-intensive industries, such as mining, tourism and agribusiness.
Stigma, fear and denialSince the Malagasy population has not yet seen the
devastating impact that HIV/AIDS can have, the level of awareness and
concern over the disease is low. Persons living with AIDS are feared and
shunned by society. The government has begun to become more vocal but it
will need to take a different approach to generate awareness and behavior
change than in countries where the prevalence is high. 2.1.3 Low
implementation capacity of actorsThe capacity to respond to the threat of
STI/HIV/AIDS infection is insufficient in Madagascar. Financial, material
- 2 -



and human resources are lacking. The institutions, other than the MOH,
responsible for the response to curb the spread of HIV/AIDS have only been
recently established and need capacity building. The sentinel surveillance
system has not functioned properly for the last five years and needs to be
strengthened. The large number of small initiatives have not been
implemented in a coordinated effort. Organizational and management
capacity also needs strengthening. Financial resources and materials are
required to enhance and expand ongoing successful, critical programs.
Implementation capacity is uneven across line ministries, and the majority
of these ministries have not worked on HIV/AIDS issues in the past. With
the exception of some religious groups, many civil society entities and
NGOs are relatively young and inexperienced. The results of the
institutional and organizational capacity assessment, carried out under
the PHRD grant, indicate that sharing of information and lack of
communication are major bottlenecks to implementation. 2.2. Government
strategyThe CNLS, initially established as an inter-ministerial body, was
created in 1990 under the MOH to manage the PNLS. Although the CNLS was
later opened up to include religious groups, NGOs and other partners, it
never managed to lead a multisectoral approach to HIV/AIDS. In 2001, the
Cellule, under the Office of the Prime Minister, and its executive office
-- the Bureau de Coordination national (BCN) -- headed by the national
Focal Point were created to develop a multisectoral response to the fight
against STI/HIV/AIDS. Despite the lack of a clear strategy over the past
few years, the Government has been engaged in numerous activities mostly
from a health perspective. These include:All health workers at district
level were trained to systematically screen blood for HIV/AIDS and all
were sensitized on blood safety issues. In addition, health workers in all
health facilities were trained to diagnose and treat STIs according to the
syndromic approach. The syndromic approach to STI management is available
but not always consistently. STI treatment kits contain the necessary
antibiotics to treat the STI; educational brochures (with pictures) to
explain the STI and how to take the medicine; condoms for the duration of
the treatment period; and a referral card for the usual sex partner.
Prepackaged STI treatment in different kits is expected to facilitate the
approach in both the public and private sectors in the near future. A
USAID funded project (the Commercial Marketing Strategies project - CMS)
was put into place in 1998 and is managed by a consortium of NGOs and
private sector. The project began a national social marketing program for
condoms with more than 25,000 selling points and 700 wholesalers, selling
over 5 million condoms last year. CMS has reached hundreds of thousands of
Malagasy using both innovative mass media (radio, television, special
events) and interpersonal communication techniques, including its mobile
video unit (cinemobile) and peer educators. It has worked with specific
target groups (such as sex workers and truckers) and conducts workplace
initiatives to guarantee condom distribution and basic STI/HIV/AIDS
knowledge. This program needs to be scaled up to a level required to
modify behavior and prevent further spreading of the infection.Staff of
the BCN conducted field visits to seek active participation from civil
society and the decentralized levels of government for the development and
finalization of the NSP and the preparation of this project. The NSP is
multisectoral and identifies a broader set of priorities for the future
(see table below). Summary of the priorities identified in the
NSPAreasStrategyPolicies and strategies- advocacy among religious and
traditional leaders- development of a national HIV policy- application and
monitoring of existing laws- participatory strategic planning-
-3 -



strengthening of the monitoring systemMultisectoral mobilization-
establishment of a multisectoral structure at all levels- appointment of
focal points for each sector- inclusion of HIV/AIDS activities in all
development projectsMonitoring of the epidemic- adoption of an appropriate
methodology in a low prevalence country- operational research- expansion
of the surveillance system- establishment of a multisectoral system of
information sharing and dissemination.IEC- integration of IEC messages in
traditional ceremonies- research on behavior change and the Malagasy
context and culture- strengthening and scaling up of existing activities-
development of a national communication strategySTI treatment- development
of a national STI treatment program- development of MCTC prevention
program- strengthening of health personnel in VCT- program for home
treatment of prostitutes- promotion of professional ethics and
confidentiality
2. Objectives
The development objective of the Multisectoral STI/HIV/AIDS Prevention
Project (MSPP) is to support the Government of Madagascar (GOM) in
maintaining the prevalence rate of HIV/AIDS at less than the currently
estimated 1%-. To do so, the project will scale up the national response to
HIV/AIDS and sexually transmitted infections (STIs), a key risk factor and
contributor to the spread of HIV/AIDS.
3. Rationale for Bank's Involvement
IDA's leveraged funding. Under the umbrella of UNAIDS, many donors are
supporting the government's efforts to step up efforts to combat HIV/AIDS.
However, no donor alone is able to mobilize the amount of resources
necessary to finance the government's National HIV/AIDS Strategic Plan.
IDA's support to the NSP is leveraged by the ongoing portfolio, including
the Second Health Sector Support project, the Education Sector Development
project, the Transport project and the Mining project, the approved PHRD
Grant for this project (in the amount of US$452,400), the Poverty
Reduction Strategy process, and the allocation of HIPC resources. Cross
country experience: The Bank is the largest financier of HIV/AIDS and STI
control projects and contributes its experience in the design,
implementation and evaluation of these programs. Through its regional AIDS
Campaign Team for Africa (ACTafrica), the Bank is well-positioned to
provide Madagascar with regional and international experiences and lessons
learned. Moreover, through its involvement in various sectors in
Madagascar and its experience with supporting decentralized,
community-based projects, such as the social fund projects and the two
community nutrition projects, IDA is well placed to assist the Government
in undertaking the national effort to fight HIV/AIDS in a truly
multisectoral and community-oriented manner.
4. Description
This project contributes to financing the NSP to curtail the spread of
STI/HIV/AIDS. It consists of four components:1) a Fund to finance existing
and new HIV/AIDS preventive sub-projects;2) Development of key sector
strategies and sector action plans, and financing of pilot projects;3) a
Monitoring and Evaluation system; and4) Project Management and Capacity
Building. The project builds on activities already underway, creates
synergies with ongoing interventions and projects, and utilizes existing
structures to implement its interventions. This credit is but one of many
sources of technical and financial assistance with other donors
- 4 -



contributing to the fight against HIV/AIDS with both new and on-going
projects. The details of the project components are described in Annex 2.
1. Fund for HIV/AIDS Prevention Activities
2. Development of Sector Strategies, sector Action Plans and Financing of
Pilot Sub-Projects
3. Monitoring and Evaluation
4. Project Management and Capacity Building
Contingencies
5. Financing
Total ( US$m)
BORROWER 0.7
IDA 13.37
LOCAL COMMUNITIES 0.58
Total Project Cost 14.65
6. Implementation
Institutional Set-UpThe Cellule, chaired by the Directeur du Cabinet of
the Office of the Prime Minister, is responsible for: (i) guiding the
development of the NSP and defining priorities; (ii) ensuring the
coherence of national and regional HIV/AIDS activities and issuing
guidelines to the BCN; (iii) providing comments on the UGP's annual work
program and budget; (iv) approving annual technical and financial audits
and providing recommendations for follow-up to all reports; and (v)
approving requested - by UGP - modifications to the Manuel de Procedures
of the Fund. The Cellule was established by decree and is made up of
representatives of key ministries, civil society organizations and
NGOs.The BCN is the executive secretariat of the Cellule and is
responsible for ensuring coordination of all multisectoral HIV/AIDS
activities in Madagascar. In this capacity, the BCN performs the following
functions: (i) organizes meetings of the Cellule and prepares minutes;
(ii) collects, analyzes and disseminates data and information on HIV/AIDS
ongoing activities; (iii) distills, collects and disseminates good
practices; and (iv) applies the Cellule's guidelines for national
coherence. To ensure the BCN's ability to undertake these
responsibilities, its capacity and infrastructure will be assessed and
capacity gaps identified during appraisal. Strengthening of capacity
through providing opportunities for study tours and other training are
being financed under the PPF. The UGP ensures the day-to-day execution of
MSPP activities and reports directly to the Office of the Prime Minister,
which reviews and approves the annual work program, implementation results
and outcomes, and the budget. It is directly responsible for: (i)
development of the annual work program and budget; (ii) financial
management oversight of project components and the Financial Management
Agency (FMA) in charge of the financial management of component 1; iii)
the consolidation of project accounts and the production of annual
financial statements and quarterly Financial Monitoring Reports (FMRs) in
compliance with international accounting standards and IDA requirements;
(iv) procurement and disbursement activities; and (v) oversight of the
monitoring and evaluation (contracted out locally) of the project.Civil
society organizations (including NGOs, religious organizations, women's
and farmers associations, unions, and private enterprises) as well as
private sector bodies will be contracted to implement project activities.
The financial management of the project will be contracted out by the UGP
to a FMA in line with MAP best practice experience of contracting out
- 5 -



project administration and coordination activities to established experts
(see Annex 2). To drive the development of the various sector strategies,
a tripartite comite sectoriel (CS) have been established for each sector,
made up equally of representatives of public, private and civil society
organizations. Members are selected by their peers. One or more
representatives of each CS will also sit on the national Comite
Inter-sectoriel (CIS). The CIS will coordinate the development of sectoral
policy, ensure coherence between sectors, prevent duplication of efforts,
and lead the development of national sectoral operational activities.
Moreover, the CIS will be responsible for approving requests to the
MSPP/Fund over $25,000. Since certain HIV/AIDS prevention activities are
the health sector's responsibility directly and fall within the mandate of
the MOH; specific attention must be given the role of the MOH within this
framework. b) Flow of fundsA chart showing the flow of funds is given
below:To ensure timely and reliable flow of funds, two special accounts
will be opened as follows: The Special Account Funds (S/A: A) will be
managed by the FMA and will cover transactions related to component l;The
Special Account B will be managed by the UGP and will cover transactions
related to components 2,3 and 4.To facilitate the operation of FMA's
provincial/regional offices and to ensure prompt payment of service
providers, the "special account 90-day advance procedure" will be used.
Under this procedure, the FMA will advance funds sums covering no more
than 90 days estimated expenditures to provincial/regional FMA offices
based upon approved budgeted work plans. Subsequent replenishments should
be based on periodic (monthly or quarterly) consolidated reports
accompanied by reconciled bank statements while supporting documents are
kept at the level where expenses are incurred and paid for examination by
external/internal auditors and bank staff.The initial advance to
contractors (NGOs, CBOs, civil society, other organizations) will be made
in conformity with the terms of contract signed between the FMA and the
contractors. Subsequent payments will be based on review of periodical
progress reports (financial and physical) submitted to the
provincial/regional FMA by the contractors. The project implementation and
accounting manuals will describe in details all procedural aspects
regarding financial management (payments, replenishment, reporting,
internal control) and reference to the procedures outlined in these
manuals will be indicated in the DCA.c) Audit arrangements The project
financial statements (for all components) will be audited in accordance
with international audit standards by independent and experienced auditors
acceptable to IDA. The auditors will review and provide opinion on the
financial statements, the special account (one for each executing agency)
and statements of expenditures. The auditors will be also required to
carry out a comprehensive review of the internal control procedures and
provide a management report outlining any recommendations for their
improvement. The auditors report will be submitted to IDA not later than 6
months after the end of each fiscal year. The terms of reference of the
audit will be reviewed with the financial analyst of the Bank/IDA. A
financial and technical audit of sub-projects should be also carried out
by auditors on a selective basis to ensure the efficient use of funds for
intended purpose.
7. Sustainability
The project is expected to become institutionally sustainable during
implementation. It is built on strong government ownership and emphasizes
the strengthening of the capacity of all players, including civil society
- 6 -



and the private sector. The Cellule de Coordination, who will oversee the
implementation of the NSP, will be strengthened. The coordination and
advocacy role of the executive secretariat of the Cellule, the BCN, will
be also be developed and strengthened while the UGP will build capacity in
management, financial management, procurement and monitoring and
evaluation through transfer of knowledge from the various contractors. At
present, 3 percent of the HIPC funds have been allocated to the fight
against HIV/AIDS and it is the role of the Cellule to ensure and sustain
the flow of government funds to this cause.
8. Lessons learned from past operations in the country/sector
1. Stakeholder and donor collaboration. The project was prepared in close
consultation with the UNAIDS theme group and bilateral donor agencies as
well as civil society. In addition, the UNAIDS theme group is spearheading
the production of an Inter-Agency Program to support the government in its
fight against HIV/AIDS, of which this project forms part. The development
of this document was undertaken by a diverse working group that meets
regularly and includes representatives from NGOs and civil society. This
document also forms the basis for the gap-analysis that was undertaken
during appraisal to better define the activities to support under the
MSPP. A successful collaboration has begun between public, private and NGO
sector in the promotion and distribution of condoms, within the larger
framework of behavioral change. SOMARKT and CMS in Madagascar are
private/commercial actors and the main distributors of condoms.
Nonetheless, several issues remain, such as cost recovery and pricing,
that need to be resolved in order to create conditions for self-sustaining
service providers. The project will address these issues and in principle,
follow the existing scheme of promotion and distribution.2. Need for
multisectoral approach. Experience around the world and in Madagascar
shows that there is a need for a multisectoral approach to the prevention
of the spread of HIV/AIDS, since this epidemic is not just a health
problem but also a development challenge. Key ministries as well as
representatives in the private sector and civil society of all sectors
have been involved in the development of the NSP and continue to be
involved through the MSPP. The second component of this project targets
specifically these partners in developing sector strategies and
operational plans that will lead to the financing of activities as part of
a larger country strategy. At the same time, the role of the Ministry of
Health is recognized as key particularly in the reduction of risk factors.
For example, early appropriate STI treatment can reduce HIV transmission
by over 40 percent; therefore consideration will need to be given to
providing universal free or highly subsidized access to the syndromic
approach based STI treatment. 3. Importance of Socio-Cultural Context.
Madagascar is unique in its socio-cultural environment blending
traditional beliefs from Africa and Asia (specifically Indonesia).
Evaluation of various IEC efforts in Madagascar indicates that efforts
have generally been made in developing 'information' rather than
'action-based' messages. The clear link between information and specific
behavioral change has not been evident nor pursued. The project will
therefore emphasize the adaptation of the IEC messages to the Malagasy
socio-cultural context. An analysis of the behaviors, attitudes and
practices of individuals, high-risk groups and communities toward sex, use
of condoms, and incidence of STIs, by specific characteristics of each
province (KAP studies), is being undertaken under the PHRD grant. This
analysis facilitates the more defined identification of high-risk groups
-7 -



(CSWs, truckers and taxi-brousse drivers) and high risk communities (urban
slums, people living next to tourist resorts, mining communities, etc.)
for which special targeted sectoral interventions will be developed.
4. Importance of Data for Monitoring and Evaluation. M&E is critical for
evaluating progress and impact of project activities and in turn,
formulating lessons learned, good practices and any corrective measures to
be periodically incorporated into the project. An adequate STI/HIV/AIDS
surveillance system is essential for effective monitoring and evaluation
of the impact of the activities. The PHRD grant, in collaboration with the
Center for Disease Control (CDC), will contribute to the financing of a
MOH-led comprehensive cross-sectional epidemiological study of HIV/AIDS
and STIs by specific characteristics and profile of each province. This
will ensure a precise diagnosis of the epidemic at the country level. 5.
Contracting out of Financial Management. Lessons from the MAP highlights
the importance of contracting out financial management of project
activities to ensure: (i) rapid disbursement and handling of a large
volume of transactions by an experienced agency; (ii) enhanced
transparency; (iii) minimal establishment of new structures to avoid
duplication; (iv) clear contractual obligations and performance
monitoring; (v) knowledge transfer from FMA to the implementing agency
during the contract period; and (vi) cost efficiency in the FMA
undertaking mandated functions, such as audits. Criteria have been
developed (and are included in the Manuel of Procedures of the Fund) for
the selection and evaluation of a financial management agency. The UGP
will use performance-based contracting to ensure maximum efficiency.
9. Program of Targeted Intervention (PTI)     Y
10. Environment Aspects (including any public consultation)
Issues     :  Environmental category B rating. A medical waste
plan will be prepared before effectiveness. The plan will include
specifications regarding the institutional arrangements for implementation
of the plan and accountability, and will include a cost budget.
11. Contact Point:
Task Manager
Claudia Rokx
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington D.C. 20433
Telephone: 202 473 3619
Fax: 202 522 3234
12.  For information on other project related documents contact:
The InfoShop
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone: (202) 458-5454
Fax: (202) 522-1500
Web: http:// www.worldbank.org/infoshop
Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain components may
not be necessarily included in the final project.
- 8 -



This PID was processed by the InfoShop during the week ending November 30,2001
-9-



