Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2474 MAG
                         Project Agreement
               (Food Security and Nutrition Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
            FONDS D'INTERVENTION POUR LE DEVELOPPEMENT
                        Dated April 9, 1993
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2474 MAG
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 9, 1993, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and FONDS D'INTERVENTION
POUR LE DEVELOPPEMENT (FID).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between Republic of Madagascar (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to fifteen
million five hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 15,500,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition that FID agree
to undertake such obligations toward the Association as are set
forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a Convention to be entered into between the Borrower
and FID, a portion of the proceeds of the Credit provided for under
the Development Credit Agreement will be made available to FID on
the terms and conditions set forth in said Convention; and
      WHEREAS FID, in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
Page  2
to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement and in the
General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings
therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) FID declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out
Part A.1 of the Project with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate administrative, financial, engineering
and public works practices, and shall cause to be provided, promptly
as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources
required for Part A.1 of the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Association and FID shall
otherwise agree, FID shall carry out Part A.1 of the Project in
accordance with the Manual of Procedures.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for Part A.1 of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to
the Development Credit Agreement.
      Section 2.03. FID shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land acquisi-
tion, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement and Part A.1
of the Project.
      Section 2.04. FID shall duly perform all its obligations under
the Convention and the Manual of Procedures. Except as the
Association shall otherwise agree, FID shall not take or concur in
any action which would have the effect of amending, abrogating,
assigning or waiving the Convention, the Manual of Procedures, or
any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) FID shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of Part A.1 of the Project, the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Convention and the
Manual of Procedures, and other matters relating to the purposes of
the Credit.
      (b)   FID shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of Part A.1 of the Project, the accomplishment of the
purposes of the Credit, or the performance by FID of its obligations
under this Agreement and under the Convention and the Manual of
Procedures.
      Section 2.06. Without limitation upon the provisions of
Section 2.05 of this Agreement, FID shall:
      (a)   prepare the programs, budgets and reports with respect
to Part A.1 of the Project, referred to in paragraph 2 of Schedule 4
to the Development Credit Agreement, in accordance with the
provisions of said paragraph; and
Page  3
      (b)   participate in the midterm review of the Project
provided for under said paragraph and, soon thereafter, implement
the recommendations of such a review within its competence.
                            ARTICLE III
                 Management and Operations of FID
      Section 3.01. FID shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial,
engineering and public works practices and with the Manual of
Procedures, under the supervision of qualified and experienced
management assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers,
including an executive director and a regional director in each of
the FID offices of the Provinces of Antananarivo and Toliary, all
with qualifications and experience satisfactory to the Association.
      Section 3.02. FID shall at all times operate and maintain its
plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
public works practices.
      Section 3.03. FID shall take out and maintain with responsible
insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the Association
for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be
consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) FID shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   FID shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                  and expenses and related statements) and the
                  records and accounts for the FID Special Account,
                  for the first six-month period for each three
                  months, and thereafter for each six months,
                  audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                  principles consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   have its administrative, technical and managerial
                  performance for each fiscal year audited, with
                  comments on its compliance with the provisions of
                  this Agreement, the Convention, the Statuts and
                  the Manual of Procedures, by the auditors
                  referred to in above subparagraph (i);
          (iii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than three months after
                  the end of each such period, (A) certified copies
                  of its financial statements for such year as so
                  audited, and (B) the report of such audits by
                  said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                  as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
           (iv)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements and performance as well as the audit
                  thereof, as the Association shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
Page  4
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, FID shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the
                  Association has received the audit report for the
                  fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from the
                  Credit Account or payment out of the FID Special
                  Account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the audit referred to in paragraph
                  (b) (i) of this Section and that the report of
                  such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of FID thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of
the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                  Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
                  terms; or
           (ii)   the date fifteen years after the date of this
                  Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify FID of
this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
Page  5
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      For FID:
            FID, c/o Bureau de SECALINE
            Lot 1BG-121-Ter
            B.P. 3873
            Antananarivo
            Madagascar
                                          Telex:
                                            ___________
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of FID, or by FID on behalf of the Borrower
under the Development Credit Agreement, may be taken or executed by
the Chairman of the Board of Directors or such other person or
persons as the Chairman of the Board of Directors shall designate in
writing, and FID shall furnish to the Association sufficient
evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen signature
of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Francisco Aguirre-Sacasa
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                  FONDS D'INTERVENTION POUR LE DEVELOPPEMENT
                  By /s/ Pierrot Rajaonarivelo
                                         Authorized Representative
