Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                   CREDIT NUMBER 1830 STP
                       Development Credit Agreement
                      (Cocoa Rehabilitation Project)
                                  between
               DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF SAO TOME AND PRINCIPE
                                    and
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                          Dated September 2, 1987
                                                   CREDIT NUMBER 1830 STP
                       DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated September 2, 1987, between DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF SAO
TOME AND PRINCIPE (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the financing of the
Project;
      (B)   the Borrower intends to contract from Caisse Centrale de
Cooperation Economique (CCCE) a loan in an amount equivalent to about one
million dollars ($1,000,000) to assist in financing Part E.1 of the Project
on the terms and conditions set forth in an agreement (the CCCE Loan
Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower and CCCE;
      (C)    the Borrower intends to contract from the United States Agency
for International Development and the Instituto de Cooperacao Economica of
Portugal (USAID/ICE) a non-reimbursable contribution in an amount of nine
hundred thousand dollars ($900,000) and technical assistance to assist in
financing Part E.2 of the Project on the terms and conditions set forth in
an agreement (the USAID/ICE Agreement) to be entered into between the
Borrower and USAID/ICE;
      (D)   the Borrower intends to contract from the Organization of
Petroleum Exporting Countries Fund (the OPEC Fund) a loan in an amount
equivalent to about one million one hundred thousand dollars ($1,100,000)
to assist in financing Part A of the Project on the terms and conditions set
Page  2
forth in an agreement (the OPEC Fund Loan Agreement) to be entered into
between the Borrower and the OPEC Fund;
      (E)   the Borrower intends to contract from the International Fund for
Agricultural Development (IFAD) a loan in an amount equivalent to about one
million nine hundred thousand dollars ($1,900,000) to assist in financing
Parts A, B, D and E.3 of the Project on the terms and conditions set forth
in an agreement (the IFAD Loan Agreement) to be entered into between the
Borrower and IFAD;
      (F)   the Borrower intends to contract from the World Food Programme
(WFP) a non-reimbursable contribution in an amount equivalent to about six
hundred thousand dollars ($600,000) to assist in financing Parts A and B of
the Project on the terms and conditions set forth in an agreement (the WFP
Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower and WFP;
      (G)   the Borrower intends to contract from the Association Francaise
des Volontaires du Progres and the Fonds d'Aide et de Cooperation (AFVP/FAC)
a non-reimbursable contribution in an amount equivalent to about three
hundred thousand dollars ($300,000) to assist in financing Parts A and B of
the Project on the terms and conditions set forth in an agreement (the
AFVP/FAC Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower and AFVP/FAC;
      (H)   the Borrower intends to contract from the Banque Arabe pour le
Developpement Economique de l'Afrique (BADEA) a loan in an amount equivalent
to about six million dollars ($6,000,000) to assist in financing Parts A and
B of the Project on the terms and conditions set forth in an agreement (the
BADEA Loan Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower and BADEA; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis inter alia of the
foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                      General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Development Credit
Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985, with the last
sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General Conditions) constitute an
integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble to this Agreement have
the respective meanings therein set forth and the following additional terms
have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Special Accounts" means the accounts referred to in Section
2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (b)   "Project Preparation Advances" means the project preparation
advances granted by the Association to the Borrower pursuant to exchanges
of letters dated May 26, 1984 and December 5, 1984; December 20, 1985 and
February 27, 1986; and February 27, 1987 and March 12, 1987; between the
Borrower and the Association;
      (c)   "EEA" means Empresa Estatal Agro-Pecuaria, a state enterprise
of the Borrower operating in the agriculture and livestock sector;
      (d)   "Bela Vista EEA" means an EEA established and operating pursuant
to Decreto-Lei No. 48/78 dated December 30, 1978 and Decreto-Lei No. 14/79
dated March 17, 1979;
      (e)   "Uba Budo EEA" means an EEA established and operating pursuant
to Decreto-Lei No. 48/78 dated December 30, 1978 and Decreto-Lei No. 14/79
dated March 17, 1979;
      (f)   "POTO" means Estacao Experimental Agronomica, an agricultural
experimental station of the Borrower located at Poto;
Page  3
      (g)   "MADR" means Ministerio de Agricultura e Desenvolvimento Rural,
the Borrower's Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development;
      (h)   "BNSTP" means Banco Nacional de Sao Tome e Principe, the
Borrower's Central Bank;
      (i)   "Management Contracts" means the contracts dated May 13, 1987
entered into between Bela Vista EEA and Uba Budo EEA, respectively, and
management firms, for the purposes of Parts A and B of the Project; and
      (j)   "PSU" means the Project Support Unit referred to in Section 3.03
of this Agreement.
                                ARTICLE II
                                The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower, on the
terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the Development Credit
Agreement, an amount in various currencies equivalent to six million one
hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 6,100,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn from the
Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement, as such Schedule may be amended from time to time by agreement
between the Borrower and the Association, for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost
of goods and services required for the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall open and maintain in dollars in BNSTP on
terms and conditions satisfactory to the Association: (i) a special account
(Special Account A), for the purposes of Part A of the Project; (ii) a
special account (Special Account B), for the purposes of Part B of the
Project; and (iii) a special account (Special Account C), for the purposes
of Parts C, D and E of the Project. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Accounts shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule
4 to this Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association shall, on
behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account and pay to itself
the amount required to repay the principal amount of the Project Preparation
Advances withdrawn and outstanding as of such date and to pay all unpaid
charges thereon. The unwithdrawn balance of the aggregate authorized amount
of the Project Preparation Advances shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1994 or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge at the rate of one-half of one per cent (1/2 of 1%) per
annum on the principal amount of the Credit not withdrawn from time to time.
The commitment charge shall accrue from a date sixty days after the date of
the Development Credit Agreement to the respective dates on which amounts
shall be withdrawn by the Borrower from the Credit Account or shall be
cancelled.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places as the
Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restrictions of any kind
imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency
specified in this Agreement for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions or in such other eligible currency or currencies as may from time
to time be designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that
Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a service
charge at the rate of three-fourths of one per cent (3/4 of 1%) per annum
on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time
to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be payable
Page  4
semiannually on May 1 and November 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the
Credit in semiannual installments payable on each May 1 and November 1
commencing November 1, 1997, and ending May 1, 2037. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on May 1, 2007 shall be one-half of one
per cent (1/2 of 1%) of such principal amount, and each installment
thereafter shall be one and one-half per cent (1-1/2%) of such principal
amount.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is hereby
specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE III
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and,
to this end, shall carry out the Project or cause the Project to be carried
out with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
agricultural, administrative and financial practices, and shall provide,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources
required for the Project.
      (b)   The Borrower shall make available to Bela Vista EEA and Uba Budo
EEA, respectively, under terms and conditions which shall have been approved
by the Association, as a contribution to said EEAs' equity, the proceeds of
the Credit allocated to: (i) Category (1) set forth in the table in
paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement to Bela Vista EEA; and (ii)
Category (2) set forth in said table to Uba Budo EEA.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required for the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. (a) For the purposes of assisting the Borrower in
coordinating the execution of the Project by the departments and agencies
of the Borrower, the Borrower shall establish, and thereafter maintain, a
Project Support Unit (PSU) in the MADR, which shall report directly to the
Minister of MADR.
      (b)   The PSU shall be adequately staffed, including: (i) a Project
Coordinator, employed in accordance with the provisions of Section II of
Schedule 3 to this Agreement; (ii) a qualified and experienced Deputy
Project Coordinator, acceptable to the Association; and (iii) at least one
support staff in charge of accounting and administrative services.
      (c)   The PSU shall be responsible for, inter alia: (i) the proper
flow of information between all parties concerned with the Project; (ii)
Project administration, including the flow of Project funds; and (iii)
monitoring and evaluation of progress achieved in the execution of the
Project, including the preparation of progress reports.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall, not later than March 31, 1988: (a)
adopt measures to provide the EEAs with effective management autonomy; (b)
elaborate and implement a flexible salary system for field workers and team
leaders; and (c) authorize the EEAs to hire staff and dismiss redundant or
undisciplined staff; all in a manner satisfactory to the Association.
      Section 3.05. The Borrower shall:
      (a)   not later than December 31, 1987, or such other date as the
Association may agree, furnish to the Association, for its review and
approval, draft statutes for Bela Vista EEA and Uba Budo EEA; and
      (b)   ensure that said statutes come into force promptly after the
Association's approval.
      Section 3.06. The Borrower shall, not later than December 31, 1987:
Page  5
      (a)   cause Bela Vista EEA and Uba Budo EEA to: (i) establish rules,
acceptable to the Association, determining who is entitled to reside On the
estates of Bela Vista EEA and Uba Budo EEA; and (ii) confirm the rights of
the workers employed at said time by said EEAs to reside on said estates
with their families; and
      (b)   relocate families not entitled to reside on said EEAs' estates,
in accordance with a plan acceptable to the Association.
      Section 3.07. The Borrower shall:
      (a)   at all times, ensure that agricultural equipment and inputs are
available to smallholders;
      (b)   not later than December 31, 1988, review in consultation with
the Association the system of import and sale of such equipment and inputs;
and
      (c)   based on such review, promptly thereafter, modify such system
in a manner acceptable to the Association.
      Section 3.08. The Borrower shall:
      (a)   not use or permit its EEAs to use chemicals detrimental to the
environment, including such chemicals as the Association may from time to
time designate to this effect in writing to the Borrower;
      (b)   not later than September 30, 1988, submit to the Association,
for its review and approval, a plan to monitor and control chemical residues
in streams and other parts of the biosphere, and thereafter implement such
plan; and
      (c)   cause the management firms referred to in Section II of Schedule
3 to this Agreement to train workers in Bela Vista EEA and Uba Budo EEA in
the safe use of chemicals.
      Section 3.09. The Borrower shall, not later than September 30, 1988,
exchange views with the Association on the strategies in the areas referred
to in Part E.4 of the Project and the contents of the studies included in
Part E.5 of the Project, the recommendations included therein and action
plans for the implementation of said strategies and recommendations.
      Section 3.10. (a) The Borrower and the Association shall undertake a
joint interim review of the Project in cooperation with Bela Vista EEA, Uba
Budo EEA and the three units for applied research, training and food crop
development under Part E. 1, 2 and 3 of the Project, not later than December
31, 1989, or such other date as the Association may agree.
      (b)   Thereafter, the Borrower shall promptly take, and cause the
entities referred to in paragraph (a) of this Section to take, such measures
as the Association shall consider adequate on the basis of such review to
ensure the achievement of the objectives of the Project as set forth in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.11. Not later than June 30, 1991, or such other date as the
Association may agree, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association for its
review a plan to pursue the objectives of the Project after the Project's
completion.
                                ARTICLE IV
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices the operations, resources and expenditures in respect
of Parts C, D and E of the Project of the departments or agencies of the
Borrower responsible for carrying out said Parts of the Project or any
portion thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
Page  6
            (i)   furnish to the Association, as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than f our months after the end of
                  each fiscal year, the accounts referred to in paragraph
                  (a) of this Section including Special Account C;
            (ii)  have the records and accounts referred to in paragraph
                  (a) of this Section including Special Account C for each
                  fiscal year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
            (iii) furnish to the Association, as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end of each
                  such year, a certified copy of the report of such audit
                  by said auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Association shall have reasonably requested; and
            (iv)  furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts and the audit
                  thereof as the Association shall from time to time
                  reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals from the
Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of expenditure, the
Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance with
                  paragraph (a) of this Section, records and accounts
                  reflecting such expenditures;
            (ii)  retain, until at least one year after the Association has
                  received the audit report for the fiscal year in which
                  the last withdrawal from the Credit Account was made, all
                  records (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts and
                  other documents) evidencing such expenditures;
            (iii) enable the Association's representatives to examine such
                  records; and
            (iv)  ensure that such records and accounts are included in the
                  annual audit referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section
                  and that the report of such audit contains a separate
                  opinion by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditures submitted during such fiscal year, together
                  with the procedures and internal controls involved in
                  their preparation, can be relied upon to support the
                  related withdrawals.
      Section 4.02. (a) The Borrower shall cause Bela Vista EEA and Uba Budo
EEA to maintain records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with
sound accounting practices their operations and financial condition.
      (b)   The Borrower shall cause Bela Vista EEA and Uba Budo EEA each
to:
            (i)   furnish to the Association, as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than four months after the end of each
                  fiscal year, the accounts referred to in paragraph (a) of
                  this Section including Special Accounts A and B;
            (ii)  have their records, accounts and financial statements
                  (balance sheets, statements of income and expenses and
                  related statements) and the records and, accounts for
                  Special Accounts A and B for each fiscal year audited, in
                  accordance with appropriate auditing principles
                  consistently applied, by independent auditors acceptable
                  to the Association;
            (iii) furnish to the Association as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end of each
                  such year: (A) certified copies of their financial
                  statements for such year as so audited, and (B) the
Page  7
                  report of such audit by said auditors, of such scope and
                  in such detail as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
            (iv)  furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements and the audit thereof, as the Association
                  shall from time to time reasonably request.
      Section 4.03. The Borrower shall:
      (a)   permit Bela Vista EEA and Uba Budo EEA to deposit at least
thirty percent (30%) of their foreign exchange revenues from the sale of
cocoa in accounts in fully convertible currencies in foreign commercial
banks, on terms and conditions acceptable to the Association; and
      (b)   take all necessary steps to ensure that export taxes on cocoa
sales shall not be increased beyond current levels in order not to affect
materially and adversely the financial viability of the Project.
      Section 4.04. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise agree, the
Borrower shall cause Bela Vista EEA and Uba Budo EEA not to incur any debt
between the date of this Agreement and December 31, 1996, if after the
incurrence of such debt the total amount of debts incurred by such EEA in
a twelve-month period shall be greater than $100,000 equivalent.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section: (i) the term "debt" means any
indebtedness of the EEA maturing by its terms more than one year after the
date on which it is originally incurred; and (ii) debt shall be deemed to
be incurred: (A) under a loan contract or agreement or other instrument
providing for such debt or for the modification of its terms of payment on
the date of such contract, agreement or instrument; and (B) under a
guarantee agreement on the date the agreement providing for such guarantee
has been entered into.
      Section 4.05. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree, the
Borrower shall not, until December 31, 1994, permit Bela Vista EEA and Uba
Budo EEA to make any distribution with respect to their equity.
      Section 4.06. The Borrower shall not permit Bela Vista EEA and Uba
Budo EEA to make any new investment, unless such investment is technically,
economically and financially justifiable. Until the completion of the
Project, prior to undertaking any such investment estimated to cost the
equivalent of $100,000 or more, the Borrower shall obtain the Association's
approval therefor.
      Section 4.07. Until the completion of the Project, the Borrower shall
cause Bela Vista EEA and Uba Budo EEA to furnish to the Association, not
later than September 30 of each year:
      (a)   their respective detailed draft budget and work program for the
following year, and projections for such budget and program for the
subsequent year; and
      (b)   their respective five-year investment program, including their
investment budget for the following year and projections for the four
subsequent years.
                                 ARTICLE V
                              Other Covenants
      Section 5.01. The Borrower shall cause Bela Vista EEA and Uba Budo
EEA:
      (a)   to take out and maintain with responsible insurers, or to make
other provision satisfactory to the Association for, insurance against such
risks and in such amounts as shall be consistent with appropriate practice;
      (b)   to carry on their operations and conduct their affairs in
accordance with sound administrative, financial and agricultural practices
under the supervision of qualified and experienced management assisted by
Page  8
competent staff in adequate numbers;
      (c)   at all times to be current in the payment of their workers'
salaries; and
      (d)   at all times to operate and to maintain their plantations,
plants, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to time,
promptly as needed, to make all necessary repairs and renewals thereof, all
in accordance with sound engineering, financial and agricultural practices.
                                ARTICLE VI
                        Remedies of the Association
      Section 6.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General Conditions,
the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any of the Management Contracts or any provision thereof shall
have been assigned, amended, abrogated or waived, except as the Association
shall have otherwise agreed;
      (b)   the statutes of Bela Vista EEA or Uba Budo EEA, referred to in
Section 3.05 of this Agreement, shall have been amended, suspended,
abrogated, waived or otherwise modified, except as the Association shall
have otherwise agreed;
      (c)   the Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction shall
have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment of Bela Vista
EEA or Uba Budo EEA, or for the suspension of their operations; and
      (d)   (i)   Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph:
                  (A)   The right of the Borrower to withdraw the proceeds
                        of any grant or loan made to the Borrower for the
                        financing of the Project shall have been suspended,
                        cancelled or terminated in whole or in part,
                        pursuant to the terms of the agreement providing
                        therefor, or
                  (B)   any such loan shall have become due and payable
                        prior to the agreed maturity thereof.
            (ii)  Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not apply if the
                  Borrower establishes to the satisfaction of the
                  Association that:
                  (A)   such suspension, cancellation, termination or
                        prematuring is not caused by the failure of the
                        Borrower to perform any of its obligations under
                        such agreement; and
                  (B)   adequate funds for the Project are available to the
                        Borrower from other sources on terms and conditions
                        consistent with the obligations of the Borrower
                        under this Agreement.
      Section 6.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General Conditions,
the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any of the events specified in paragraph (a), (b) and (c) of
Section 6.01 of this Agreement shall occur; and
      (b)   the event specified in paragraph (d) (i) (B) of Section 6.01 of
this Agreement shall occur, subject to the proviso of paragraph (d) (ii) of
that Section.
                                ARTICLE VII
                        Effective Date; Termination
      Section 7.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement within
Page  9
the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   (i) all conditions precedent to the effectiveness of one of the
Management Contracts (other than the effectiveness of this Agreement and the
payment of the start-up expenditures) have been fulfilled; (ii) all debts
in arrears to BNSTP of the EEA which is a party to such Management Contract
have been consolidated; and (iii) such EEA has established an accounting
system acceptable to the Association; and
      (b)   the PSU has been established, and the Project Coordinator and
Deputy Project Coordinator, referred to in Section 3.03 (b) of this
Agreement, have been employed.
      Section 7.02. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the
General Conditions.
      Section 7.03. The obligations of the Borrower under Articles IV and
V of this Agreement and the provisions of paragraph (b) of Section 6.02 of
this Agreement shall cease and determine on the date on which the
Development Credit Agreement shall terminate or on the date twenty years
after the date of this Agreement, whichever shall be the earlier.
                               ARTICLE VIII
                 Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 8.01. The Minister in charge of finance of the Borrower is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of Section
11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 8.02. The following addresses are specified for the purposes
of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministerio das Financas
            Sao Tome
            Republica Democratica de Sao Tome
                  e Principe
                                          Telex:
                                                225 MIPLANO STP
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                       440098 (ITT)
                  Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA) or
                                                 64145 (WUI)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly
authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in the District of Columbia, United States of America, as
of the day and year first above written.
                  DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF SAO TOME AND
                        PRINCIPE
                  By /s/ Joaquim Rafael Branco
                                                Authorized Representative
Page  10
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Caio K. Koch-Weser
                                           Acting Regional Vice President
                                                                   Africa
                                SCHEDULE 1
                 Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the amounts of the Credit
to each Category and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
       Amount of the
     Credit Allocated                % of
       (Expressed in             Expenditures
CategorySDR Equivalent)         to be Financed
(1)     Plantation develop-
    ment for Part A of
    the Project:
    (a) Management                   970,000        100%
        services
    (b) Technical                     80,000        100%
        assistance,
        training and
        studies
    (c) Civil works                   80,000        100% of foreign
                                            expenditures and
                                            90% of local ex-
                                            penditures
    (d) Equipment,                   230,000        100% of foreign
        machinery and                               expenditures and
        vehicles                                    90% of local ex-
                                            penditures
    (e) Agricultural                  80,000        100% of foreign
        inputs                                      expenditures and
                                            90% of local ex-
                                  penditures
(2)     Plantation develop-
    ment for Part B of
    the Project:
    (a) Management                 1,800,000        100%
        services
    (b) Technical                     80,000        100%
        assistance,
        training and
        studies
    (c) Civil works                  150,000        100% of foreign
                                            expenditures and
                                            90% of local ex-
                                            penditures
    (d) Equipment,                    80,000        100% of foreign
        machinery and                               expenditures and
        vehicles                                    90% of local ex-
                                            penditures
Page  11
    (e) Agricultural                 150,000        100% of foreign
        inputs                                      expenditures and
                                            90% of local ex-
                                            penditures
(3)     Technical assis-
    tance, training
    and studies:
    (a) for Parts C and               80,000    100%
        D of the Project
    (b) for Part E of                300,000    100%
        the Project
(4)     Office equipment and          80,000    100%
    supplies for the
    PSU
(5)     Refunding of               1,200,000        Amount due pur-
    Project Prepara-                                suant to Section
    tion Advances                                   2.02 (c) of this
                                            Agreement
(6)     Unallocated                  740,000
        TOTAL                      6,100,000
2.  For the purposes of this Schedule:
    (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in the currency
of any country other than that of the Borrower for goods or services
supplied from the territory of any country other than that of the Borrower;
and
    (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the currency
of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the territory of the
Borrower.
3.  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no withdrawals
shall be made in respect of:
    (a)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement, except that withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not exceeding the
equivalent of SDR 250,000, may be made in respect of Categories (1) and (2)
on account of payments made for expenditures before that date but after June
1, 1987; and
    (b)   expenditures to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated to Categories (1) and (2) set forth in the table in paragraph 1
of this Schedule, until: (i) all conditions precedent to the effectiveness
of the corresponding Management Contract (other than the payment of the
start-up expenditures) have been fulfilled; (ii) all debts in arrears to
BNSTP of the corresponding EEA have been consolidated; and (iii) the
corresponding EEA has established an accounting system acceptable to the
Association.
                                SCHEDULE 2
                        Description of the Project
    The objectives of the Project are to increase the productivity of cocoa
plantations and improve the performance of the agricultural sector in
general and cocoa subsector in particular, in order to increase foreign
exchange revenues and hence contribute to the Borrower's economic recovery.
    The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree upon
from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:   Rehabilitation of Bela Vista EEA
Page  12
1.  Strengthening of enterprise management through a long-term Management
Contract, including training of staff and gradual transfer of know-how and
responsibilities to nationals of the Borrower.
2.  Rehabilitation and replanting of about 1,700 ha of cocoa plantations.
3.  Construction and repair of plantation infrastructure, including access
roads, irrigation canals and agro-processing facilities.
4.  Acquisition of agricultural machinery, inputs, office equipment and
supplies, and vehicles.
5.  Increasing labor productivity through the provision of adequate work
incentives.
6.  Allotment of foodplots and provision of foodcrop experts' services,
tools and inputs to workers' families.
7.  Improving social infrastructure for plantation workers, including: (i)
rehabilitation of housing; (ii) carrying out a program of self-help
construction of houses; (iii) improving the supply of water, sanitary
facilities and electricity; (iv) construction and rehabilitation of day care
facilities, schools, general store and eating facilities; and (v) provision
of transport facilities for workers not residing on the estate.
Part B:   Rehabilitation of Uba Budo EEA
1.  Strengthening of enterprise management through a long-term Management
Contract, including training of staff and gradual transfer of know-how and
responsibilities to nationals of the Borrower.
2.  Replanting and rehabilitation of about 1,800 ha of cocoa trees.
3.  Construction and repair of plantation infrastructure, including access
roads, irrigation canals and agro-processing facilities.
4.  Acquisition of agricultural machinery, inputs, office equipment and
supplies, and vehicles.
5.  Increasing labor productivity through the provision of
adequate work incentives.
6.  Allotment of foodplots and provision of foodcrop experts' services,
tools and inputs to workers' families.
7.  Improving social infrastructure for plantation workers, including: (i)
rehabilitation of housing; (ii) carrying out a program of self-help
construction of houses; (iii) improving the supply of water, sanitary
facilities and electricity; (iv) construction and rehabilitation of day care
facilities, schools, general store and eating facilities; and (v) provision
of transport facilities for workers not residing on the estate.
Part C:   Assessment of and Support to EEAs other than Bela Vista EEA and
          Uba Budo EEA
1.  Assessment of key constraints facing EEAS, and of their immediate
management and technical needs.
2.  Preparation of prefeasibility rehabilitation plans and other studies,
and of detailed action programs to carry out such plans.
Part D:   Assistance to Smallholders
1.  Technical guidance and training for smallholders.
2.  Supply of agricultural small tools and machinery and inputs
to smallholders.
Part E:   Strengthening of Agricultural Support Services
1.  Establishment at POTO of a cocoa applied research and development unit
Page  13
to provide technical support to EEAS, in particular Bela Vista EEA and Uba
Budo EEA.
2.  Establishment at Bela Vista EEA of an agricultural training unit to
develop and implement training programs for EEA supervisory and
administrative personnel, focusing on cocoa production.
3.  Establishment at the Mesquita site of a food crop development unit for
determining varieties of seeds most adaptable to the conditions of the
country as well as accompanying cultural techniques.
4.  Preparation and implementation of strategies and action plans in the
following areas:
          (i)   promotion of foreign investment;
          (ii)  identification of appropriate land and crops for
                diversification and private smallholder development;
          (iii) improvement of land tenure through the development of a
                mechanism and procedures for granting land titles to
                individuals and of a legal framework for permanent usufruct
                land titles;
          (iv)  cocoa marketing; and
          (v)   role, organization, manpower planning and training needs of
                MADR.
5.  Carrying out of studies:
          (i)   on the effects of the cocoa rehabilitation program and crop
                diversification on the ecology, including the effects of
                the use of fuelwood for cocoa dryers on deforestation
                together with a forest inventory;
          (ii)  on the assessment of the need and scope for financial
                services to the agricultural sector, including credit to
                smallholders; and
          (iii) for the preparation and implementation of projects in the
                agricultural sector.
                                 *   *   *
    The Project is expected to be completed by December 31,
1993.
                                SCHEDULE 3
                   Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I. Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A.   Procurement Procedures
1.  Except as provided in paragraph 2 of this Part, civil works shall be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding,
advertised locally, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to the
Association.
2.  Civil works, estimated to cost less than the equivalent of $100,000 per
contract, may be carried out by force account by Bela Vista EEA, Uba Budo
EEA or the Borrower, as the case may be, or procured under contracts awarded
on the basis of evaluation and comparison of bids invited from a list of at
least three contractors eligible under the "Guidelines for Procurement under
IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985 (the
Guidelines), in accordance with procedures acceptable to the Association.
3.  Agricultural inputs, construction materials, vehicles and equipment,
estimated to cost less than the equivalent of $100,000 per contract, may be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
Page  14
quotations solicited from a list of at least three suppliers eligible under
the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the Association.
Part B.   Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.  Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final contracts:
    (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the equivalent of
$100,000 or more, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix
1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be
made out of a Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure
that the two conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to
the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the
Association prior to the making of the first payment out of the Special
Account in respect of such contract.
    (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the preceding
paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to
the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of a Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that
the two conformed copies of the contract, together with the other
information required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
paragraph 3, shall be furnished to the Association as part of the evidence
to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
    (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (a) and
(b) shall not apply to contracts on account of which the Association has
authorized withdrawals from the Credit Account on the basis of statements
of expenditure. Such contracts shall be retained in accordance with Section
4.01 (c) (ii) of this Agreement.
2.  The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of paragraph 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
    In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project, the
Borrower shall employ consultants, including agricultural, financial and
management consultants, and shall cause Bela Vista EEA and Uba Budo EEA to
employ consultants, including management firms, the qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment of all of which shall be
satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected inaccordance with 
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank
Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank
in August 1981.
                                SCHEDULE 4
                             Special Accounts
1.  For the purposes of this Schedule:
    (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means: (i) in the case of Special
Account A, Category (1) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule
1 to this Agreement; (ii) in the case of Special Account B, Category (2) set
forth in said table; and (iii) in the case of Special Account C, Categories
(3) and (4) set forth in said table.
    (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in respect of
the reasonable cost of goods and services required for the Project and to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit allocated from time to time
to the eligible Categories in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1
to this Agreement; and
    (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount to be withdrawn
f rom the Credit Account and deposited in each of the Special Accounts
pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule, equivalent in the case of
Special Account A to $100,000, in the case of Special Account B to $100,000,
and in the case of Special Account C to $50,000.
2.  Except as the Association shall otherwise agree, payments out of any
Page  15
Special Account shall be made exclusively for eligible expenditures in
accordance with the provisions of this Schedule.
3.  After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it that a
Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the' corresponding
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish it may be made
as follows:
    (a)   On the basis of a request or requests by the Borrower for a
deposit or deposits which add up to the aggregate amount of the Authorized
Allocation concerned, the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit in such Special Account such
amount or amounts as the Borrower shall have requested, provided that, in
the case of Special Accounts A and B, all corresponding events specified in
paragraph 3 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement shall have occurred.
    (b)   The Borrower shall furnish to the Association requests for
replenishment of such Special Account at such intervals as the Association
shall specify. On the basis of such requests, the Association shall withdraw
from the Credit Account and deposit into such Special Account such amounts
as shall be required to replenish it with amounts not exceeding the amount
of payments made out of such Special Account for eligible expenditures. All
such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the Credit Account
under the respective eligible Categories, and in the respective equivalent
amounts, as shall have been justified by the evidence supporting the request
for such deposit furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule.
4.  For each payment made by the Borrower out of any Special Account for
which the Borrower requests replenishment pursuant to paragraph 3 (b) of
this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association, prior to or
at the time of such request, such documents and other evidence as the
Association shall reasonably request, showing that such payment was made for
eligible expenditures.
5.  (a)   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this Schedule,
no further deposit into any Special Account shall be made by the Association
when either of the following situations first arises:
          (i)   the Association shall have determined that all further
                withdrawals should be made directly by the Borrower from
                the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
                Article V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of
                Section 2.02 of this Agreement; or
          (ii)  the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the
                eligible Categories, minus the amount of any outstanding
                special commitment entered into by the Association pursuant
                to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
                the Project, shall be equal to the equivalent of twice the
                amount of the aggregate Authorized Allocations.
    (b)   Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible Categories shall
follow such procedures as the Association shall specify by notice to the
Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and to the
extent that the Association shall have been satisfied that all such amounts
remaining on deposit in any Special Account as of the date of such notice
will be utilized in making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.  (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time that any
payment out of a Special Account: (i) was made f or any expenditure or in
any amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule, or (ii)
was not justified by the evidence furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of this
Schedule, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association,
deposit into the said Special Account (or, if the Association shall so
request, refund to the Association) an amount equal to the amount of such
payment or the portion thereof not so eligible or justified. No further
deposit by the Association into any of the Special Accounts shall be made
until the Borrower has made such deposit or refund.
    (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time that any
amount outstanding in a Special Account will not be required to cover
Page  16
further payments for eligible expenditures, the Borrower shall, promptly
upon notice from the Association, refund to the Association such outstanding
amount for crediting to the Credit Account.
