Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2695 GH
                       Development Credit Agreement
          (Vocational Skills and Informal Sector Support Project)
                                  between
                             REPUBLIC OF GHANA
                                    and
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                            Dated June 30, 1995
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2695 GH
                       DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 30, 1995, between REPUBLIC OF GHANA
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS the Association has received a letter dated March
9, 1995, from the Borrower describing a program of actions,
objectives and policies designed to strengthen informal sector
training (hereinafter called the Program), and declaring the
Borrower's commitment to the execution of the Program;
      WHEREAS the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule
2 to this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in
the financing of the Project;
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower
upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                      General Conditions; Definitions
Page  2
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this
Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the
Preamble to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein
set forth and the following additional terms have the following
meanings:
      (a)   "Eligible Training Institutes" means the public and
private institutes meeting the eligibility criteria agreed upon
between MOE and the Association regarding the provision of
training;
      (b)   "KATTC" means MOE's Kumasi Advanced Technical
Teachers' College;
      (c)   "MESW" means the Borrower's Ministry of Employment
and Social Welfare;
      (d)   "MOE" means the Borrower's Ministry of Education;
      (e)   "NACVET" means the National Council for Technical and
Vocational Education and Training, established under MOE and
MESW;
      (f)   "PBME" means MOE's Planning, Budgeting, Monitoring,
and Evaluation Unit;
      (g)   "PMU" means MOE's Projects Management Unit;
      (h)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to a letter agreement, dated January 19, 1995, between
the Borrower and the Association; and
      (i)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement.
                                ARTICLE II
                                The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
in the Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent to six million six hundred thousand
Special Drawing Rights (SDR 6,600,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be
withdrawn from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures
made (or, if the Association shall so agree, to be made) in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required
for the Project described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower may, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in a
commercial bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association, including appropriate protection against set-off,
seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions
of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit
Account and pay to itself the amount required to repay the
principal amount of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn
Page  3
and outstanding as of such date and to pay all unpaid charges
thereon. The unwithdrawn balance of the authorized amount of
the Project Preparation Advance shall thereupon be canceled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 2001 or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The
Association shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later
date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a commitment charge on the principal amount of the
Credit not withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by
the Association as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed
the rate of one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date)
to the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by
the Borrower from the Credit Account or canceled; and (ii) at
the rate set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the
accrual date or at such other rates as may be set from time to
time thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a) above. The rate set
as of June 30 in each year shall be applied from the next
payment date in that year specified in Section 2.06 of this
Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such
places as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii)
without restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the
territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified
in this Agreement for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the
General Conditions or in such other eligible currency or
currencies as may from time to time be designated or selected
pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4
of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit
withdrawn and outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall
be payable semiannually on June 15 and December 15 in each
year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below,
the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in
semiannual installments payable on each June 15 and December
15, commencing June 15, 2005, and ending December 15, 2034.
Each installment to and including the installment payable on
December 15, 2014, shall be one percent (1%) of such principal
amount, and each installment thereafter shall be two percent
(2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product
per capita, as determined by the Association, shall have
exceeded $790 in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive
years and (ii) the Bank shall consider the Borrower
creditworthy for Bank lending, the Association may, subsequent
to the review and approval thereof by the Executive Directors
of the Association and after due consideration by them of the
development of the Borrower's economy, modify the terms of
repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower,
the Association may revise such modification to include, in
lieu of some or all of the increase in the amounts of such
installments, the payment of interest at an annual rate agreed
with the Association on the principal amount of the Credit
withdrawn and outstanding from time to time, provided that, in
the judgment of the Association, such revision shall not change
the grant element obtained under the above-mentioned repayment
Page  4
modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms
pursuant to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines
that the Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated
significantly, the Association may, if so requested by the
Borrower, further modify the terms of repayment to conform to
the schedule of installments as provided in paragraph (a)
above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America
is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the
General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE III
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to
the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project
through MOE and MESW with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate administrative, financial and
educational practices, and with due regard to ecological and
environmental factors, and shall provide, promptly as needed,
the funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section and except as the Borrower and
the Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall carry
out the Project in accordance with the Implementation Program
set forth in Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.02. Without limitation upon any of its
obligations under Section 3.01 of this Agreement, the Borrower
shall:
      (a)   open and maintain in a commercial bank a vocational
skills project account, to be managed by the PMU under terms
and conditions satisfactory to the Association, to be used
exclusively for the purposes of meeting expenditures under the
Project;
      (b)   prepare, not later than October 31 of each year, a
budget for the succeeding fiscal year specifying by quarter the
Borrower's contribution to the financing of the Project, as
estimated by the Borrower in consultation with the Association
as part of the annual review referred to in Section 3.04 of
this Agreement; and
      (c)   deposit into said account, promptly before each
fiscal quarter starting after the Effective Date, the
Borrower's contribution to the financing of the Project
required for such ensuing quarter.
      Section 3.03. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall:
      (a)   jointly with the Association, carry out not later
than September 30 of each year an annual review of the progress
made in carrying out the Project and the Program, including an
evaluation of the sustainability of the levels of fees charged
under Parts A.1 and A.2 of the Project for training and tool
kits; and
      (b)   based on such review, adopt a work program, budget
Page  5
and fee levels, satisfactory to the Association, for the
succeeding fiscal year.
      Section 3.05. (a) The Borrower shall carry out, jointly
with the Association, not earlier than July 1, 1997 and not
later than December 31, 1997, a midterm review of the progress
made in carrying out the Project and the Program. This review
shall cover, among other things: (i) the effectiveness of
training programs, (ii) enrollment in training programs by
skill area, (iii) the list of Eligible Training Institutes,
(iv) the effectiveness of tool/equipment distribution under
Part A.2 of the Project, (v) trade association involvement in
Project activities, (vi) the use of the labor force information
generated under the Project, (vii) the sustainability of the
levels of fees charged under Parts A.1 and A.2 of the Project
for training and tool kits, (viii) review of the monitoring
indicators agreed upon with the Association, and (ix) status of
procurement and disbursement under the Project.
      (b)   The Borrower shall transmit to the Association, at
least 60 days prior to the midterm review described in
paragraph (a) above, a report, in scope and detail satisfactory
to the Association, describing the status of the items listed
in such paragraph and of Project and Program implementation
generally.
      (c)   Based on such mid-term review, the Borrower shall
promptly prepare an action plan, acceptable to the Association,
to deal with any deficiencies in Project and Program
implementation identified during the review, and shall
thereafter implement such action plan.
      Section 3.06. Without limitation upon the provisions of
Article IX of the General Conditions, the Borrower shall:
      (a)   prepare and furnish to the Association, not later
than six (6) months after the Closing Date or such later date
as may be agreed for this purpose between the Borrower and the
Association, a plan, of such scope and in such detail as the
Association shall reasonably request, for the future operation
of the Project;
      (b)   afford the Association a reasonable opportunity to
exchange views with the Borrower on said plan; and
      (c)   thereafter, carry out said plan with due diligence
and efficiency and in accordance with appropriate practices,
taking into account the Association's comments thereon.
                                ARTICLE IV
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to
be maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect, in
accordance with sound accounting practices, the operations,
resources and expenditures in respect of the Project of the
departments or agencies of the Borrower, and of the Eligible
Training Institutes, responsible for carrying out the Project
or any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those
                  for the Special Account for each fiscal year
                  audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the
                  Association;
Page  6
            (ii)  furnish to the Association, as soon as
                  available, but in any case not later than six
                  months after the end of each such year, a
                  certified copy of the report of such audit by
                  said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                  as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other
                  information concerning said records,
                  accounts and the audit thereof as the
                  Association shall from time to time
                  reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the basis of
statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                  accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                  records and accounts reflecting such
                  expenditures;
            (ii)  retain, until at least one year after the
                  Association has received the audit report for
                  the fiscal year in which the last withdrawal
                  from the Credit Account or payment out of the
                  Special Account was made, all records
                  (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts
                  and other documents) evidencing such
                  expenditures;
           (iii)  enable the Association's representatives
                  to examine such records; and
            (iv)  ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                  report of such audit contains a separate
                  opinion by said auditors as to whether the
                  statements of expenditure submitted during such
                  fiscal year, together with the procedures and
                  internal controls involved in their
                  preparation, can be relied upon to support the
                  related withdrawals.
                                 ARTICLE V
                        Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely
that a situation has arisen which shall make it improbable that
the Program, or a significant part thereof, will be carried
out.
                                ARTICLE VI
                                Termination
      Section 6.01. The date ninety (90) days after the date of
this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section
12.04 of the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE VII
                Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Minister of Finance of the Borrower is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes
of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
Page  7
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for
the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Minister of Finance
            Ministry of Finance
            P.O. Box M40
            Accra, Ghana
            Cable address:                      Telex:
                  ECONOMICON                      2205 MIFAEP GH
                  Accra
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                  REPUBLIC OF GHANA
                  By /s/ Ekwow Spio-Garbrah
                                                Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                                                   Africa
                                SCHEDULE 1
                 Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of
the amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage
of expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                            Amount of the
                          Credit Allocated                % of
                            (Expressed in             Expenditures
Category                   SDR Equivalent)           to be Financed
Page  8
(1) Civil Works                 610,000              90%
(2) Equipment, Vehicles       3,770,000              100% of foreign
    and Furniture                                    expenditures and
                                                     90% of local
                                                     expenditures
(3) Training                    560,000              100%
(4) Consultants'                450,000
    Services under                                   100%
    Part B of
    the Project
(5) Operating Costs:                                 90%
    (a) for MESW               120,000
    (b) for MOE and            260,000
        NACVET
(6) Refunding of                160,000              Amount due
    Project                                          pursuant to
    Preparation                                      Section 2.02 (c)
    Advance                                          of this Agreement
(7) Unallocated                 670,000
                              _________
    TOTAL                     6,600,000
                             ==========
2.  For the purposes of this Schedule:
    (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country
other than that of the Borrower;
    (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from
the territory of the Borrower; and
    (c)   the term "operating costs" means incremental expenses
for field allowances, short-term consultant support, and
vehicle and equipment maintenance and operation incurred by
MESW, NACVET and MOE in carrying out the Project.
3.  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
    (a)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of
this Agreement; and
    (b)   Category (5)(a) until the Borrower shall have employed
at least two computer programmers at MESW's Employment
Information Branch, and at least one computer programmer at
each of MESW's five first-level data processing centers, each
with qualifications and experience satisfactory to the
Association.
4.  The Association may require withdrawals from the Credit
Account to be made on the basis of statements of expenditure
for expenditures for goods and services under contracts not
exceeding $50,000 equivalent and for works not exceeding
$100,000 equivalent, under such terms and conditions as the
Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower.
                                SCHEDULE 2
Page  9
                        Description of the Project
    The objectives of the Project are: (i) to improve the
efficiency and effectiveness of public and private vocational
training, (ii) to improve productivity of the informal sector
and the quality of its products, and (iii) to improve the
capacity of the Borrower to support vocational training.
    The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may
agree upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:   Informal Sector Training
1.  Increasing the quality of, and access to, vocational and
entrepreneurial training for informal sector apprentices and
masters, through support to public and private training
institutions and training of about 25,000 informal sector
apprentices and masters.
2.  Enhancing the impact of vocational training through the
provision of tools and equipment to trainees for use during and
following completion of training.
3.  Strengthening the skills of vocational training instructors
in public and private institutions through the provision of
training by KATTC.
4.  Improving the effectiveness of training through the
development of curricula by NACVET, in close coordination with
training institutes and beneficiary trade associations.
Part B:   Institutional Development
1.  Strengthening the institutional capacity of NACVET through,
inter alia, staff training, the provision of vehicles,
equipment, and office space.
2.  Strengthening the institutional capacity of PBME to conduct
tracer studies regarding technical and vocational training, and
to analyze and disseminate their results.
3.  Strengthening the information base of the Borrower regarding
labor issues through the execution of a labor force survey and
related analytic studies, and strengthening the institutional
capacity of MESW to conduct or otherwise support such studies.
                                   * * *
    The Project is expected to be completed by December 31,
2000.
                                SCHEDULE 3
                   Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
1.  Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines), and in
accordance with the following additional procedures:
    (a)   When contract award is delayed beyond the original bid
validity period, such period may be extended once, subject to
and in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 2.59 of the
Guidelines, by the minimum amount of time required to complete
Page  10
the evaluation, obtain necessary approvals and clearances and
award the contract. The bid validity period may be extended a
second time only if the bidding documents or the request for
extension shall provide for appropriate adjustment of the bid
price to reflect changes in the cost of inputs for the contract
over the period of extension. Such an increase in the bid price
shall not be taken into account in the bid evaluation. With
respect to each contract made subject to the Association's
prior review in accordance with the provisions of Part D.1(a)
of this Section I, the Association's prior approval will be
required for (i) a first extension of the bid validity period
if the period of extension exceeds sixty (60) days and (ii) any
subsequent extension of the bid validity period.
    (b)   In the procurement of goods in accordance with this
Part A, the Borrower shall use the relevant standard bidding
documents issued by the Bank, with such modifications thereto
as the Association shall have agreed to be necessary for the
purposes of the Project. Where no relevant standard bidding
documents have been issued by the Bank, the Borrower shall use
bidding documents based on other internationally recognized
standard forms agreed with the Association.
    (c)   To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall be
grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of
$100,000 or more.
    (d)   Goods shall be exempted from preshipment price
inspection by a third party inspection firm.
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
    In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in
Ghana may be granted a margin of preference in accordance with,
and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of
the Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2
thereto.
Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.  Items or groups of items for (i) works, estimated to cost
the equivalent of $400,000 or less per contract, up to an
aggregate amount equivalent to $1,000,000, and (ii) office
equipment and furniture, estimated to cost the equivalent of
$100,000 or less per contract, up to an aggregate amount
equivalent to $200,000, may be procured under contracts awarded
on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Association
2.  Items or groups of items for goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of $50,000 or less per contract, up to an aggregate
amount equivalent to $250,000, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of comparison of price quotations obtained
from at least three suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Association.
Part D:   Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.  Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and
final contracts:
    (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $100,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the
Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure
that the two conformed copies of the contract required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d)
shall be furnished to the Association prior to the making of
the first payment out of the Special Account in respect of such
Page  11
contract.
    (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3
and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where
payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the
two conformed copies of the contract together with the other
information required to be furnished to the Association
pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the
Association as part of the evidence to be furnished pursuant to
paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
    (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
2.  The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
1.  In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be
selected in accordance with principles and procedures
satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the "Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the
World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August
1981 (the Consultant Guidelines). For complex, time-based
assignments, the Borrower shall employ such consultants under
contracts using the standard form of contract for consultants'
services issued by the Bank, with such modifications as shall
have been agreed by the Association. Where no relevant standard
contract documents have been issued by the Bank, the Borrower
shall use other standard forms agreed with the Association.
2.  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this
Section, the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring
prior Association review or approval of budgets, short lists,
selection procedures, letters of invitation, proposals,
evaluation reports and contracts shall not apply to (a)
contracts for the employment of consulting firms estimated to
cost less than $50,000 equivalent each or (b) contracts for the
employment of individuals estimated to cost less than $10,000
equivalent each. However, this exception to prior Association
review shall not apply to (a) the terms of reference for such
contracts, (b) single-source selection of consulting firms, (c)
assignments of a critical nature, as reasonably determined by
the Association, (d) amendments to contracts for the employment
of consulting firms raising the contract value to $50,000
equivalent or above, or (e) amendments to contracts for the
employment of individual consultants raising the contract value
to $10,000 equivalent or above.
                                SCHEDULE 4
                          Implementation Program
1.  The Borrower shall coordinate Project activities through the
PMU under terms of reference satisfactory to the Association,
which shall require, inter alia, that the PMU: (a) report
periodically to the Association, (b) organize execution of the
Project in accordance with the Project implementation manual
adopted by the Borrower, and review annually, in consultation
with the Association, the need for any modifications to such
manual in view of actual Project implementation, (c) promote
donor coordination regarding informal sector training, (d)
procure works and goods for the benefit of Eligible Training
Institutes, and (e) ensure coordination among the Borrower,
Page  12
Eligible Training Institutes, trade associations and trainees.
Part A of the Project
2.  In carrying out Parts A.1 and A.2 of the Project with
respect to vocational training:
    (a)   the Borrower shall support training at Eligible
Training Institutes only;
    (b)   as a precondition to such support to any Eligible
Training Institute, the Borrower shall enter into a training
support contract with such institute, under terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Association, which shall
specify, inter alia: (i) the financial support to be provided
by the Borrower, (ii) the undertakings of the institute
regarding the training to be provided, (iii) the record keeping
and auditing obligations of the institute, and (iv) the
reimbursement obligation of the institute for failure to meet
performance targets;
    (c)   the Borrower shall review annually the list of Eligible
Training Institutes to determine the continued eligibility of
institutes and the possible inclusion of additional institutes;
    (d)   the Borrower shall support training in the areas of:
(i) electrical installation, (ii) refrigeration and air
conditioning, (iii) carpentry and joinery, (iv) dressmaking and
tailoring, (v) blockwork and concreting, and (vi) such other
areas as may be agreed upon by MOE and the Association;
    (e)   the Borrower shall limit eligibility of trainees to
apprentices and masters who are members of trade associations,
as well as other apprentices whose masters are such members;
    (f)   the Borrower shall implement a voucher system, under
terms of reference agreed upon with the Association, pursuant
to which vouchers shall be distributed by NACVET to trade
associations, for use by apprentices and masters to procure
training from Eligible Training Institutes;
    (g)   the Borrower shall implement a cost-sharing program for
training under Part A.1 of the Project and tools/equipment
distribution under Part A.2 of the Project pursuant to which
trainees shall be required to pay a fee for such training or
tools/equipment, as the case may be, set by MOE in accordance
with Section 3.04(b) of this Agreement;
    (h)   the Borrower shall cause the Eligible Training
Institutes to provide training under Part A.1 of the Project in
accordance with curricula approved by MOE, pursuant to
guidelines agreed upon with the Association; and
    (i)   the Borrower shall supply tools and equipment to
trainees under Part A.2 of the Project only in connection with
training provided to such trainees under Part A.1 of the Project.
3.  In carrying out Part A.1 of the Project, with respect to
entrepreneurial training of masters, the Borrower shall cause
the Management Development and Productivity Institute to adopt
a program, satisfactory to the Association, which shall
provide, inter alia, for short-term courses to be held at
regional centers.
4.  In carrying out Part A.2 of the Project, NACVET shall
establish a revolving fund, under terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Association, which shall provide, inter
alia, for the deposit therein of the proceeds from the sale of
tool kits and equipment to trainees, and the use of such
proceeds to procure additional tools and equipment for
distribution under such Part and to finance additional
training.
Page  13
5.  In carrying out Part A.3 of the Project, NACVET and KATTC
shall develop annual programs for the provision of short-term
training to instructors.
Part B of the Project
6.  In carrying out Part B.1 of the Project, the Borrower shall
ensure that NACVET is staffed with qualified and experienced
management assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers, and
in the case of NACVET's executive director and deputy executive
director, shall maintain in such positions persons with
qualifications and experience satisfactory to the Association.
7.  In carrying out Part B.2 of the Project, PBME shall:
    (a)   beginning not later than August 31, 1995, employ
qualified and experienced staff in adequate numbers to conduct
tracer studies, including at least two statisticians and two
analysts with qualifications and experience satisfactory to the
Association; and
    (b)   conduct, under terms of reference satisfactory to the
Association, tracer studies regarding training, including both
training provided under the Project and long-term vocational
training.
8.  In carrying out Part B.3 of the Project, the Borrower shall:
    (a)   through the Ghana Statistical Service conduct the labor
force survey under terms of reference satisfactory to the
Association and to complete such study by August 31, 1996; and
    (b)   maintain within MESW, computer programmer staffing as
described in paragraph 2(b) of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
                                SCHEDULE 5
                              Special Account
1.  For the purposes of this Schedule:
    (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
through (5) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule
1 to this Agreement;
    (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories
in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement; and
    (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $500,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account
and deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3
(a) of this Schedule, provided, however, that unless the
Association shall otherwise agree, the Authorized Allocation
shall be limited to an amount equivalent to $250,000 until the
aggregate amount of withdrawals from the Credit Account shall
be equal to or exceed the equivalent of $2,000,000.
2.  Payments out of the Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with the
provisions of this Schedule.
3.  After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to
it that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals
of the Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to
replenish the Special Account shall be made as follows:
    (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Page  14
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests
for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate
amount of the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such
request or requests, the Association shall, on behalf of the
Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into the
Special Account such amount or amounts as the Borrower shall
have requested.
    (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                requests for deposits into the Special Account at
                such intervals as the Association shall specify.
          (ii)  Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                payments in respect of which replenishment is
                requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                by said documents and other evidence to have been
                paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from
the Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories,
and in the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been
justified by said documents and other evidence.
4.  For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association
shall reasonably request, furnish to the Association such
documents and other evidence showing that such payment was made
exclusively for eligible expenditures.
5.  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
    (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower
directly from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of Article V of the General Conditions and paragraph
(a) of Section 2.02 of this Agreement;
    (b)   if the Borrower shall have failed to furnish to the
Association, within the period of time specified in Section
4.01 (b) (ii) of this Agreement, any of the audit reports
required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
Section in respect of the audit of the records and accounts for
the Special Account;
    (c)   if, at any time, the Association shall have notified
the Borrower of its intention to suspend in whole or in part
the right of the Borrower to make withdrawals from the Credit
Account pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.02 of the
General Conditions; or
    (d)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect
to the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount
of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association
shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further
Page  15
withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent that the
Association shall have been satisfied that all such amounts
remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date of
such notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.  (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for
an expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to
paragraph 2 of this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the
evidence furnished to the Association, the Borrower shall,
promptly upon notice from the Association: (A) provide such
additional evidence as the Association may request; or (B)
deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Association shall
so request, refund to the Association) an amount equal to the
amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so eligible
or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise agree, no
further deposit by the Association into the Special Account
shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence or
made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
    (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures,
the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association,
refund to the Association such outstanding amount.
    (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association,
refund to the Association all or any portion of the funds on
deposit in the Special Account.
    (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the
Credit Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in
accordance with the relevant provisions of this Agreement,
including the General Conditions.
