Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2459 MAG
                         Project Agreement
           (Rural Finance Technical Assistance Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
       ASSOCIATION DE DEVELOPPEMENT DU MOUVEMENT MUTUALISTE
                      D'EPARGNE ET DE CREDIT
                        Dated May 14, 1993
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2459 MAG
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated May 14, 1993, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and ASSOCIATION DE
DEVELOPPEMENT DU MOUVEMENT MUTUALISTE D'EPARGNE ET DE CREDIT
(ADMMEC).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between Republic of Madagascar (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to two million
seven hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 2,700,000), on
the terms and conditions set forth in the Development Credit
Agreement, but only on condition that ADMMEC agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Association as are set forth in this
Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary credit agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and ADMMEC, the proceeds of the Credit provided
for under the Development Credit Agreement will be made available to
ADMMEC on the terms and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary
Credit Agreement; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS ADMMEC, in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement and in the
General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings
therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. ADMMEC declares its commitment to the objectives
of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit
Agreement and, to this end, in accordance with the Borrower's Rural
Finance Development Strategy, shall carry out the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial and rural finance practices, and shall
provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for the Project.
      Section 2.02. (a) For the purposes of the execution of the
Project, following review and approval by the Steering Committee,
ADMMEC shall, beginning June 30, 1993 and thereafter not later than
September 30 of each year, furnish to the Association, for its
review and approval, in respect of the forthcoming year, detailed
work programs and budgets.
      (b)   ADMMEC shall select the areas where savings and loan
promotion schemes are to be carried out under Part A (a) of the
Project, subject to the approval of the Borrower and the Association
and in accordance with criteria acceptable to the Association,
including: (i) economic potential, notably liquidity, investment
profitability and access to markets; (ii) social potential, in terms
of cooperative tradition; and (iii) institutional base, particularly
the existence of farmers' associations and support organizations.
      Section 2.03. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and consultants' services required for the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall
be governed by the provisions of the Schedule to this Agreement.
      Section 2.04. ADMMEC shall carry out the obligations set forth
in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement.
      Section 2.05. ADMMEC shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Subsidiary Credit Agreement. Except as the Association
shall otherwise agree, ADMMEC shall not take or concur in any action
which would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or
waiving the Subsidiary Credit Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.06. (a) ADMMEC shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of the Project, the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Credit Agreement, and other
matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   ADMMEC shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Credit, or the performance by ADMMEC of its obligations under this
Page  3
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Credit Agreement.
      Section 2.07. Without limitation upon the provisions of
Section 2.06 of this Agreement, ADMMEC shall:
      (a)   prepare and furnish the report referred to in
Section 3.04 of the Development Credit Agreement in accordance with
the provisions of said Section; and
      (b)   participate in the midterm review of the Project
provided for under said Section and soon thereafter implement the
recommendations of such a review within its competence.
                            ARTICLE III
                Management and Operations of ADMMEC
      Section 3.01. ADMMEC shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial and
rural finance practices under the supervision of qualified and
experienced management assisted by competent staff in adequate
numbers, including an accountant, a senior executive with monitoring
and evaluation experience, a senior executive with project
management experience, with terms of employment satisfactory to the
Association, and a rural finance specialist employed in accordance
with the provisions of Section II of the Schedule to this Agreement.
      Section 3.02. ADMMEC shall at all times operate and maintain
its vehicles, equipment and other property, and from time to time,
promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals thereof,
all in accordance with sound engineering and financial practices.
      Section 3.03. ADMMEC shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Association for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as
shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) ADMMEC shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect, in accordance with sound accounting practices,
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   ADMMEC shall:
            (i)    have its records, accounts and financial
                   statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                   and expenses and related statements) for each
                   fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                   appropriate auditing principles consistently
                   applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                   the Association;
            (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                   but in any case not later than six months after
                   the end of each such year: (A) certified copies
                   of its financial statements for such year as so
                   audited; and (B) the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Association shall have reasonably
                   requested; and
            (iii)  furnish to the Association such other
                   information concerning said records, accounts
                   and financial statements as well as the audit
                   thereof, as the Association shall from time to
                   time reasonably request.
                             ARTICLE V
Page  4
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of ADMMEC thereunder shall terminate on the earlier
of the following two dates:
             (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                   Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
                   terms; or
            (ii)   the date fifteen years after the date of this
                   Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify ADMMEC
of this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      For ADMMEC:
            ADMMEC c/o MINAGRI
            Antananarivo
            Madagascar
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   ADMMEC                    22508
                   Antananarivo
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of ADMMEC, or by ADMMEC on behalf of the
Borrower under the Development Credit Agreement, may be taken or
executed by the Director of ADMMEC or such other person or persons
Page  5
as the Director of ADMMEC shall designate in writing, and ADMMEC
shall furnish to the Association sufficient evidence of the
authority and the authenticated specimen signature of each such
person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                   By /s/ Francisco Aguirre-Sacasa
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                   ASSOCIATION DE DEVELOPPEMENT DU MOUVEMENT
                     MUTUALISTE D'EPARGNE ET DE CREDIT
                   By /s/ Pierrot Rajaonarivelo
                                         Authorized Representative
                             SCHEDULE
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I: Procurement of Goods
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1992 (the Guidelines). For fixed-price contracts, the
invitation to bid referred to in paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines
shall provide that, when contract award is delayed beyond the
original bid validity period, the successful bidder's bid price will
be increased for each week of delay by two predisclosed correction
factors acceptable to the Association, one to be applied to all
foreign currency components and the other to the local currency
component of the bid price. Such an increase shall not be taken into
account in the bid evaluation.
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall be
grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of
$100,000 or more.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in Madagascar may
be granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject
to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Items or groups of items for goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of $20,000 per contract or more, up to an aggregate
Page  6
amount equivalent to $100,000, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Association, provided
that the technical and financial bids are simultaneously opened in
public.
2.    Items or groups of items for goods estimated to cost less than
the equivalent of $20,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount
equivalent to $160,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of comparison of price quotations obtained from at least
three suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Association.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $100,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of the
Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract, together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3, shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit
Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II: Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist ADMMEC in carrying out the Project, ADMMEC
shall employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms
and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Association. Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association on the
basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank
Borrowers and by The World Bank as Executing Agency" published by
the Bank in August 1981 (the Consultant Guidelines).
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Section,
the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring prior
Association review or approval of budgets, short lists, selection
procedures, letters of invitation, proposals, evaluation reports and
contracts shall not apply to contracts estimated to cost less than
$50,000 equivalent each. However, this exception to prior
Association review shall not apply to the terms of reference for
such contracts nor to the employment of individuals, to single
source selection of firms, to assignments of a critical nature as
reasonably determined by the Association and to amendments of
contracts raising the contract value to $50,000 equivalent or above.
Page  7
