Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2459 MAG
                   Development Credit Agreement
           (Rural Finance Technical Assistance Project)
                              between
                      REPUBLIC OF MADAGASCAR
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        Dated May 14, 1993
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2459 MAG
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated  May 14, 1993, between REPUBLIC OF MADAGASCAR
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Borrower has stated in a letter dated January 19,
1993 its policies, objectives and program of actions designed to
improve rural finance development (the Rural Finance Development
Strategy);
      (C)   the Project will be carried out by Association de
Developpement du Mouvement Mutualiste d'Epargne et de Credit
(ADMMEC) with the Borrower's assistance and, as part of such
assistance, the Borrower will make available to ADMMEC the proceeds
of the Credit as provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis inter alia of
the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the terms
and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Project
Page  2
Agreement of even date herewith between the Association and ADMMEC;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the
General Conditions), constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth,
and the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to an exchange of letters dated February 7, 1991 and
March 5, 1991 between the Borrower and the Association;
      (b)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (c)   "ADMMEC" means Association de Developpement du Mouvement
Mutualiste d'Epargne et de Credit, a non-governmental organization
established under Malagasy laws and regulations pursuant to its
Statutes and operating in accordance with Principles of Operation,
both dated January 13, 1993;
      (d)   "Project Agreement" means the agreement between the
Association and Association de Developpement du Mouvement Mutualiste
d'Epargne et de Credit (ADMMEC), of even date herewith, as the same
may be amended from time to time, and such term includes all
schedules and agreements supplemental to the Project Agreement;
      (e)   "Subsidiary Credit Agreement" means the agreement
entered into between the Borrower and Association de Developpement
du Mouvement Mutualiste d'Epargne et de Credit (ADMMEC) pursuant to
Section 3.01 (b) of this Agreement, as the same may be amended from
time to time, and such term includes any schedules to the Subsidiary
Credit Agreement; and
      (f)   "Steering Committee" means the Borrower's committee to
be established pursuant to Section 6.01 (f) of this Agreement and
referred to in Section 2.02 of the Project Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to two million seven hundred thousand Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 2,700,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in a
commercial bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association, including appropriate protection against set-off,
seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Page  3
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance
shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1997 or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on February 15 and August 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each February 15 and August 15,
commencing August 15, 2003 and ending February 15, 2033. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on February 15,
2013 shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years, and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
Page  4
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 2.09. ADMMEC is designated as representative of the
Borrower for the purposes of taking any action required or permitted
to be taken under the provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement
and Article V of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and, to this end, without any limitation or restriction
upon any of its other obligations under the Development Credit
Agreement and in accordance with its Rural Finance Development
Strategy, shall cause ADMMEC to perform in accordance with the
provisions of the Project Agreement all the obligations of ADMMEC
therein set forth, shall take and cause to be taken all action,
including the provision of funds, facilities, services and other
resources, necessary or appropriate to enable ADMMEC to perform such
obligations, and shall not take or permit to be taken any action
which would prevent or interfere with such performance.
      (b)   The Borrower shall make available to ADMMEC on a grant
basis the proceeds of the Credit under a subsidiary credit agreement
to be entered into between the Borrower and ADMMEC, under terms and
conditions which shall have been approved by the Association.
      (c)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
Subsidiary Credit Agreement in such manner as to protect the
interests of the Borrower and the Association and to accomplish the
purposes of the Credit, and except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or
waive the Subsidiary Credit Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and consultants' services required for the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall
be governed by the provisions of the Schedule to the Project
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower and the Association hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) shall be carried out
by ADMMEC pursuant to Section 2.04 of the Project Agreement.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall, by June 30, 1995, carry out
jointly with the Association and with the participation of ADMMEC a
midterm review of the Project and soon thereafter shall implement
the recommendations of such a review. In order to facilitate this
review, the Borrower shall cause ADMMEC to prepare and furnish to
the Association, not later than four weeks before the scheduled date
of this review, a report of Project activities of such scope and in
such detail as the Association shall have reasonably requested. The
review shall cover inter alia: (a) overall Project performance
against established and agreed key performance indicators; (b)
evaluation of Project success and problems to take into account for
the future expansion of Project activities; (c) assessment of
Page  5
Project sustainability; and (d) evaluation of consultants'
performance.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the basis of
statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with sound accounting practices, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
            (ii)  ensure that all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures are retained until
                  at least one year after the Association has
                  received the audit report for the fiscal year in
                  which the last withdrawal from the Credit Account
                  was made; and
            (iii) enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) (i) of this Section and those for
                  the Special Account for each fiscal year audited,
                  in accordance with appropriate auditing
                  principles consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
            (ii)  furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year, the report of such
                  audit by said auditors, of such scope and in such
                  detail as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested, including a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals;
                  and
            (iii) furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts and the
                  audit thereof as the Association shall from time
                  to time reasonably request.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   ADMMEC shall have failed to perform any of its
obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (b)   As a result of events which have occurred after the date
of the Development Credit Agreement, an extraordinary situation
shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that ADMMEC will be
able to perform its obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (c)   ADMMEC Statutes and Principles of Operation shall have
been amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to
affect materially and adversely the ability of ADMMEC to perform any
of its obligations under the Project Agreement.
Page  6
      (d)   The Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment
of ADMMEC or for the suspension of its operations.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 5.01 of
this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of sixty
days after notice thereof shall have been given by the Association
to the Borrower; and
      (b)   any event specified in paragraphs (c) or (d) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   the Subsidiary Credit Agreement has been executed on
behalf of the Borrower and ADMMEC;
      (b)   the Special Account has been established in accordance
with Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (c)   the following ADMMEC staff referred to in Section 3.01
of the Project Agreement have been appointed: the accountant, the
senior executive with monitoring and evaluation experience, the
senior executive with project management experience and the rural
finance specialist;
      (d)   at least two consulting firms for the execution of
savings and loan promotion schemes under Part A (a) of the Project
have been employed in accordance with the provisions of Section II
of the Schedule to the Project Agreement;
      (e)   the Borrower has adopted and promulgated its Law
Regulating Savings and Loan Associations (Ordonnance portant
reglementation des activites d'epargne, de credit et de
cautionnement des institutions financicres mutualistes); and
      (f)   the Borrower has established the Steering Committee.
      Section 6.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association:
      (a)   that the Project Agreement has been duly authorized or
ratified by ADMMEC and is legally binding upon ADMMEC in accordance
with its terms; and
      (b)   that the Subsidiary Credit Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by the Borrower and ADMMEC and is legally
binding upon the Borrower and ADMMEC in accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 of this
Agreement, the Minister of the Borrower responsible for finance is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Page  7
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Finance
            Antananarivo
            Madagascar
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  MINFIN                    22489
                  Antananarivo
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        REPUBLIC OF MADAGASCAR
                        By /s/ Pierrot Rajaonarivelo
                                         Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        By /s/ Francisco Aguirre-Sacasa
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                           Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1)  Consultants'              1,525,000        100%
     services
(2)  Vehicles, equip-            210,000        100%
Page  8
     ment and materials
(3)  Training                    225,000        90%
(4)  Operating costs             210,000        100% through
                                                December 31, 1995
                                                and 50% thereafter
(5)  Refunding of                340,000        Amount due pur-
     Project                                    suant to Section
     Preparation                                2.02 (c) of this
     Advance                                    Agreement
(6)  Unallocated                 190,000
                               _________
         TOTAL                 2,700,000
                               =========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule, the term "Operating costs"
means expenditures related to operation and maintenance of Project
vehicles and equipment, travel within Madagascar and per diem of
staff involved in the Project, office rental and maintenance, office
supplies, and salaries of local contractual staff within ADMMEC for
activities relating to the Project.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are, on a pilot scale, to help
rural groups to develop into savings and loan associations which,
over time, may federate and make links with formal financial
institutions, the initial emphasis being to encourage savings in
kind or in cash within a group, leading to credit activities within
said group.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Savings and Loan Promotion
      (a)   Carrying out of savings and loan promotion schemes in at
least three selected areas; (b) expansion of existing schemes in
Vakinankaratra and Marovoay; and (c) carrying out of training
programs in rural finance for local NGOs and Malagasy nationals.
Part B:     Project Management and Monitoring and Evaluation
      Assistance in the overall management of ADMMEC and its
coordination, monitoring and evaluation activities, including the
provision of consultants' services and the acquisition of vehicles
and office equipment.
Part C:     Services to Micro-enterprises
      Provision of basic training and entrepreneurship training
services to micro-enterprises in rural areas.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1997.
                            SCHEDULE 3
Page  9
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
through (4) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $300,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   requests for deposits into the Special Account
                   at such intervals as the Association shall
                   specify.
           (ii)    Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   the documents and other evidence required
                   pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the
                   payment or payments in respect of which
                   replenishment is requested. On the basis of each
                   such request, the Association shall, on behalf
                   of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit
                   Account and deposit into the Special Account
                   such amount as the Borrower shall have requested
                   and as shall have been shown by said documents
                   and other evidence to have been paid out of the
                   Special Account for eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
Page  10
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraph 6
(a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
