Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2432 MLI
                   Development Credit Agreement
                (Private Sector Assistance Project)
                              between
                         REPUBLIC OF MALI
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                      Dated January 11, 1993
                                           CREDIT NUMBER 2432 MLI
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated January 11, 1993, between REPUBLIC OF MALI
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS the Association has received a letter dated October
12, 1992, modified by a letter dated November 6, 1992, from the
Borrower describing a program of actions, objectives and policies
designed to promote the private sector (the Program), declaring the
Borrower's commitment to the execution of the Program;
      WHEREAS the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the
General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to an exchange of letters dated January 10, 1990, and
September 20, 1990, between the Borrower and the Association.
      (b)   "Special Accounts" means the accounts referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (c)   "APEP" means Association de Promotion de l'Entreprise
Privee, a professional association established by private business
entities to promote the development of the private sector in Mali;
      (d)   "BEP" means Bureau des Entreprises Publiques, an agency
of the Borrower responsible for supervising the Borrower's public
enterprises operations;
      (e)   "CCIM" means Chambre de Commerce et d'Industrie du Mali
of the Borrower;
      (f)   "CFAF" means the currency of the Borrower;
      (g)   "PMU" means the Project Management Unit;
      (h)   "Convention" means the Agreement, dated October 12,
1992, between the Borrower and APEP, as the same may be amended from
time to time, and such term includes the Manuel de Procedures of
APEP and all annexes to the Convention;
      (i)   "DNTCP" means Direction Nationale du Tresor et de la
Comptabilite Publique;
      (j)   "DNI" means Direction Nationale de l'Industrie; and
      (k)   "DNAE" means Direction Nationale des Affaires
Economiques.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in this
Agreement, an amount in various currencies equivalent to eight
million two hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 8,200,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in CFAF two separate special deposit accounts
(Special Account A, through APEP and Special Account B, through PMU)
each in a commercial bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to
Page  3
the Association, including appropriate protection against set-off,
seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, each
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance
shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1999, or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on May 15 and November 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each May 15 and November 15
commencing November 15, 2002, and ending May 15, 2032. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on May 15,
2012, shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
Page  4
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the French Republic is hereby
specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and, to this end:
      (a)   shall carry out Parts A, B.1 (ii), B.2 and C of the
Project with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative and commercial practices, and shall
provide, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and
other resources required for such Parts of the Project;
      (b)   shall carry out Parts B.1 (i) and D of the Project
through APEP, in accordance with the Convention, with due diligence
and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate administrative and
managerial practices, shall take or cause to be taken all action,
including the provision of funds, facilities, services and other
resources, necessary or appropriate to enable APEP to carry out
Parts B.1 (i) and D of the Project, and shall not take or permit to
be taken any action which would prevent or interfere with the
carrying out of Parts B.1 (i) and D of the Project by APEP;
      (c)   without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and, except as the Borrower and the Association
shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall carry out the Project in
accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 4
to this Agreement; and
      (d)   the Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
Convention in such manner as to protect the interests of the
Borrower and the Association and to accomplish the purposes of the
Credit, and except as the Association shall otherwise agree, the
Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive the Convention
or any provisions thereof.
      Section 3.02. The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
Convention to keep the position of Director General of APEP filled,
at all times, by a person having experience and qualifications
acceptable to the Borrower and the Association.
      Section 3.03. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall maintain PMU throughout the
implementation of the Project, with responsibilities and functions
satisfactory to the Association and with staff in adequate numbers
whose qualifications and professional experience shall be
satisfactory to the Association.
      Section 3.05. (a) The Borrower shall carry out a mid-term
review with the Association by April 30, 1995, to: (i) review the
progress achieved in the execution of the Project; (ii) evaluate the
Page  5
performance of APEP, its procedures and management and agree on cost
effectiveness measures eventually required; (iii) assess the degree
of satisfaction of private firms benefiting from APEP assistance,
(iv) review progress achieved in strengthening the financial sector;
and (v) review the evolution of key implementation monitoring
indicators referred to in Schedule 4 to this Agreement and recommend
corrective measures eventually required for further implementation
of the Project.
      (b)   In preparing for the said review, the Borrower shall, by
March 31, 1995, submit to the Association a detailed report prepared
by consultants acceptable to the Association assessing all facts
relevant to the execution of the Project.
      (c)   After the conclusion of the mid-term review, the
Borrower shall promptly implement all the recommendations resulting
from said review as agreed upon with the Association.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices the operations, resources and expenditures in respect of
Parts A, B and D of the Project of the departments or agencies of
the Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project or any part
thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section including those
                   for the Special Account B for each fiscal year
                   audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                   principles consistently applied, by independent
                   auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)    furnish to the Association, as soon as
                   available, but in any case not later than three
                   months after the end of each such year, a
                   certified copy of the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Association shall have reasonably
                   requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Association such other
                   information concerning said records, accounts
                   and the audit thereof as the Association shall
                   from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                   accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                   records and accounts reflecting such
                   expenditures;
           (ii)    retain, until at least one year after the
                   Association has received the audit report for
                   the fiscal year in which the last withdrawal
                   from the Credit Account or payment out of the
                   Special Account A was made, all records
                   (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts
                   and other documents) evidencing such
                   expenditures;
          (iii)    enable the Association's representatives to
                   examine such records; and
Page  6
           (iv)    ensure that such records and accounts are
                   included in the annual audit referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                   together with the procedures and internal
                   controls involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
      Section 4.02. (a) The Borrower shall cause APEP to maintain
records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices the operations, resources and expenditures in
respect of Parts B.1 (i) and D of the Project.
      (b)   The Borrower shall cause APEP to:
            (i)    have its records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) above and the records and accounts
                   for the Special Account A for each fiscal year
                   audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                   principles consistently applied, by independent
                   auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)    furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                   but in any case not later than three months
                   after the end of each such year (A) certified
                   copies of its financial statements for such year
                   as so audited, and (B) the report of such audit
                   by said auditors, of such scope and in such
                   detail as the Association shall have reasonably
                   requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Association such other
                   information concerning such records, accounts,
                   financial statements and the audit thereof as
                   the Association shall from time to time
                   reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account for Parts  B.1 (i) and D of the Project were
made on the basis of statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall
cause APEP to:
            (i)    maintain, in accordance with paragraph (a) of
                   this Section, records and accounts reflecting
                   such expenditures;
           (ii)    retain, until at least one year after the
                   Association has received the audit report for
                   the fiscal year in which the last withdrawal
                   from the Credit Account or payment out of the
                   Special Account A was made, all records
                   (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts
                   and other documents) evidencing such
                   expenditures;
          (iii)    enable the Association's representatives to
                   examine such records; and
           (iv)    ensure that such records and accounts are
                   included in the annual audit referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                   together with the procedures and internal
                   controls involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
Page  7
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   as a result of events which have occurred after the date
of this Agreement, a situation shall have arisen which shall make it
improbable that APEP will be able to perform its obligations under
the Convention;
      (b)   the Statutes of APEP shall have been amended, suspended,
abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially and
adversely the ability of APEP to perform any of its obligations
under the Convention;
      (c)   the Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment
of APEP, or for the suspension of its operations;
      (d)   the Borrower or APEP shall have failed to perform any of
their respective obligations under the Convention; and
      (e)   the Convention shall have been amended, suspended,
abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially and
adversely the Project or the performance by APEP of its obligations
under the Convention.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any event specified in paragraph (d) of Section 6.01 of
this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of thirty
(30) days after notice thereof shall have been given by the
Association to the Borrower; and
      (b)   any event specified in paragraphs (b), (c) or (e) of
Section 6.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of this Agreement within the meaning
of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   the Borrower has submitted to the Association a draft
training program satisfactory to the Association to be executed
during the first year of the implementation of the Project; and
      (b)   the Borrower has established, for the purposes of the
Project, an accounting system satisfactory to the Association
      Section 6.02. The following is specified as an additional
matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association, namely, that the Convention concluded
with APEP, pursuant to Section 3.01 (b) of this Agreement, has been
duly authorized or ratified by the Borrower and APEP and is legally
binding upon the Borrower and APEP in accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The minister responsible for finance of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
Page  8
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Economy, Finance and
              Planning
            Bamako
            Republic of Mali
                                           Telex:
                                             972559
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         REPUBLIC OF MALI
                         By /s/ Yassoungo Kone
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                         By /s/ Katherine Marshall
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1)   Civil works                 265,000       100%
(2)   Vehicles,                                 100%
      equipment and
      furniture:
      (a) through APEP             55,000
Page  9
      (b) through PMU             190,000
(3)   Consulting                2,200,000       75%
      services under
      Part B.1 (i) of
      the Project (APEP)
(4)   Consulting                                100%
      services and
      training:
      (a) through APEP            300,000
      (b) through PMU           2,600,000
                            Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(5)   Operating costs:
      (a) APEP                    770,000       100%
      (b) PMU                     500,000       100% before
                                                December 31, 1995,
                                                and 80% thereafter
(6)   Refunding of                600,000       Amounts due
      Project                                   pursuant to Sec-
      Preparation                               tion 2.02 (c) of
      Advance                                   this Agreement
(7)   Unallocated                 720,000
                                 ________
          TOTAL                 8,200,000
                                =========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule: (a) the term "Operating
costs" means incremental expenditures incurred in respect of items
such as salaries for local staff contracted for the purposes of the
Project, fuel, lubricants, maintenance and repair for vehicles and
equipment related to the Project, utility bills, office supplies,
travel costs and subsistence allowances for travel related to the
execution of the Project; and (b) the term "first three years" means
the first three-year period of Project implementation starting from
the Effective Date.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of: (i) payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement; and (ii) payments
made in respect of Part B.2 (ii) of the Project unless the
Association has received evidence satisfactory to it that CCIM has
been restructured in a way to guarantee its independence from the
Borrower's interference.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to: (a) assist the
Borrower's efforts to promote and foster the development of the
private sector as engine of economic growth; and (b) strengthen
private local organizations aimed at providing adequate business
services to private enterprises operating in the Borrower's
territories.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
Page  10
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Improvement of Business Institutional and Regulatory
            Framework
      Improvement and implementation of recent reforms of the
business institutional and regulatory environment including:
1.    consolidation of all legal and administrative procedures for
business starting up, into a single office (Guichet Unique), located
in an area easily accessible to business people;
2.    establishment and implementation of a new national accounting
scheme for private firms accounting (Plan Comptable General); and
3.    revision of Laws, regulations and procedures to promote sector
development, including legislation and regulations on bankruptcy.
Part B:     Institutional Support
1.    Business Support to Private Enterprises:
      (i)   support to non-financial private enterprises, including
            auditing and consulting firms, to upgrade, inter alia,
            their management policies and procedures, accounting,
            production technology, marketing and training of staff;
     (ii)   support to commercial banks in areas of: (a) audits and
            institutional diagnoses; (b) staff training in project
            appraisal and supervision; and (c) implementation of
            institutional development programs.
2.    Strengthening of Business Promotion and Regulations Agencies
      (i)   Strengthening capacity of BEP to: (a) prepare draft
            regulations on implementation modalities for privatizing
            public enterprises; (b) prepare terms of reference for
            retructuring public enterprise to be privatized; and (c)
            train its staff in valuing enterprises, and implementing
            privatization operations;
     (ii)   Strengthening of CCIM through, inter alia, the
            establishment of an adequate information management
            system; and
    (iii)   Training of DNAE and DNI staff, to strengthen their
            capacities to promote private sector development.
Part C:     Studies
1.    To explore options to deepen the financial system in the areas
of (a) urban mutual savings and credit schemes, and (b) financing of
housing.
2.    To prepare an overall financial strategy based, inter alia, on
the findings of studies under the proceeding subparagraph 1.
Part D:     Dissemination of Business Information
      Formulation and execution of a mass media program to
disseminate information pertaining to the objectives of the Project
and to acquaint the business community as to how to get access to
the resources available to them under the Project.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1999.
                            SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Page  11
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     Procurement Procedures
1.    Items or groups of items for works and goods estimated to cost
the equivalent of $100,000 or more per contract may be procured
under contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding,
advertised locally, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to
the Association.
2.    Items or groups of items for goods and maintenance services
estimated to cost the equivalent of $20,000 or less per contract, up
to an aggregate amount equivalent to $2,000,000, may be procured
under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations obtained from at least three suppliers eligible under the
Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the
Association.
3.    To the extent practicable, contracts for works and goods shall
be grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of
$100,000 or more.
Part B:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for works and goods
estimated to cost the equivalent of $100,000 or more, the procedures
set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines
shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made out of
the Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure
that the two conformed copies of the contract required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall
be furnished to the Association prior to the making of the first
payment out of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected
in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                      Implementation Program
Page  12
1.    Implementation.
      (a)   PMU will be responsible for: (i) the overall coor-
dination of the implementation of the Project; and (ii) the
implementation, in relation with DNAE, DNI, BEP, CCIM and DNTCP
respectively, of Parts A, B.1 (ii), B.2 and C of the Project; and
      (b)   APEP will implement Parts B.1 (i) and D of the Project.
2.    Key Implementation Monitoring Indicators.
      Monitoring of the implementation of the Project will be based,
inter alia, on the following indicators:
      (a)   Progress achieved in improving the legislative and
regulatory framework of business, and timely execution of measures
comprised in the Program;
      (b)   time-frame for adoption and implementation of a new
national accounting scheme for private enterprises;
      (c)   time-frame for the establishment of the Guichet Unique
and location of its offices in the regions;
      (d)   adoption and implementation of reforms in the areas of
bankruptcy and privatization;
      (e)   progress achieved in auditing and strengthening of
financial institutions;
      (f)   number and type of training activities undertaken; and
      (g)   cost effectiveness of APEP operation and management and
impact of its assistance to private enterprises.
      Quantitative monitoring indicators of the performance of APEP
will be agreed upon between the Association and the Borrower, not
later than December 31, 1992.
                            SCHEDULE 5
                         Special Accounts
1.     For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means: (i) for Special
Account A, Categories (2)(a), (3), (4)(a) and (5)(a) set forth in
the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and (ii)
for Special Account B, Categories (1), (2)(b), (4)(b) and (5)(b) set
forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocations" means an amount
equivalent to CFA 100,000,000 in respect of Special Account A and
CFA 100,000,000 in respect of Special Account B, to be withdrawn
from the Credit Account and deposited into the respective Special
Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Accounts shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Accounts have been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocations and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Accounts shall be made as follows:
Page  13
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocations, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the respective Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request
or requests, the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into the respective
Special Account such amount or amounts as the Borrower shall have
requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Accounts, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                  requests for deposits into the Special Accounts
                  at such intervals as the Association shall
                  specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the Special Accounts such amount as the Borrower
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                  by said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Accounts for eligible
                  expenditures.
      All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from
the Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in
the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by
said documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Accounts, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Accounts:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
respective Authorized Allocation.
      Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Accounts as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Accounts: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
Page  14
the Association (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request, or (B) deposit into the relevant Special
Account (or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the
Association) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the
portion thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association
shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Association into
the relevant Special Account shall be made until the Borrower has
provided such evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case
may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Accounts will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Accounts.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraph 6
(a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
