Page  1
                                                   CREDIT NUMBER 2104 MAG
                             Project Agreement
                 (Financial Sector and Private Enterprise
                           Development Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                    and
                     BANQUE CENTRALE DE LA REPUBLIQUE
                        DEMOCRATIQUE DE MADAGASCAR
                            Dated April 4, 1990
                                                   CREDIT NUMBER 2104 MAG
                             PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 4, 1990 between INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association) and BANQUE CENTRALE DE LA REPUBLIQUE
DEMOCRATIQUE DE MADAGASCAR (BCRDM).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date herewith
between Democratic Republic of Madagascar (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to lend to the Borrower an amount
in various currencies equivalent to thirty-six million four hundred thousand
Special Drawing Rights (SDR 36,400,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition that BCRDM
agree to undertake such obligations toward the Association as are set forth
in this Agreement; and
      (B)   by a Subsidiary Loan Agreement to be entered into between the
Borrower and BCRDM, part of the proceeds of the credit provided for under
the Development Credit Agreement will be made available to BCRDM on terms
and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS BCRDM, in consideration of the Association's entering into the
Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                                Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the Development Credit Agreement and in the General Conditions
(as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
Page  2
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project;
                    Management and Operations of BCRDM
      Section 2.01. (a) BCRDM declares its commitment to the objectives of
the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit Agreement
and, to this end, shall carry out Parts A and B of the Project and conduct
its operations and affairs, in accordance with sound financial standards and
practices, with qualified and experienced management and in accordance with
its Statutes.
      (b)   For the purposes of paragraph (a) of this Section BCRDM shall
establish and maintain a Project Management Unit whose terms of reference
shall be acceptable to the Association and whose staffing shall include a
senior level analyst as its chief reporting directly to the Director
General, an accountant/ financial analyst, both duly qualified and
experienced, and support staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and consultants' services required for Part B of
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit
Agreement.
      Section 2.03. For the purpose of carrying out Part A of the Project
BCRDM shall:
      (a)   carry out its obligations as specified in the Schedule to this
Agreement; and
      (b)   enter into Participation Agreements with Participating Financial
Institutions, acceptable to the Association, and whose financial statements
for the previous fiscal year were audited by independent auditors acceptable
to the Association and certified with no qualification for the purpose of
onlending the FMG equivalent of the proceeds of the Credit withdrawn under
Category 1 of the table set forth in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to the
Development Credit Agreement on terms and conditions, satisfactory to the
Association, which shall include:
            (i)   relending terms as specified in Section 3.03 (a) (v) of
                  the Development Credit Agreement;
            (ii)  the undertaking of the Participating Financial
                  Institution to make Sub-loans on the terms and conditions
                  set forth in Part B of the Schedule to this Agreement.
      Section 2.04. BCRDM shall exercise its rights in relation to each
Investment Project in such manner as to: (i) protect the interests of the
Association and of BCRDM; (ii) comply with its obligations under this
Agreement, the Subsidiary Loan Agreement and the Participation Agreements;
and (iii) achieve the purposes of the Project.
      Section 2.05. BCRDM shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions
(relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules,
records and reports, maintenance and land acquisition) in respect of the
Project Agreement and Parts A and B of the Project.
      Section 2.06. BCRDM shall duly perform all its obligations under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
BCRDM shall not take or concur in any action which would have the effect of
assigning, amending, abrogating or waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or
any provision thereof.
      Section 2.07. (a) BCRDM shall, at the request of the Association,
exchange views with the Association with regard to the progress of Parts A
and B of the Project, the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters
relating to the purposes of the Credit.
Page  3
      (b)   BCRDM shall promptly inform the Association of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of Parts A and
B of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit, or the
performance by BCRDM of its obligations under this Agreement and under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.08. By October 15, 1990, BCRDM shall implement the new money
market and rediscount mechanism, which shall include the introduction of the
system of "Appel d'Offre", the use of the rate established by such public
offerings as the general reference rate, the setting of an intervention band
for the interbank rate, the reorganization of the rediscount facility to
provide, inter alia, for the rediscount of treasury bills only, and the
introduction of a lender of last resort facility, acceptable to the
Association.
                                ARTICLE III
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) BCRDM shall maintain procedures and records adequate
to monitor and record the progress of the Project and of each Investment
Project (including its cost and the benefits to be derived from it) and to
reflect in accordance with consistently maintained sound accounting
practices its operations and financial condition in respect of Parts A and
B of the Project.
      (b)   BCRDM shall:
            (i)   have its records referred to in paragraph (a) of this
                  Section for each fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the Association;
            (ii)  furnish to the Association, as soon as available but in
                  any case not later than four months after the end of each
                  such year, the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association shall
                  have reasonably requested; and
            (iii) furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably request.
                                ARTICLE IV
                        Effective Date; Termination
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect on the
date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 4.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of BCRDM thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of the
following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit Agreement shall
                  terminate; or
            (ii)  a date twenty (20) years after the date of this
                  Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates before the date
specified in paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the Association shall
promptly notify BCRDM of this event.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall continue in
full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation or suspension under
the General Conditions.
                                 ARTICLE V
Page  4
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to be given
or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the parties
contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it shall be delivered
by hand or by mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to
which it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other addresses as such party shall
have designated by notice to the party giving such notice or making such
request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development     Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                       440098 (ITT)
                  Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA) or
                                                 64145 (WUI)
      For BCRDM:
            Banque Centrale de la Republique
               Democratique de Madagascar
            B.P. 550
            Antananarivo
            Madagascar
            Telex:
                  22-266 BCRM-MG
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken, and any
documents required or permitted to be executed, under this Agreement on
behalf of BCRDM may be taken or executed by its Governor, or by such other
person or persons as the Governor shall designate in writing, and BCRDM
shall furnish to the Association sufficient evidence of the authority and
the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts,
each of which shall be an original, and all collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly
authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in the District of Columbia, United States of America, as
of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Paul Isenman
                                           Acting Regional Vice President
                                                                   Africa
                  BANQUE CENTRALE DE LA REPUBLIQUE
                        DEMOCRATIQUE DE MADAGASCAR
                  By /s/ Blanchin Rajafinanjato
                                                Authorized Representative
Page  5
                                 SCHEDULE
                       Procedures for, and Terms and
                         Conditions of, Sub-loans
Part A.     Eligibility Criteria:
1.    Sub-loans will be made to finance Investment Projects for productive
activities (including industry, mining, agriculture) and service activities
(including transport, trade, public works, and tourism) with the exception
of the financing of land acquisition and real estate development.
2.    Sub-loans will finance: (i) fixed assets and associated working
capital for new operations, extensions and rehabilitations; and (ii) free-
standing working capital for viable existing Investment Enterprises in the
productive sector. BCRDM shall, through the Project Management Unit, ensure
that the aggregate of Sub-loans made for free-standing working capital shall
not exceed twenty-five percent (25%) of the aggregate total of Sub-loans
made under the Credit.
3.    Investment Enterprises will demonstrate that:
      (a)   Sub-loans above the equivalent of $100,000 have an expected
financial rate of return of at least twelve percent (12%) on total
Investment Project cost;
      (b)   Sub-loans for Investment Projects with a cost above the
equivalent of $500,000 have an internal economic rate of return of at least
twelve percent (12%) on total Investment Project cost; and
      (c)   in each case, the projected debt servicing capacity shall be no
less than 1.3 over the life of the Sub-loan and the debt to equity ratio
shall be no more than 3:1 unless the Association approved otherwise; such
ratio to be calculated on the basis of the Investment Enterprise's total
debt inclusive all debt incurred in respect of the Investment Project.
Part B.     Terms and Conditions of Sub-loans:
1.    Maturities:       From two years up to twelve years including a grace
                        period not exceeding three years, unless otherwise
                        approved by the Association.
      Interest Rate:    The on-lending rate as determined in accordance
                        with Section 3.03 (a) (v) of the Development Credit
                        Agreement plus a freely determined margin up to a
                        maximum spread of seven percentage points; such
                        maximum spread to be eliminated pursuant to the
                        provisions of paragraph 6 of Schedule 6 to the
                        Development Credit Agreement;
      Amount:           Maximum amount $4,000,000 equivalent. Sub-loans
                        could finance up to 80% of total cost of Investment
                        Projects for extension/ modernization or up to 70%
                        for new investments. Promoters of Investment
                        Projects will contribute a minimum financing of 20%
                        for extension/ modernization Investment Projects
                        and 30% for new investments.
2.    Sub-loans shall be made on terms whereby the respective PFI shall
obtain, by written contract with the Investment Enterprise or by other
appropriate legal means, rights adequate to protect the interests of the
Association, BCRDM and the PFI including, the right to:
      (a)   require the Investment Enterprise to carry out and operate the
Investment Project with due diligence and efficiency and in accordance with
sound technical, financial and managerial standards and to maintain adequate
records;
      (b)   require that: (i) the goods and services to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Credit shall be purchased at a reasonable price, account
being taken also of other relevant factors such as time of delivery and
Page  6
efficiency and reliability of the goods and availability of maintenance
facilities and spare parts therefor, and, in the case of services, of their
quality and the competence of the parties rendering them, provided, however,
that contracts for goods estimated to cost the equivalent of $2,000,000 or
more will be awarded in accordance with procedures consistent with those set
forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985 (International
Competitive Bidding); and (ii) such goods and services shall be used
exclusively in the carrying out of the Investment Project;
      (c)   inspect, by itself or jointly with representatives of the
Association if the Association shall so request, such goods, works, plants
and construction included in the Investment Project, the operation thereof,
and any relevant records and documents;
      (d)   require that: (i) the Investment Enterprise shall take out and
maintain with responsible insurers such insurance, against such risks and
in such amounts, as shall be consistent with sound business practice; and
(ii) without any limitation upon the foregoing, such insurance shall cover
hazards incident to the acquisition, transportation and delivery of goods
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit to the place of use or
installation, any indemnity thereunder to be made payable in a currency
freely usable by the Investment Enterprise to replace or repair such goods;
      (e)   obtain all such information as the Association or BCRDM shall
reasonably request relating to the foregoing and to the administration,
operations and financial condition of the Investment Enterprise and to the
benefits to be derived from the Investment Project; and
      (f)   suspend or terminate the right of the Investment Enterprise to
the use of the proceeds of the Credit upon failure by such Investment
Enterprise to perform its obligations under its contract with the respective
PFI.
Part C.     Approval Procedure:
1.    No Sub-loan granted by any PFI shall be eligible for refinancing by
BCRDM out of the proceeds of the Credit without the prior verification of
the Project Management Unit as to its eligibility and without the approval
of the Association. When presenting a Sub-loan for approval BCRDM shall
furnish to the Association application, in form satisfactory to the
Association, together with: (i) a description of the Investment Enterprise
and an appraisal of the Investment Project including a description of the
expenditures proposed to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit; (ii)
the proposed terms and conditions of the Sub-loan including the schedule of
amortization of the Sub-loan; and (iii) such other information as the
Association shall reasonably request. Once three Sub-loans above the
equivalent of $100,000 each for any PFI shall have been so approved,
however, the approval of the Association shall no longer be required for the
subsequent Sub-loans granted by any such PFI.
2.    When presenting a Sub-loan to the Association for authorization to
make withdrawals from the Credit Account, BCRDM shall furnish to the
Association an application, in form satisfactory to the Association,
together with: (i) a summary description of the Investment Enterprise and
the Investment Project including procurement procedures and a description
of the expenditures proposed to be financed out of the proceeds of the Sub-
loan; (ii) the proposed terms and conditions of the Sub-loan including its
schedule of amortization; and (iii) such other information as the
Association shall reasonably request.
3.    Request and applications made pursuant to paragraphs 1 and 2 of this
Part C shall be presented to the Association on or before December 31, 1995.
