Page  1
                                                     CONFORMED COPY
                                           CREDIT NUMBER  1886 YAR
       (Northern Regional Agricultural Development Project)
                              between
                        YEMEN ARAB REPUBLIC
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                       Dated August 4, 1988
                                           CREDIT NUMBER 1886 YAR
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated August 4, 1988, between YEMEN ARAB REPUBLIC
(the Borrower)  and  INTERNATIONAL  DEVELOPMENT  ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
     WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having  satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of  the  Project described in Schedule 2
to this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
          (B) Part C of the  Project  will  be carried out by The
Cooperative  and  Agricultural   Credit   Bank,   a  public  bank
established  and  operating  under   the  laws  of  the  Borrower
(hereinafter called CACB) with  the Borrower's assistance and, as
part of such assistance, the Borrower will make available to CACB
part of the proceeds of the Credit as provided in this Agreement;
          (C) the Borrower  intends  to  contract from the United
Nations Development Programme  a  grant  (the  UNDP  Grant) in an
amount of $3,400,000 to  assist  in  financing the Project on the
terms and conditions set forth  in an agreement (the UNDP Project
Document) to be entered into between the Borrower and UNDP; and
Page  2
     WHEREAS the  Association  has  agreed,  on  the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon
the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
     Section  1.01.   The   "General   Conditions  Applicable  to
Development  Credit   Agreements"   of   the  Association,  dated
January 1, 1985, with the  last  sentence of Section 3.02 deleted
(the General  Conditions)  constitute  an  integral  part of this
Agreement.
     Section 1.02.  Unless  the  context  otherwise requires, the
several terms  defined  in  the  General  Conditions  and  in the
Preamble to this Agreement  have  the respective meanings therein
set forth and the  following  additional terms have the following
meanings:
     (a)  "CACB Act" means CACB's  Act  No. 39 of l982 pertaining
to the establishment and operations of CACB;
     (b)  "Lending   Guidelines"   means   CACB's   policies  and
procedures applicable to  its  lending  activities in the Project
Area referred to in Section 2.02 (a) of the Project Agreement;
     (c)  "MAF" means the  Ministry  of Agriculture and Fisheries
of the Borrower;
     (d)  "Project Agreement"  means  the  agreement  between the
Association and CACB of even  date  herewith,  as the same may be
amended from time to time,  and  such term includes all schedules
to the Project Agreement  and  all agreements supplemental to the
Project Agreement;
     (e)  "Project Area"  means  an  area  of  about 3.76 million
hectares comprising the  Saadah  and  Hajjah Governorates and the
Northern portion of the Sana'a Governorate;
     (f)  "Project  Preparation   Advance"   means   the  project
preparation advance granted  by  the  Association to the Borrower
pursuant to an  exchange  of  letters  dated  October 6, 1987 and
November 4, 1987 between the Borrower and the Association;
     (g)  "SSHARDA"   means   the   Sanaa,   Saddah   and  Hajjah
Agricultural Regional  Development  Authority,  a semi-autonomous
government  authority   established   and   operating  under  the
Borrower's Law No. 17 of 1988;
     (h)  "Special Account"  means  the  account  referred  to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
     (i)  "Subsidiary Loan Agreement"  means  the agreement to be
entered into between the  Borrower  and  CACB pursuant to Section
3.01 (d) of this Agreement, as  the same may be amended from time
to time, and such term  includes  all schedules to the Subsidiary
Loan  Agreement;  the  term  "Subsidiary  Loan"  means  the  loan
provided under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
     (j)  "Scheme" means  any  specific  agricultural development
project which  is,  or  is  proposed  to  be,  carried  out  by a
Beneficiary utilizing the proceeds of a Sub-loan;
     (k)  "Sub-loan" means a loan made  or proposed to be made by
CACB to a Beneficiary for  a  Scheme  out  of the proceeds of the
Credit  made  available  to   CACB   under  the  Subsidiary  Loan
Agreement;
Page  3
     (l) "Beneficiary" means  any individual farmer, cooperative,
society, association, corporation or  other  entity to which CACB
proposes to make or has made a Sub-loan; and
     (m)  "Yemeni Rial" means the currency unit of the Borrower.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
     Section  2.01.  The  Association   agrees  to  lend  to  the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in
the Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent  to  twelve  million  five  hundred  thousand  Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 12,500,000).
     Section 2.02. (a) The amount  of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit  Account  in  accordance  with  the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this  Agreement  for  expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall  so  agree,  to  be  made)  in  respect  of the
reasonable cost of goods  and  services  required for the Project
described in Schedule 2 to this  Agreement and to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Credit.
     (b)  The Borrower shall,  for  the  purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in  dollars  a  special  account in the Central
Bank  of  Yemen  on  terms  and  conditions  satisfactory  to the
Association. Deposits  into,  and  payments  out  of, the Special
Account shall  be  made  in  accordance  with  the  provisions of
Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
     (c)  Promptly  after  the  Effective  Date,  the Association
shall, on  behalf  of  the  Borrower,  withdraw  from  the Credit
Account and  pay  to  itself  the  amount  required  to repay the
principal amount of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and
outstanding as  of  such  date  and  to  pay  all  unpaid charges
thereon. The unwithdrawn balance of  the authorized amount of the
Project Preparation Advance shall thereupon be cancelled.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1995 or
such  later  date  as   the   Association  shall  establish.  The
Association shall  promptly  notify  the  Borrower  of such later
date.
     Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower  shall pay to the Association
a commitment charge at the  rate  of one-half of one percent (1/2
of 1%) per  annum  on  the  principal  amount  of  the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time.   The commitment charge shall accrue
from a date sixty days  after  the date of the Development Credit
Agreement to  the  respective  dates  on  which  amounts shall be
withdrawn by the Borrower  from  the  Credit  Account or shall be
cancelled.
     (b)  The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as  the  Association  shall   reasonably  request;  (ii)  without
restrictions of any kind imposed by,  or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in  the  currency specified in this Agreement
for the purposes of Section 4.02  of the General Conditions or in
such other eligible currency  or  currencies  as may from time to
time be designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that
Section.
     Section 2.05. The Borrower  shall  pay  to the Association a
service charge at the rate  of  three-fourths of one percent (3/4
of 1%) per annum on the  principal amount of the Credit withdrawn
and outstanding from time to time.
     Section 2.06. Commitment  charges  and service charges shall
be payable semiannually on March 1 and September 1 in each year.
     Section 2.07. (a) Subject  to  paragraphs (b) and (c) below,
Page  4
the Borrower shall repay  the  principal  amount of the Credit in
semi-annual installments payable on each  March 1 and September 1
commencing March  1,  1998  and  ending  September  1, 2027. Each
installment  to  and   including   the   installment  payable  on
September 1, 2007 shall  be  one  percent  (1%) of such principal
amount, and each installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%)
of such principal amount.
     (b)  Whenever (i) the Borrower's  gross national product per
capita, as determined  by  the  Association,  shall have exceeded
$790 in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years and (ii)
the International Bank  for  Reconstruction  and Development (the
"Bank")  shall  consider  the   Borrower  creditworthy  for  Bank
lending,  the  Association  may,  subsequent  to  the  review and
approval thereof by  the  Executive  Directors of the Association
and after due consideration  by  them  of  the development of the
Borrower's economy, modify the terms of repayment of installments
under paragraph (a)  above  by  requiring  the  Borrower to repay
twice the amount of each  such  installment not yet due until the
principal amount of  the  Credit  shall  have  been repaid. If so
requested  by  the  Borrower,  the  Association  may  revise such
modification to include, in lieu  of  some or all of the increase
in the amounts of such  installments,  the payment of interest at
an annual  rate  agreed  with  the  Association  on the principal
amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time to time,
provided that, in the judgment  of the Association, such revision
shall not change  the  grant  element  obtained  under the above-
mentioned repayment modification.
     (c)  If, at any time after  a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph  (b)  above,  the  Association  determines  that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested  by the Borrower, further modify
the terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments
as provided in paragraph (a) above.
     Section 2.08. The currency  of  the United States of America
is hereby specified  for  the  purposes  of  Section  4.02 of the
General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
     Section 3.01. (a)  The  Borrower  declares its commitment to
the objectives of the Project as  set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end,  shall carry out the Project through
SSHARDA (except for Part C thereof, which shall be carried out by
CACB), with due diligence  and  efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate    agricultural,     engineering,    financial    and
administrative practices, and shall  provide, promptly as needed,
the funds, facilities, services  and other resources required for
the Project.
     (b)  Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and  except  as  the Borrower and the Association
shall otherwise agree, the  Borrower  shall carry out the Project
(except for Part C thereof) in accordance with the Implementation
Program set forth in Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
     (c)  Without any limitation or  restriction  upon any of its
other obligations under this  Agreement, the Borrower shall cause
CACB to perform in accordance  with the provisions of the Project
Agreement all the obligations  therein  set forth, shall take and
cause to be taken all  action,  including the provision of funds,
facilities,   services   and   other   resources,   necessary  or
appropriate to enable CACB to perform such obligations, and shall
not take or permit to be  taken any action which would prevent or
interfere with such performance.
     (d)  For the purpose of carrying  out Part C of the Project,
the Borrower shall make  available  to  CACB  the proceeds of the
Page  5
Credit allocated from time to  time  to Category (4) of the table
set forth in paragraph 1 of  Schedule 1 to this Agreement under a
subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into between the Borrower
and CACB, on terms and  conditions which shall have been approved
by  the  Association,   including,   inter  alia,  the  following
principal terms and conditions:  (A)  the principal amount of the
Subsidiary Loan repayable  by  CACB  shall  be  the equivalent in
Yemeni Rials (determined as of the respective dates of withdrawal
from the Loan Account or  payment  out of the Special Account) of
amounts withdrawn under Category (4);  (B) interest shall be at a
rate of  2%  per  annum  on  the  principal  amount withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time; and (C) repayment of the principal
amount of the Subsidiary Loan  withdrawn and outstanding shall be
made in forty equal  semiannual  installments, starting on a date
five years after the date of  the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or on
the date the proceeds  of  the  Credit allocated to said Category
(4) have been fully disbursed, whichever shall be the earlier.
     (e)  The  Borrower  shall  exercise  its  rights  under  the
Subsidiary Loan  Agreement  in  such  manner  as  to  protect the
interests of the Borrower  and  the Association and to accomplish
the purposes of the Credit,  and  except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower  shall  not assign, amend, abrogate
or waive the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
     Section 3.02.  Except  as  the  Association  shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the  goods, works and consultants' services
required for the Project and  to  be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit (other than  Part  C (3) thereof) shall be governed
by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
     Section 3.03. After completion of  Parts  A,  B and D of the
Project, the Borrower shall:
     (a)  at all  times  operate  and  maintain,  or  cause to be
operated and maintained,  the  facilities  provided thereunder in
accordance with  appropriate  practices  and  with  due regard to
economy; and
     (b)  provide adequate resources,  including the provision of
funds through annual budgetary allocations, to cover the costs of
operating and maintaining such facilities.
     Section 3.04.  The  Borrower  shall  ensure  that selection,
handling and use  of  plant  protection  chemicals in the Project
Area comply with guidelines satisfactory to the Association.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower  shall cause SSHARDA and CACB
to maintain in  accordance  with  sound  accounting practices (i)
adequate records and  accounts  on  the  operations and financial
condition of SSHARDA and  CACB  and (ii) separate Project records
and accounts adequate to  reflect their operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of the Project.
     (b)  The Borrower shall cause SSHARDA and CACB to:
          (i)  have their accounts, including the separate Project
               accounts, and financial statements (balance sheets,
               statements  of  income  and  expenses  and  related
               statements, and the revolving  funds referred to in
               paragraph 2 of Schedule 4  to this Agreement and in
               Section 2.09  of  the  Project  Agreement) for each
               fiscal year audited, in accordance with appropriate
               auditing   principles   consistently   applied,  by
               independent auditors acceptable to the Association;
         (ii)  furnish to the  Association,  as soon as available,
               but in any case  not  later  than nine months after
Page  6
               the end of each such  year, (A) certified copies of
               their financial  statements  for  such  year  as so
               audited, and (B) the  certified  copy of the report
               of such audit by  said  auditors, of such scope and
               in  such  detail  as  the  Association  shall  have
               reasonably requested; and
        (iii)  furnish to the  Association  such other information
               concerning the  accounts,  financial  statements of
               SSHARDA and CACB  and  the  audit  thereof and said
               records as the Association  shall from time to time
               reasonably request.
         Section  4.02  (a)   For all expenditures with respect to
which withdrawals from the Loan Account  were made on the basis of
statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
          (i)  maintain or cause  to  be  maintained in accordance
               with  sound   accounting   practices,  records  and
               accounts reflecting such expenditures;
         (ii)  ensure  that   all   records   (contracts,  orders,
               invoices,  bills,  receipts  and  other  documents)
               evidencing such expenditures  are retained until at
               least one year  after  the Association has received
               the audit report for  the  fiscal year in which the
               last withdrawal from the Loan Account was made; and
        (iii)  enable the Association's representatives to examine
               such records.
     (b)  The Borrower shall:
          (i)  have  the  records  and  accounts  for  the Special
               Account for each fiscal year audited, in accordance
               with appropriate  auditing  principles consistently
               applied, by independent  auditors acceptable to the
               Association;
        (ii)   furnish to the  Association  as  soon as available,
               but in any case  not  later  than nine months after
               the end of each such  year the report of such audit
               by said auditors, of such  scope and in such detail
               as the Association shall have reasonably requested,
               including a separate opinion by said auditors as to
               whether  the  statements  of  expenditure submitted
               during  such   fiscal   year,   together  with  the
               procedures and internal  controls involved in their
               preparation, can  be  relied  upon  to  support the
               related withdrawals; and
        (iii)  furnish to the  Association  such other information
               concerning the said  records  and  accounts and the
               audit thereof as the Association shall from time to
               time reasonably request.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
     Section 5.01. Pursuant  to  Section  6.02  (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
     (a)  CACB shall have failed to perform any of its obligations
under the Project Agreement.
     (b)  As a result of events which have occurred after the date
of this Agreement,  an  extraordinary  situation shall have arisen
which shall make it improbable  that  CACB will be able to perform
its obligations under the Project Agreement.
     (c)  The  CACB  Act  shall   have  been  amended,  suspended,
Page  7
abrogated, repealed  or  waived  so  as  to  affect materially and
adversely the ability of  CACB  to  perform any of its obligations
under the Project Agreement.
     (d)  The Borrower or any  other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any  action  for the dissolution or disestablish-
ment of CACB or for the suspension of its operations.
     (e)  (i)  Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph, the
               right of the Borrower  to  withdraw the proceeds of
               the  UNDP  Grant  made  to  the  Borrower  for  the
               financing of the Project shall have been suspended,
               cancelled  or  terminated  in  whole  or  in  part,
               pursuant to the terms of the UNDP Project Document;
         (ii)  Subparagraph (i) of this  paragraph shall not apply
               if the Borrower establishes  to the satisfaction of
               the   Association   that:   (A)   such  suspension,
               cancellation or termination  is  not  caused by the
               failure of  the  Borrower  to  perform  any  of its
               obligations under the UNDP  Grant; and (B) adequate
               funds for the Project are available to the Borrower
               from  other   sources   on   terms  and  conditions
               consistent with  the  obligations  of  the Borrower
               under this Agreement.
     Section 5.02. Pursuant  to  Section  7.01  (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
     (a)   any  event  specified  in  paragraphs  (a)  and  (c) of
Section 5.01 of this Agreement  shall occur and shall continue for
a period of 60 days after  notice thereof shall have been given by
the Association to the Borrower and CACB; and
     (b) any event specified in  paragraph  (d) of Section 5.01 of
this Agreement shall occur.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
     Section  6.01.  The   following   events   are  specified  as
additional conditions  to  the  effectiveness  of  the Development
Credit Agreement within the  meaning  of  Section 12.01 (b) of the
General Conditions:
     (a)  the  Subsidiary  Loan  Agreement  has  been  executed on
behalf of the Borrower and CACB;
     (b)  the UNDP Project Document has been duly signed on behalf
of  the  parties   thereto   and   conditions   precedent  to  the
effectiveness of such agreement or to the right of the Borrower to
make withdrawals thereunder, if any, save for the effectiveness of
this Agreement, have been fulfilled; and
     (c) the credit coordinator referred to in Section 3.02 (a) of
the  Project  Agreement  shall  have  been  appointed  by  CACB in
accordance with the provisions thereof.
     Section  6.02.  The  following  are  specified  as additional
matters, within the meaning  of  Section  12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to  be  included  in  the  opinion  or  opinions to be
furnished to the Association:
     (a)  that the Project Agreement  has  been duly authorized or
ratified by CACB, and  executed  and  delivered on behalf of, CACB
and is legally binding upon CACB in accordance with its terms; and
     (b)  that  the  Subsidiary  Loan   Agreement  has  been  duly
authorized or ratified by,  and  executed  and delivered on behalf
of, the Borrower and  CACB,  respectively,  and is legally binding
upon the Borrower and CACB in accordance with its terms.
Page  8
     Section 6.03. The date 120 days after the date of this Agree-
ment is hereby specified for the  purposes of Section 12.04 of the
General Conditions.
     Section 6.04.  The  obligations  of  the  Borrower  under the
provisions of  Section  5.02  of  this  Agreement  shall cease and
determine on the date  on  which  the Development Credit Agreement
shall terminate or on the date twenty-five years after the date of
this Agreement, whichever shall be the earlier.
                            ARTICLE VII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 7.01. The Minister of Development and Chairman of the
Central Planning Organization  of  the  Borrower  is designated as
representative of the Borrower  for  the purposes of Section 11.03
of the General Conditions.
     Section 7.02. The following  addresses  are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
          Central Planning Organization
          P.O. Box 175
          Sana'a
          Yemen Arab Republic
          Cable address:                      Telex:
                CENPLAN                         2266 CENPLAN YE
                Sana'a
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:                      Telex:
                INDEVAS                          440098 (ITT),
                Washington, D.C.                 248423 (RCA) or
                                                  64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the  parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have  caused this Agreement to be
signed in their  respective  names  in  the  District of Columbia,
United States of  America,  as  of  the  day  and year first above
written.
                          YEMEN ARAB REPUBLIC
                          By /s/ Mohsin Alaini
                                         Authorized Representative
                          INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                          By /s/ Ardy Stoutjesdijk
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                              Europe, Middle East and North Africa
Page  9
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.   The table below  sets  forth  the  Categories  of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of  the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the  Credit  to  each  Category  and  the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                            Amount of the
                          Credit Allocated            % of
                            (Expressed in         Expenditures
     Category              SDR Equivalent)       to be Financed
(1) Civil works:                                 45%
    (a) under                    2,010,000
        Parts A (1),
        B (1) and B (3)
    (b) under                      140,000
        Part C (3)
    (c) under                      710,000
        Part D (1)
(2) Vehicles,                                    100% of foreign
    equipment and                                expenditures,
    machinery:                                   and 80% of
                                                 local expendi-
                                                 tures
    (a) under                    2,650,000
        Parts A (3),
        B (4) and B (5)
    (b) under                      140,000
        Part C (3)
                          Amount of the
                          Credit Allocated            % of
                            (Expressed in         Expenditures
     Category              SDR Equivalent)       to be Financed
(3) Fertilizers                  2,120,000       100% of foreign
    and plant                                    expenditures,
    protection                                   and 80% of
    chemicals                                    local expendi-
    under Part C (4)                             tures
(4) Sub-loans                    1,550,000       65% of amounts
    under Part C (1)                             disbursed by CACB
(5) Technical                    2,120,000       100% of foreign
    Assistance                                   expenditures
(6) Refunding of                   280,000       Amount due pur-
    Project Prepara-                             suant to Section
    tion Advance                                 2.02 (c) of this
                                                 Agreement
(7) Unallocated                    780,000
                                __________
         TOTAL                  12,500,000
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
Page  10
     (a)  the  term  "foreign  expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country  other  than  that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower; and
     (b)  the term "local  expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower  or  for  goods or services supplied from
the territory of the Borrower.
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no with-
drawals shall be made in respect  of: (a) payments made for expen-
ditures prior to the date  of this Agreement; and (b) expenditures
under Category (3)  above,  until  the  Association has received a
list of plant protection  chemicals  and  guidelines for their use
acceptable to the Association.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
     The objectives of  the  Project  are to increase agricultural
productivity within  the  Project  Area,  to  develop agricultural
resources, to provide agricultural  credit  and raise farm income,
and  to   strengthen   institutional   capabilities  for  regional
extension activities and  operations  and maintenance services for
the Project Area.
     The Project consists of the  following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof  as  the  Borrower  and  the Association may
agree upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:   SSHARDA Headquarters, Offices, Operation and Maintenance
     The establishment of  a  regional structure for agricultural
development in the Project Area, consisting of:
     1.  Construction of headquarters  for  SSHARDA  at Amran and
         three sub-regional offices at Saadah, Hajjah and Sana'a.
     2.  Establishment  of  permanent  operation  and maintenance
         units at headquarters and  provision of mobile units for
         SSHARDA branch offices.
     3.  Provision of equipment,  furnishings, vehicles and spare
         parts for  SSHARDA  and  for  operation  and maintenance
         activities.
Part B:  Agricultural Extension Services
     The establishment of agricultural  extension services in the
Project Area, consisting of:
     1.  Construction of extension centers, block centers, demon-
         stration farms, and training centers.
     2.  Establishment of a nucleus  research  station in the Al-
         Baun area.
     3.  Provision of veterinary services  to provide for routine
         vaccination,  parasite  control,  animal  treatment  and
         collection of disease information.
     4.  Establishment and upgrading of plant nurseries.
     5.  Provision of  equipment,  vehicles  and  spare parts for
         agricultural extension services in the Project Area.
Part C:  Agricultural Credit and Farm Inputs
     The development and implementation  of  a program to provide
credit  for   financing   of   irrigation  improvements,  on-farm
Page  11
investments, orchards and  other  agricultural development in the
Project Area and to provide farm inputs therefor, comprising:
     1.  Provision  by  CACB  of  medium-term  credit  within the
         Project  Area  through  Sub-loans  to  Beneficiaries for
         Schemes for agricultural development.
     2.  Development by CACB of appropriate procedures for credit
         evaluation  and  assistance  to  agricultural  extension
         programs in block centers to improve credit operations.
     3.  Strengthening of CACB's  operations  in the Project Area
         through provision of  buildings, furniture, vehicles and
         equipment.
     4.  Import of  fertilizers  and  plant protection chemicals,
         and sale thereof to traders, agencies and farmers in the
         Project Area.
Part D:  Irrigation Development
     The development of water  resources within the Project Area,
through the:
     1.  Identification  of  locations  for  and  construction of
         recharge dams and spate breakers to regulate water flows
         and to improve availability  of water within the Project
         Area.
     2.  Investigation of the feasibility  of, and preparation of
         preliminary designs and cost  estimates for, the further
         expansion of water  resource  management, check dams and
         wadi improvement in the Project Area.
     3.  Establishment of  rainfall,  streamflow  and groundwater
         measuring stations in the Project Area.
Part E:  Technical Assistance and Training
     Provision of technical assistance  and training for carrying
out the Project, consisting of:
     1.  Provision  of  technical  assistance  in  the  areas  of
         management,   agricultural   development,   agricultural
         extension,  animal  husbandry  and  veterinary services,
         rural  development   for   women,  engineering  support,
         irrigation  improvement  and  operation  and maintenance
         services.
     2.  Provision of local  training  in project-related techno-
         logy and methodology and overseas training in irrigation
         engineering, water  resources,  agricultural development
         and   management,   and    operation   and   maintenance
         engineering for Mareb Dam staff.
                             *   *   *
     The Project is  expected  to  be  completed  by December 31,
1994.
                            SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:  International Competitive Bidding
1.   Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under  contracts  awarded  in  accordance with procedures
consistent with those  set  forth  in  Sections  I  and  II of the
"Guidelines for  Procurement  under  IBRD  Loans  and IDA Credits"
Page  12
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.   To the  extent  practicable,  contracts  for  goods  shall be
grouped in  bid  packages  estimated  to  cost  the  equivalent of
$100,000 or more each.
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in  Part  A  hereof,  goods  manufactured  in Yemen Arab
Republic may be granted a margin of preference in accordance with,
and subject to, the provisions of  paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the
Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Local competitive bidding:
     Contracts for works estimated  to  cost the equivalent of not
more than $400,000 per  contract  and $4,350,000 in the aggregate,
or for goods estimated  to  cost  the  equivalent of not more than
$50,000 per contract and $500,000 in the aggregate, may be awarded
on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accor-
dance with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.   Local Shopping:
     Contracts for vehicles  estimated  to  cost the equivalent of
not more than $100,000  in  the  aggregate  may  be awarded on the
basis of comparison of  price  quotations  solicited from at least
three suppliers eligible under  the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Association.
Part D:  Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each  contract for civil works estimated
to cost the equivalent of  $200,000  or  more, and with respect to
each contract  for  goods  estimated  to  cost  the  equivalent of
$100,000 or more, the procedures  set  forth in paragraphs 2 and 4
of Appendix 1 to  the  Guidelines  shall apply. Where payments for
such contract are to  be  made  out  of  the Special Account, such
procedures shall be  modified  to  ensure  that  the two conformed
copies of the contract required to be furnished to the Association
pursuant to  said  paragraph  2  (d)  shall  be  furnished  to the
Association prior to the making  of  the  first payment out of the
Special Account in respect of such contract.
     (b)  With  respect  to  each  contract  not  governed  by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set  forth in paragraphs 3 and
4 of Appendix 1 to the  Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for
such contract are to  be  made  out  of  the Special Account, such
procedures shall be  modified  to  ensure  that  the two conformed
copies  of  the  contract  together  with  the  other  information
required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to said para-
graph 3 shall  be  furnished  to  the  Association  as part of the
evidence to be furnished pursuant to  paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to
this Agreement.
     (c)  The provisions of  the  preceding  subparagraphs (a) and
(b) shall not apply to contracts  on account of which the Associa-
tion has authorized  withdrawals  from  the  Credit Account on the
basis  of  statements  of  expenditure.  Such  contracts  shall be
retained in accordance with Section  4.01  (c) (ii) of this Agree-
ment.
2.   The figure of 15% is  hereby  specified for purposes of para-
graph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.   Employment of Consultants
Page  13
     In order to assist  the  Borrower  in  the carrying out Parts
A (1), A (2), B (1), B  (2),  B  (3), B (4), and E of the Project,
the  Borrower  shall   employ  consultants  whose  qualifications,
experience  and  terms  and  conditions  of  employment  shall  be
satisfactory  to  the  Association.   Such  consultants  shall  be
selected in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory
to the Association on the basis  of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World  Bank  Borrowers  and  by  The  World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                      Implementation Program
1.   MAF shall appoint  a  Technical  Committee  to monitor and to
coordinate  the  provision  of  credit  and  fertilizer  and plant
protection chemicals in the  Project Area. The Technical Committee
shall consist of the Chairman  of SSHARDA, the Director General of
CACB, Directors  of  CACB's  Sana'a,  Hajjah  and Saadah Branches,
Directors of  SSHARDA's  Sana'a,  Hajjah  and  Saadah sub-regional
offices, and the Credit  Coordinator  referred  to in Section 3.02
(a) of the Project Agreement.    The  Chairman of SSHARDA shall be
the head of  the  Advisory  Committee,  and the Credit Coordinator
shall  be  its  secretary.  The  Technical  Committee  shall  meet
quarterly.
2.   The  Borrower  shall  cause   the  nurseries  financed  under
Part B (4) of the Project to  sell fruit tree seedlings at a price
adequate to recover production costs.  The proceeds of the sale of
fruit tree seedlings shall be promptly transferred to SSHARDA into
a revolving fund to be  established  by  December 31, 1989 for the
operation of such nurseries and SSHARDA shall maintain records and
accounts adequate to reflect the operation of such revolving fund.
3.   SSHARDA shall provide to  the  Association for its review and
comments, by January 1, 1989, a detailed training program for Part
E of the  Project,  which  shall  include  curricula for local and
foreign training  in  project-related  technology and methodology,
and thereafter shall carry  out  such  program  as shall have been
approved by UNDP and  the  Association  in  accordance with a time
schedule satisfactory to the Borrower and the Association.
4.   SSHARDA shall provide to  the  Association for its review and
comments,  by  October  1,  1988,   or  such  later  date  as  the
Association shall  agree,  terms  of  reference  for  a  system to
monitor and evaluate the impact of the Project, including baseline
data on stratification of  landholders  and  farm units by farming
system,  and  detailed   summary   of   resources,  potential  and
constraints.
5.   Without limitation upon the provisions of Section 9.06 of the
General Conditions, the Borrower  shall provide to the Association
for its review and comments, by  February 28 and August 31 of each
year,  semiannual   progress   reports   in   form  and  substance
satisfactory to the  Association,  covering the semiannual periods
ending December 31 and June 30, respectively.
6.   The Borrower shall provide to  the Association for its review
and comments by  December  31,  1991  the  findings  of a mid-term
review and  the  recommendations  based  thereon.  Thereafter, the
Borrower  shall  cause   SSHARDA   and   CACB  to  implement  such
recommendations  on  the  basis   of  the  Association's  comments
thereon.
                            SCHEDULE 5
                          Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term  "eligible  Categories"  means  Categories (1),
Page  14
(2), (3), (4), (5) and (6)  set  forth in the table in paragraph 1
of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
     (b)  the term "eligible  expenditures"  means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost  of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed  out  of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated  from  time  to  time  to  the  eligible  Categories  in
accordance with the provisions  of  Schedule  1 to this Agreement;
and
     (c)  the  term  "Authorized   Allocation"   means  an  amount
equivalent to SDR 705,000 to  be withdrawn from the Credit Account
and deposited in the Special  Account  pursuant to paragraph 3 (a)
of this Schedule.
2.   Except as the Association shall otherwise agree, payments out
of the Special  Account  shall  be  made  exclusively for eligible
expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this Schedule.
3.   After the Association  has  received evidence satisfactory to
it that the Special Account  has  been duly opened, withdrawals of
the Authorized Allocation and  subsequent withdrawals to replenish
the Special Account may be made as follows:
     (a)  On the basis of  a  request  or requests by the Borrower
for a deposit or deposits which  add up to the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation, the Association shall, on behalf of the
Borrower, withdraw from  the  Credit  Account  and  deposit in the
Special Account such amount or  amounts as the Borrower shall have
requested.
     (b)  The Borrower shall  furnish  to the Association requests
for replenishment of the Special  Account at such intervals as the
Association shall specify.  On  the  basis  of  such requests, the
Association shall withdraw  from  the  Credit  Account and deposit
into the Special  Account  such  amounts  as  shall be required to
replenish the  Special  Account  with  amounts  not  exceeding the
amount of payments made  out  of  the Special Account for eligible
expenditures. All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Associa-
tion from the Credit Account under the respective eligible Catego-
ries, and in the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been
justified by the evidence supporting  the request for such deposit
furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule.
4.   For each payment  made  by  the  Borrower  out of the Special
Account for which the  Borrower requests replenishment pursuant to
paragraph 3 (b) of  this  Schedule,  the Borrower shall furnish to
the Association, prior to  or  at  the  time of such request, such
documents and other evidence  as  the Association shall reasonably
request, showing that such payment  was made for eligible expendi-
tures.
5.   (a)  Notwithstanding the provisions  of  paragraph  3 of this
Schedule, no further  deposit  into  the  Special Account shall be
made by the Association  when  either  of the following situations
first arises:
          (i)  the  Association  shall  have  determined  that all
               further withdrawals should be  made by the Borrower
               directly from the Credit Account in accordance with
               the provisions of Article  V  of the General Condi-
               tions and paragraph  (a)  of  Section  2.02 of this
               Agreement; or
         (ii)  the total unwithdrawn  amount  of  the Credit allo-
               cated to the  eligible  Categories minus the amount
               of any outstanding  special commitment entered into
               by the Association pursuant  to Section 5.02 of the               
General Conditions  with  respect  to  the Project,
               shall be  equal  to  the  equivalent  of  twice the
               amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Page  15
     (b)  Thereafter, withdrawal from  the  Credit  Account of the
remaining  unwithdrawn  amount  of  the  Credit  allocated  to the
eligible Categories shall follow  such  procedures as the Associa-
tion shall specify by notice  to  the Borrower. Such further with-
drawals shall be made only after  and to the extent that the Asso-
ciation shall have been satisfied  that all such amounts remaining
on deposit in the Special  Account  as  of the date of such notice
will be utilized in making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.   (a)  If the Association  shall  have  determined  at any time
that any payment out of the  Special  Account (i) was made for any
expenditure or in any amount  not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2
of this  Schedule,  or  (ii)  was  not  justified  by the evidence
furnished pursuant to paragraph  4  of this Schedule, the Borrower
shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, deposit into the
Special Account (or, if  the  Association shall so request, refund
to the Association) an amount equal  to the amount of such payment
or the portion thereof  not  so  eligible or justified. No further
deposit by the Association into  the Special Account shall be made
until the Borrower has made such deposit or refund.
     (b)  If the Association  shall  have  determined  at any time
that any amount outstanding  in  the  Special  Account will not be
required to cover further  payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon  notice from the Association, refund
to the Association such  outstanding  amount  for crediting to the
Credit Account.
