Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                 CREDIT NUMBER 2240 PAK
                (Family Health Project)
                        between
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                               and
                   PROVINCE OF SINDH
                          and
              NORTHWEST FRONTIER PROVINCE
                  Dated July 8, 1991
                                 CREDIT NUMBER 2240 PAK
                   PROJECT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated July 8, 1991, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and PROVINCE OF
SINDH AND NORTHWEST FRONTIER PROVINCE acting by their
respective Governors (hereinafter referred to as Sindh
and NWFP, respectively, and collectively as the
Provinces).
     WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of
even date herewith between Islamic Republic of Pakistan
(the Borrower) and the Association, the Association has
agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to thirty-one million eight
hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 31,800,000),
on the terms and conditions set forth in the Development
Credit Agreement, but only on condition that the
Provinces agree to undertake such obligations toward the
Association as are set forth in this Agreement;
Page  2
     (B)  the proceeds of the credit provided for under
the Development Credit Agreement (with the exception of
the amount allocated for Part C of the Project) will be
made available to the Provinces; and
     WHEREAS the Provinces, in consideration of the
Association's entering into the Development Credit
Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
                      Definitions
     Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the Development Credit
Agreement, the Preamble to this Agreement and in the
General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                      ARTICLE II
               Execution of the Project
     Section 2.01. (a) The Provinces declare their
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit Agreement, and,
to this end, shall carry out their respective activities
under the Project with due diligence and efficiency and
in conformity with appropriate administrative, financial,
engineering and public health practices, and shall
provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for the Project.
     (b)  Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section and except as the
Association and the Provinces shall otherwise agree, the
Provinces shall carry out the Project in accordance with
the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement.
     Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods, works and
consultants' services required for the Project (except
Part C (2) thereof) and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
     Section 2.03. The Provinces shall, each in respect
of its activities under the Project, carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to
insurance, use of goods and services, plans and
schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively).
     Section 2.04. (a) The Provinces shall, at the
request of the Association, exchange views with the
Association with regard to the progress of the Project,
the performance of their obligations under this Agreement
and other matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
     (b)  The Provinces shall promptly inform the
Association of any condition which interferes or
threatens to interfere with the progress of the Project,
the accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit, or the
performance by the Provinces of their obligations under
this Agreement.
Page  3
                      ARTICLE III
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 3.01. (a) The Provinces shall maintain
records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices their operations and
financial condition in respect of the Project.
     (b)  The Provinces shall:
          (i)  have such records and accounts for each
               fiscal year audited, in accordance with
               appropriate auditing principles
               consistently applied, by independent
               auditors acceptable to the Association;
          (ii) furnish to the Association as soon as
               available, but in any case not later than
               nine months after the end of each such
               year, the report of such audit by said
               auditors, of such scope and in such
               detail as the Association shall have
               reasonably requested; and
         (iii) furnish to the Association such other
               information concerning said records and
               accounts and the audit thereof, as the
               Association shall from time to time
               reasonably request.
                      ARTICLE IV
             Effective Date; Termination;
              Cancellation and Suspension
     Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Development Credit
Agreement becomes effective.
     Section 4.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations
of the Association and of the Provinces thereunder shall
terminate on the earlier of the following two dates:
          (i)  the date on which the Development Credit
               Agreement shall terminate in accordance
               with its terms; or
          (ii) the date 20 years after the date of this
               Agreement.
     (b)  If the Development Credit Agreement terminates
in accordance with its terms before the date specified in
paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the Association shall
promptly notify the Provinces of this event.
     Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions.
                       ARTICLE V
               Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
Page  4
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS               197688 (TRT),
               Washington, D.C.      248423 (RCA),
                                      64145 (WUI) or
                                      82987 (FTCC)
     For Sindh:
          Planning and Development Department
          Government of Sindh
          Karachi, Pakistan
          Cable address:
               DEVELOPMENT SINDH
               Karachi, Pakistan
     For NWFP:
          Planning and Development Department
          Government of North-West Frontier Province
          Peshawar, Pakistan
          Cable address:
               DEVELOPMENT
               Peshawar, Pakistan
     Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of either
Province, or by a Province on behalf of the Borrower
under the Development Credit Agreement, may be taken or
executed by the Additional Chief Secretary (Development),
Planning and Development Department or such other person
or persons as said Additional Chief Secretary shall
designate in writing, and the Provinces shall furnish to
the Association sufficient evidence of the authority and
the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
     Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/ Michael H. Wiehen
Page  5
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                   Europe, Middle East and North Africa
               PROVINCE OF SINDH
               By /s/ Arshad Farooq
                              Authorized Representative
               NORTHWEST FRONTIER PROVINCE
               By /s/ Arshad Farooq
                              Authorized Representative
                      SCHEDULE 1
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
     Except as provided in Part D hereof, goods shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I
and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985
(the Guidelines).
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured
in Pakistan may be granted a margin of preference in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs
1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Contracts for works may be awarded on the basis of
competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance
with procedures satis- factory to the Association.
2.   Goods, other than vehicles, estimated to cost the
equivalent of less than $200,000 per contract up to an
aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent of
$2,500,000 may be procured under contracts awarded on the
basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the
Association.
3.   About six vehicles estimated to cost an aggregate
amount not to exceed the equivalent of $100,000, and
other sundry items of goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of less than $50,000 per contract up to an
aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent of
$1,500,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of comparison of price quotations solicited
from a list of at least three suppliers eligible under
the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Association.
4.   Medical equipment, estimated to cost an aggregate
amount not to exceed the equivalent of $2,000,000, may be
procured from the United Nations Children Fund (UNICEF)
under arrangements satisfactory to the Association.
Page  6
Part D:   Review by the Association of Procurement
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to the first contract for works to
be awarded in each of the Provinces and thereafter each
contract for works estimated to cost the equivalent of
$100,000 or more, and each contract for goods estimated
to cost the equivalent of $100,000 or more, the
procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1
to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of a Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished
to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall
be furnished to the Association prior to the making of
the first payment out of the Special Account in respect
of such contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of a Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the Association as part
of the evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4
of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit Agreement.
     (c)  The provisions of the preceding subparagraph
(b) shall not apply to contracts on account of which the
Bank has authorized withdrawals on the basis of
statements of expenditure.
2.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist the Provinces in the carrying out
of their respective activities under the Project, the
Provinces shall each employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Association. Such
consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by The World Bank
as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August
1981.
                      SCHEDULE 2
                Implementation Program
A.   Management and Supervision of the Project
     For the purposes of coordinating and providing
overall guidance in Project implementation, the Provinces
shall each establish under its Health Secretary, not
later than December 31, 1991, a Steering Committee,
composed of senior officials and representatives of
universities and relevant non-governmental organizations,
which shall meet regularly to review progress in Project
implementation in its Province and to recommend actions
required at the Provincial level to facilitate such
implementation.
Page  7
B.   Responsibilities for Project Implementation
     Each Province shall establish, by January 31, 1992,
under a suitably qualified Project Director, an
adequately staffed Project Implementation Unit (PIU)
which shall be responsible, with respect to the
Province's activities under the Project, for: (a)
preparing the budget, monitoring expenditures,
maintaining accounts and arranging the audit thereof and
arranging disbursements of the proceeds of the Credit;
(b) carrying out the procurement of goods, works and
services and supervising the construction of works;
(c) carrying out administrative functions related to
Project implementation; and (d) monitoring Project
progress and adherence to the requirements for Project
execution set forth in this Agreement.
C.   Special Requirements
1.   Each Province shall: (a) implement a phased plan
satisfactory to the Association which shall ensure the
provision, through about one-half of its health
facilities by December 31, 1993, and through all such
facilities, by July 31, 1995, of adequate family planning
services; (b) undertake, by December 31, 1992, a review,
under terms of reference satisfactory to the Association,
of the previous experience with Community Health Workers
both within Pakistan and outside and thereafter determine
the employment, remuneration and training needs of its
own workers on the basis of the findings of such review;
(c) ensure the acquisition and availability of all sites
required for the construction of facilities to be
constructed in its territory under the Project, not later
than December 31, 1993; (d) establish and adequately
staff, not later than July 31, 1992, a Provincial staff
development team to be responsible for the formulation
and implementation, in coordination with the PIU, of the
training provided under the Project; and (e) undertake a
review of the incentives and service conditions of female
paramedical staff, both during training and employment,
by December 31, 1992, discuss the findings of such review
with the Association, and start the implementation of
agreed measures for the improvement of such incentives
and conditions by December 31, 1993.
2.   Each Province shall: (a) establish the PHDC,
included in its territory under Part C (1) (a) of the
Project, in accordance with operational arrangements and
staffing plan satisfactory to the Association; (b) ensure
the assignment of about 75% of the staff included in such
staffing plan not later than July 31, 1992, and the
assignment of the remaining staff by July 31, 1993; and
(c) ensure the assignment of about 75% of the staff
required for each DHDC to be established under Part C (1)
(a) of the Project during the first year of operation of
such DHDC and the assignment of the remaining staff
during the second year of such operation.
3.   Each Province shall enter into suitable arrangements
with appropriate local institutions for obtaining
technical support for the Project to begin in the first
year of Project implementation and to continue until
Project completion.
4.   Each Province shall review with the Association, by
March 31 in each year, the levels of funds required
during the following fiscal year for the carrying out of
activities included under the Project and for meeting
recurrent health expenditures in the Province.
5.   Each Province shall ensure that increases in
allocation for recurrent health expenditures recommended
Page  8
under the review referred to in the preceding paragraph
for any particular fiscal year, shall be adequately
reflected in the budget proposal for such fiscal year.
6.   The Project Director in each Province shall prepare,
and furnish to the Association, semi-annual progress
reports on the implementation of the Project in the
territories of the Province.
