Page  1
                                                        CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER:  2884-0-KE
                                                             2884-1-KE
                         Development Credit Agreement
                        (Structural Adjustment Credit)
                                    between
                              REPUBLIC OF KENYA
                                     and
                     INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                            Dated June 20, 1996
                                              CREDIT NUMBER 2884-0-KE
                                                            2884-1-KE
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 20, 1996, between REPUBLIC OF KENYA (the
Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Association has received a letter dated April 16,
1996, (hereinafter called the Letter) from the Borrower describing a
program of actions, objectives and policies designed to achieve structural
adjustment of the Borrower's economy (hereinafter called the Program),
declaring the Borrower's commitment to the execution of the Program, and
requesting assistance from the Association in support of the program during
the execution thereof; and
      (B) on the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing, the Association has
decided in support of the Program to provide such assistance to the
Borrower by making the Credit in two tranches as hereinafter provided;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01.  The "General Conditions Applicable to Development
Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications thereof set forth below (the General Conditions) constitute
an integral part of this Agreement:
Page  2
      (a)   Section 2.01, paragraph 9, shall be modified to read:
                  "Project" means the program, referred to in the Preamble
                  to the Development Credit Agreement, in support of which
                  the Credit is made;
      (b)   the last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted;
      (c)   Section 4.01 is modified to read:
                  "Except as the Association and the Borrower shall
                  otherwise agree, withdrawals from the Development
                  Credit Account shall be made in the currency of the
                  deposit account specified in Section 2.02 of the
                  Development Credit Agreement."
      (d)   Section 5.01 is modified to read:
                  "The Borrower shall be entitled to withdraw the proceeds
                  of the Credit from the Credit Account in accordance with
                  the provisions of the Development Credit Agreement and
                  of these General Conditions. Except as the Association
                  and the Borrower shall otherwise agree, no withdrawals
                  shall be made: (a) on account of expenditures in the
                  territories of any country which is not a member of the
                  Bank or for goods produced in such territories; or (b)
                  for the purpose of any payment to persons or entities,
                  or for any import of goods, if such payment or import,
                  to the knowledge of the Association, is prohibited by a
                  decision of the United Nations Security Council taken
                  under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations."
      (e)   The last sentence of Section 5.03 is deleted;
      (f)   Section 9.06 (c) shall be modified to read:
                  "(c) Not later than six months after the Closing Date or
                  such later date as may be agreed for this purpose
                  between the Borrower and the Association, the Borrower
                  shall prepare and furnish to the Association a report,
                  of such scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall reasonably request, on the execution of the
                  Program referred to in the Preamble to the Development
                  Credit Agreement, the performance by the Borrower and
                  the Association of their respective obligations under
                  the Development Credit Agreement and the accomplishment
                  of the purposes of the Credit."; and
      (g)   Section 9.04 is deleted and Sections 9.05, 9.06 (as modified
above), 9.07 and 9.08 are renumbered, respectively, Sections 9.04, 9.05,
9.06 and 9.07.
      Section 1.02.  Unless the context otherwise requires, the several
terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble to this
Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and the following
additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Deposit Account" means the account referred to in Section
2.02 (a) of this Agreement;
      (b)   "FY" means the fiscal year of the Borrower;
      (c)   "IDA Reflow" means the amount of the allocation specified in
Section 2.01 of this Agreement, and made by the Association for the
benefit of the Borrower under the Association's Fiscal Year 1996
Allocations of IDA Reflows as set forth in Resolution IDA/R95-166-dated
December 1, 1995;
      (d)   "Kenya Shilling" and "Ksh" mean the currency of the Borrower;
      (e)   "KPA" means the Kenya Ports Authority, a corporation
established and existing under the Borrower's Kenya Ports Authority Act
Page  3
(Chapter 391 of the Borrower's Laws);
      (f)   "KPTC" means the Kenya Posts and Telecommunications
Corporation, a corporation established and existing under the Borrower's
Kenya Posts and Telecommunications Corporation Act (Chapter 411 of the
Borrower's Laws);
      (g)   "KRC" means the Kenya Railways Corporation, a corporation
established and existing pursuant to the Borrower's Kenya Railways
Corporation Act (Chapter 397 of the Borrower's Laws);
      (h)   "LRMC", in relation to electric supply, means the long-run
marginal cost of electric supply, calculated in accordance with a
methodology agreed upon between the Borrower and the Association;
      (i)   "NCPB" means the Borrower's National Cereal and Produce
Board, a body corporate established and existing pursuant to the
Borrower's National Cereal and Produce Board Act (Chapter 338 of the
Borrower's Laws);
      (j)   "NSSF" means the National Social Security Fund a body
corporate, established and existing pursuant to NSSF Act (Chapter 258 of
the Borrower's Laws);
      (k)   "offer for sale", in relation to the proposed sale of an
enterprise, includes (i) carrying out an evaluation of the enterprise,
(ii) preparation of a prospectus or dossier for the enterprise in
question, as the case may be, and (iii) soliciting offers for the sale
of the enterprise directly or through newspaper advertisements, as
appropriate;
      (l)   "power companies" means any one or more entities engaged in
the generation, importation, supply, transmission or distribution of
electric supply for sale to consumers in the Borrower's territory, other
than an entity whose engagement in such activities is only incidental to
its principal activities.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01.  The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower, on
the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the Development
Credit Agreement, various currencies that shall have an aggregate value
equivalent to Eighty Six Million Three Hundred Thousand Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 86,300,000), being the sum of withdrawals of the proceeds of
the Credit, with each withdrawal valued by the Association as of the date
of such withdrawal, and which includes an amount in various currencies
equivalent to Twenty Four Million Five Hundred Thousand Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 24,500,000) representing an IDA Reflow allocation made by the
Association.
      Section 2.02.  (a)  The Borrower shall open, prior to furnishing to
the Association the first request for withdrawal from the Credit Account,
and thereafter maintain in its central bank, a deposit account in dollars
on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Association. All withdrawals
from the Credit Account shall be deposited by the Association into the
Deposit Account.
      (b)   Subject to the provisions of paragraphs (c) and (d) of this
Section, the Borrower shall be entitled to use the proceeds of the Credit
withdrawn from the Credit Account and deposited in the Deposit Account in
support of the Program.
      (c)   The Borrower undertakes that the proceeds of the Credit shall
not be used to finance expenditures excluded pursuant to the provisions
of Schedule 1 to this Agreement. If the Association shall have determined
at any time that any proceeds of the Credit shall have been used to make
a payment for an expenditure so excluded, the Borrower shall, promptly
upon notice from the Association, (i) deposit into the Deposit Account
an amount equal to the amount of said payment, or (ii) if the Association
shall so request, refund such amount to the Association. Amounts refunded
Page  4
to the Association upon such request shall be credited to the Credit
Account for cancellation.
      (d)   No withdrawal shall be made from the Credit Account after the
aggregate of the proceeds of the Credit withdrawn from the Credit Account
shall have reached the equivalent of SDR 55,400,000, including the amount
of the IDA Reflow, unless the Association shall be satisfied, after an
exchange of views as described in Section 3.01 of this Agreement based on
evidence satisfactory to the Association: (i) with the progress achieved
by the Borrower in the carrying out of the Program; (ii) that the macro-
economic policy framework of the Borrower is consistent with the
objectives of the Program; and (iii) that the actions described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement have been taken. If, after said exchange of
views, the Association shall have given notice to the Borrower that the
progress achieved and actions taken are not satisfactory and, within 90
days after such notice, the Borrower shall not have achieved progress and
taken actions satisfactory to the Association, then the Association may,
by notice to the Borrower, cancel the unwithdrawn amount of the Credit or
any part thereof.
      (e)   After a date twelve months from the date of this Agreement,
(i) except as the Association shall otherwise agree, no withdrawal shall
be made with respect to the IDA Reflow, or any part thereof, and (ii) the
Association may, at any time after such date, by notice to the Borrower,
cancel the unwithdrawn amount of the IDA Reflow, or any part thereof,
from the Credit Account.
      Section 2.03.  The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1998 or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04.  (a)  The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not withdrawn
from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association as of June 30
of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half of one percent (1/2
of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date sixty
days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to the
respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the Borrower
from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate set as of the
June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at such other rates as
may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a) above.
The rate set as of June 30 in each year shall be applied from the next
payment date in that year specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places as
the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restrictions of
any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in
the currency specified in this Agreement for the purposes of Section 4.02
of the General Conditions or in such other eligible currency or
currencies as may from time to time be designated or selected pursuant to
the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05.  The Borrower shall pay to the Association a service
charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per annum
on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time
to time.
      Section 2.06.  Commitment and service charges shall be payable
semiannually on April 1 and October 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07.  (a)  Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-annual
installments payable on each\0cApril 1 and October 1 commencing October 1,
2006 and ending April 1, 2036. Each installment to and including the
installment payable on April 1, 2016 shall be one percent (1%) of such
principal amount, and each installment thereafter shall be two percent
(2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790 in
Page  5
constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years and (ii) the Bank shall
consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the Association may,
subsequent to the review and approval thereof by the Executive Directors
of the Association and after due consideration by them of the development
of the Borrower's economy, modify the terms of repayment of installments
under paragraph (a) above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the
amount of each such installment not yet due until the principal amount
of the Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower,
the Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the payment
of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on the principal
amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time to time, provided
that, in the judgment of the Association, such revision shall not change
the grant element obtained under the above-mentioned repayment
modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant to
paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the Borrower's
economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the Association may,
if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the terms of repayment
to conform to the schedule of installments as provided in paragraph (a)
above.
      Section 2.08.  The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                       Particular Covenants
      Section 3.01.  (a)  The Borrower and the Association shall from
time to time, at the request of either party, exchange views on the
progress achieved in carrying out the Program and the actions specified
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      (b)   Prior to each such exchange of views, the Borrower shall
furnish to the Association for its review and comment a report on the
progress achieved in carrying out the Program, in such detail as the
Association shall reasonably request.
      (c)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a) of
this Section, the Borrower shall exchange views with the Association on
any proposed action to be taken after the disbursement of the Credit
which would have the effect of materially reversing the objectives of
the Program, or any action taken under the Program, including any action
specified in Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.02.  Upon the Association's request, the Borrower shall:
      (a)   have the Deposit Account audited in accordance with
appropriate auditing principles consistently applied, by independent
auditors acceptable to the Association;
      (b)   furnish to the Association as soon as available, but in any
case not later than four months after the date of the Association's
request for such audit, a certified copy of the report of such audit by
said auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the Association shall
have reasonably requested; and
      (c)   furnish to the Association such other information concerning
the Deposit Account and the audit thereof as the Association shall have
reasonably requested.
                            ARTICLE IV
                  Additional Event of Suspension
      Section 4.01.  Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely, that a
situation has arisen which shall make it improbable that the Program, or
a significant part thereof, will be carried out.
Page  6
                             ARTICLE V
                            Termination
      Section 5.01.  The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the
General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 6.01.  The Minister for Finance of the Borrower is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of Section
11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 6.02.  The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
           Ministry of Finance
           P.O. Box 30007
           Nairobi
           Kenya
           Cable address:                Telex:
                  FINANCE                22921
                  Nairobi                MINFIN-KE
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:               Telex:
                   INDEVAS               248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.       82987 (FTCC)
                                          64145 (WUI) or
                                         197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly
authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be signed in
their respective names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         REPUBLIC OF KENYA
                         By /s/ Mathew Kathurima M'Ithiri
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                         By /s/ Callisto Madavo
Page  7
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
                       Excluded Expenditures
      For purposes of Section 2.02 (c) of this Agreement, the proceeds of
the Credit shall not be used to finance any of the following expenditures:
1.    expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for goods or
services supplied from the territory of the Borrower;
2.    expenditures for goods or services supplied under a contract which
any national or international financing institution or agency other than
the Bank or the Association shall have financed or agreed to finance, or
which the Bank or the Association shall have financed or agreed to finance
under another loan or a credit;
3.    expenditures for goods included in the following groups or sub-
groups of the Standard International Trade Classification, Revision 3
(SITC, Rev. 3), published by the United Nations in Statistical Papers,
Series M, No. 34/Rev.3 (1986) (the SITC), or any successor groups or
sub-groups under future revisions to the SITC, as designated by the
Association by notice to the Borrower:
      Group       Sub-group         Description of Items
      112               -           Alcoholic beverages
      121               -           Tobacco, unmanufactured, tobacco
                                    refuse
      122               -           Tobacco, manufactured (whether or not
                                    containing tobacco substitutes)
      525               -           Radioactive and associated materials
      667         -                 Pearls, precious and semi-precious
                                    stones, unworked or worked
      718         718.7             Nuclear reactors, and parts thereof;
                                    fuel elements (cartridges), non-
                                    irradiated, for nuclear reactors
      728.43      -                 Tobacco processing machinery
      897         897.3             Jewelry of gold, silver or platinum
                                    group metals (except watches and watch
                                    cases) and goldsmiths' or silversmiths'
                                    wares (including set gems)
      971         -                 Gold, non-monetary (excluding gold
                                    ores and concentrates)
4.    expenditures for goods intended for a military or para-military
purpose or for luxury consumption;
5.    expenditures for environmentally hazardous goods (for purposes of
this paragraph, the term "environmentally hazardous goods" means goods,
the manufacture, use or import of which is prohibited under the laws of
the Borrower or international agreements to which the Borrower is a party,
and any other goods designated as environmentally hazardous by agreement
between the Borrower and the Association); and
6.    in furtherance of the purposes of Section 5.01 of the General
Conditions, expenditures (a) in the territories of any country which is
not a member of the Bank or for goods procured in, or services supplied
from, such territories or (b) on account of any payment to persons or
entities, or any import of goods, if such payment or import is prohibited
by a decision of the United Nations Security Council taken under Chapter
VII of the Charter of the United Nations.
Page  8
                            SCHEDULE  2
             Actions Referred to in Section 2.02 (d)
                         of this Agreement
      KRC has signed maintenance contracts, on terms and conditions
acceptable to the Association, for the maintenance of its locomotives by
private contractors.
      Performance contracts for all power companies have been concluded,
and an action plan, acceptable to the Association, has been adopted for
the implementation of tariff adjustments required to achieve full coverage
of LRMC.
1.    NCPB has satisfactorily implemented its commercialization program in
accordance with contractual arrangements, acceptable to the Association,
between NCPB and technical experts.
      The Borrower has submitted to Parliament draft legislation,
satisfactory to the Association, to convert NSSF into a private pension
fund capable of operating on an autonomous basis, and in accordance with
appropriate guidelines and operating principles.
      The Borrower has: (a) caused KPTC to be split into a regulatory
authority and two other separate entities to be responsible for posts
and telecommunications, respectively; (b) made an offer for the sale of
not less than 30 percent of the share capital of the entity responsible
for telecommunications; and (c) issued, or submitted a time table
acceptable to the Association for the issue of, a second cellular phone
service license to a private operator.
      The Borrower has signed a management contract, on terms and
conditions acceptable to the Association, with an outside operator for
the operation and management of the container terminal at KPA, and a
performance contract, on terms and conditions acceptable to the
Association, with KPA.
      The Borrower has satisfactorily implemented its privatization
program for 1996, and submitted a proposed privatization program,
acceptable to the Association, for 1997, in accordance with paragraphs
37 and 38 of the Letter.
      The Borrower has satisfactorily implemented the first phase of the
civil service reform program ending in or about June 1997, including
planned staff reductions in the civil service, and adopted an action
plan, acceptable to the Association, for the second phase of the program,
beginning in or about July 1997, in accordance with paragraphs 24 and 25
of the Letter.
      The Borrower has satisfactorily implemented the rationalization
plans as agreed for Government Ministries, having regard to the targets
and objectives established for such rationalization plans, and in
accordance with paragraph 27 of the Letter.
      The Borrower has satisfactorily implemented its FY 1996/97
development and recurrent budget allocations, having regard to the
benchmarks and guiding principles established for such allocations, and
developed recurrent and development budget proposals, acceptable to the
Association, for FY 1997/98, and in accordance with paragraphs 22 and 23
of the Letter.
