Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2558 PAK
                         Project Agreement
                (Sindh Special Development Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
                         PROVINCE OF SINDH
                                and
                   KARACHI DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY
                                and
                 KARACHI METROPOLITAN CORPORATION
                       Dated March 10, 1994
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2558 PAK
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated March 10, 1994, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and PROVINCE OF SINDH
acting by its Governor (Sindh) and KARACHI DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY
(KDA) and KARACHI METROPOLITAN CORPORATION (KMC).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between the Islamic Republic of Pakistan (the Borrower) and
the Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to thirty-three
million three hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 33,300,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition that Sindh, KDA
and KMC agree to undertake such obligations toward the Association
as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   the proceeds of the credit provided for under the
Development Credit Agreement will be made available to Sindh for use
by Sindh and by KDA and KMC; and
      WHEREAS Sindh, KDA and KMC, in consideration of the
Association's entering into the Development Credit Agreement with
the Borrower, have agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in
this Agreement;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so
defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) Sindh, KDA and KMC declare their commitment
to the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the
Project with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial, engineering and urban
environment practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Association and Sindh, KDA and KMC
shall otherwise agree, Sindh, KDA and KMC shall carry out the
Project in accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      (c)   Sindh, KDA and KMC shall, for the purposes of their
respective activities under the Project, open and maintain in
dollars special deposit accounts in the National Bank of Pakistan on
terms and conditions satisfactory to the Association. Deposits into,
and payments out of, the Special Accounts shall be made in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. Sindh, KDA and KMC shall carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and
9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods
and services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project
Agreement and their respective activities under the Project.
      Section 2.04. (a) Sindh, KDA and KMC shall, at the request of
the Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to
the progress of the Project, the performance of their obligations
under this Agreement and other matters relating to the purposes of
the Credit.
      (b)   Sindh, KDA and KMC shall promptly inform the Association
of any condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Credit, or the performance by Sindh, KDA and KMC of their
obligations under this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
             Management and Operations of KDA and KMC
      Section 3.01. KDA and KMC shall carry on their operations and
conduct their affairs in accordance with sound administrative,
financial, engineering and local government practices under the
supervision of qualified and experienced management assisted by
competent staff in adequate numbers.
Page  3
      Section 3.02. KDA and KMC shall at all times operate and
maintain their plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and
from time to time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs
and renewals thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering,
financial and local government practices.
      Section 3.03. KDA and KMC shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Association for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as
shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                   Financial and Other Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) Sindh, KDA and KMC shall maintain records
and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices their respective operations and financial condition in
respect of the Project.
      (b)   Sindh, KDA and KMC shall:
            (i)   have such records and accounts including those
                  for the Special Accounts for each fiscal year
                  audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                  principles consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than nine months after
                  the end of each such year, the report of such
                  audit by said auditors, of such scope and in such
                  detail as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts as well as
                  the audit thereof, as the Association shall from
                  time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, Sindh, KDA and KMC shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until one year after the Association has
                  received the audit report for the fiscal year in
                  which the last disbursement from the Credit
                  Account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of expen-
                  diture submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
      Section 4.02. Sindh shall: (a) not later than January 31 in
each year, beginning 1994, review with the Association compliance by
Sindh with its annual budget; and (b) in accordance with an action
plan satisfactory to the Association, take measures to eliminate
Page  4
Sindh's recurrent budget deficit by FY98.
      Section 4.03. Sindh shall, in accordance with an action plan
satisfactory to the Association, complete the revaluation of
properties located in Karachi by June 30, 1996, on a basis for
property valuation satisfactory to the Association.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of Sindh, KDA and KMC thereunder shall terminate on
the earlier of the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                  Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
                  terms; or
           (ii)   the date 20 years after the date of this
                  Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify Sindh,
KDA and KMC of this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA),
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      For Sindh:
            Chief Secretary
            Government of Sindh
            New Sindh Secretariat
            Karachi, Pakistan
Page  5
            Cable address:
                  CHIEFSEC SINDH
                  KARACHI
      For KDA:
            Karachi Development Authority
            Civic Center
            University Road
            Gulshan-e-Iqbal
            Karachi-5, Pakistan
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                  KEYDA                      25744 KDA PK
                  KARACHI
      For KMC:
            Karachi Metropolitan Corporation
            M. A. Jinnah Road
            Karachi, Pakistan
            Cable address:
                  CORPORATION
                  KARACHI
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of Sindh or KDA or KMC, or by Sindh or KDA or
KMC on behalf of the Borrower under the Development Credit
Agreement, may be taken or executed by the Chief Secretary in the
case of Sindh, by the Director General in the case of KDA and by the
Administrator/Mayor in the case of KMC or such other person or
persons as each of them shall designate in writing, and each of them
shall furnish to the Association sufficient evidence of the
authority and the authenticated specimen signature of each such
person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ D. Joseph Wood
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                        South Asia
                  PROVINCE OF SINDH
                  KARACHI DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY
                  KARACH METROPOLITAN CORPORATION
                  By /s/ Agha Ghazanfar
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Page  6
Section I:   Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part D hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines).
      (a)   For fixed-price contracts, the invitation to bid
referred to in paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines shall provide that,
when contract award is delayed beyond the original bid validity
period, the successful bidder's bid price will be increased for each
week of delay by two predisclosed correction factors acceptable to
the Association, one to be applied to all foreign currency
components and the other to the local currency component of the bid
price. Such an increase shall not be taken into account in the bid
evaluation.
      (b)   In the procurement of goods and works in accordance with
this Part A, the Borrower shall use the relevant standard bidding
documents issued by the Bank, with such modifications thereto as the
Association shall have agreed to be necessary for the purposes of
the Project. Where no relevant standard bidding documents have been
issued by the Bank, the Borrower shall use bidding documents based
on other international recognized standards forms agreed with the
Association.
2.    Bidders for works shall be prequalified as described in
paragraph 2.10 of the Guidelines.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in Pakistan may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:    Preference for Domestic Contractors
      In the procurement of works in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, Sindh, KDA or KMC, as the case may be,
may grant a margin of preference to domestic contractors in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55
and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraph 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:     Other Procurement Procedures
      Works included in Parts B.1 (b) and B.2 of the Project, and
equipment and vehicles estimated to cost less than the equivalent of
$100,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the
equivalent of $3,100,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance
with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
Part E:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of prequalification:
      With respect to the prequalification of bidders as provided in
Part A.2 hereof, the procedures set forth in paragraph 1 of Appendix
1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
2.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract proposed to be awarded in
accordance with the procedures referred to in Part A.1 hereof, each
contract for works estimated to cost the equivalent of $500,000 or
more and proposed to be awarded in accordance with the procedures
referred to in Part D hereof, and each contract for equipment and
vehicles estimated to cost the equivalent of $200,000 or more and
Page  7
proposed to be awarded in accordance with the procedures referred to
in Part D hereof, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of a Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to
said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Association prior to
the making of the first payment out of the Special Account in
respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of a Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
3.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of para-
graph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist Sindh, KDA and KMC in carrying out the
Project, Sindh, KDA and KMC shall employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of employment
shall be satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be
selected in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory
to the Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981 (the
Consultant Guidelines). For complex, time-based assignments, Sindh,
KDA and KMC shall employ such consultants under contracts using the
standard form of contract for consultants' services issued by the
Bank, with such modifications as shall have been agreed by the
Association. Where no relevant standard contract documents have been
issued by the Bank, Sindh, KDA and KMC shall use other standard
forms agreed with the Association.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Section,
the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring prior
Association review or approval of budgets, short lists, selection
procedures, letters of invitation, proposals, evaluation reports and
contracts shall not apply to contracts estimated to cost less than
$100,000 equivalent each. However, this exception to prior
Association review shall not apply to the terms of reference for
such contracts nor to the employment of individuals, to single
source selection of firms, to assignments of a critical nature as
reasonably determined by the Association or to amendments of
contracts raising the contract value to $100,000 equivalent or
above.
                      SCHEDULE 2
                      Implementation Program
1.    Project Implementation
      Responsibility for implementation of the Project shall be
assigned as follows:
      (a)   for Parts A.1, A.2, B.1, D.1, E.1 and E.2 (a), (b), (c)
and (d) of the Project, to KDA;
      (b)   for Part D.2 of the Project, to KMC;
Page  8
      (c)   for Part B.2 of the Project, to LG&RD, with the
assistance of the municipal governments of the Interior Cities;
      (d)   for Part C.1 (a), (b) and (f) of the Project, to E&T;
      (e)   for Parts C.1 (c), (d) and (e) of the Project, to BOR in
association with KDA;
      (f)   for Part C.2 of the Project, to P&D in association with
FD;
      (g)   for Part C.3 of the Project, to FD in association with
P&D; and
      (h)   for Parts E.2 (e) and E.3 of the Project, to KDA in
association with SEPA.
2.    Project Coordination
      (a)   Of Property Tax and Financial Management Reform
            Components
            (i)   EXPACO shall be responsible for coordinating the
                  activities to be carried out under Parts C and D
                  of the Project.
           (ii)   EXPACO shall be headed by a senior professional
                  reporting directly to the Chief Secretary of
                  Sindh, and shall be staffed by other government
                  officers and officers employed from the private
                  sector, all with experience and qualifications
                  satisfactory to the Association.
      (b)   Of Physical Investment and Investment Planning and
            Budgeting Reform Components
                  (i)   PPU shall be responsible for the overall
                        supervision, coordination and monitoring
                        of: (aa) the physical investments to be
                        made under Parts A and B of the Project;
                        and (bb) the studies to be carried out
                        under Part E of the Project. In that
                        capacity, PPU shall report to the Borrower,
                        Sindh, and the Association on general
                        progress of Project implementation,
                        including the status of disbursements. PPU
                        shall also provide administrative support
                        to EXPACO.
                 (ii)   PPU shall be headed by a senior
                        professional with qualifications and
                        experience satisfactory to the Association,
                        and shall be staffed with personnel from
                        both the private and the public sectors, as
                        agreed with the Association.
3.    Action Plans
      Sindh shall, not later than March 31 and September 30 in each
year, review with the Association progress in implementing the
fiscal and administrative reforms described in the Policy Statement,
and shall thereafter, not later than December 31 in each year, make
such adjustments in the associated action plans for implementing
such reforms as shall be warranted in the light of such reviews and
agreed with the Association.
4.    Resettlement Plan
      Sindh and KMC shall ensure that any persons displaced or to be
displaced as a result of the acquisition of any land by Sindh and
KMC or any other agency or authority for the purposes of the Project
shall be compensated and/or resettled in accordance with a land
Page  9
acquisition and resettlement plan satisfactory to the Association.
5.   Progress Reports
      Sindh shall, through PPU and not later than thirty days after
the end of each quarter of each year of Project implementation,
furnish to the Association consolidated progress reports on the
Project for such quarter in form and substance satisfactory to the
Association.
6.    Mid-term Review
      Sindh shall with the participation of the Association and not
later than September 30, 1995, carry out a mid-term review of the
Project, and shall make such adjustments in the activities to be
carried out under the Project and in the related organizational and
institutional arrangements as shall be warranted in the light of
such review and agreed with the Association.
                            SCHEDULE 3
                         Special Accounts
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1), (2)
and (3) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to the
Development Credit Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit
Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means, in respect of
Sindh, an amount equivalent to $700,000 to be withdrawn from the
Credit Account and deposited into the Sindh Special Account; in
respect of KDA, an amount equivalent to $2,000,000 to be withdrawn
from the Credit Account and deposited into the KDA Special Account;
and in respect of KMC, an amount equivalent to $300,000 to be
withdrawn from the Credit Account and deposited into the KMC Special
Account, all pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Accounts shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that a Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, Sindh, KDA
or KMC, as the case may be, shall furnish to the Association a
request or requests for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed
the aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of
such request or requests, the Association shall, on behalf of Sindh,
KDA or KMC, as the case may be, withdraw from the Credit Account and
deposit in the Special Account such amount or amounts as Sindh, KDA
or KMC, as the case may be, shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, Sindh,
                  KDA or KMC, as the case may be, shall furnish to
                  the Association requests for deposits into the
                  Special Account at such intervals as the
                  Association shall specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                  Sindh, KDA or KMC, as the case may be, shall
                  furnish to the Association the documents and
                  other evidence required pursuant to paragraph 4
                  of this Schedule for the payment or payments in
Page  10
                  respect of which replenishment is requested. On
                  the basis of each such request, the Association
                  shall, on behalf of Sindh, KDA or KMC, as the
                  case may be, withdraw from the Credit Account and
                  deposit into the Special Account such amount as
                  Sindh, KDA or KMC, as the case may be, shall have
                  requested and as shall have been shown by said
                  documents and other evidence to have been paid
                  out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by Sindh, KDA or KMC, as the case may
be, out of a Special Account, Sindh, KDA or KMC, as the case may be,
shall, at such time as the Association shall reasonably request,
furnish to the Association such documents and other evidence showing
that such payment was made exclusively for eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into a Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by Sindh, KDA or KMC, as
the case may be, directly from the Credit Account in accordance with
the provisions of Article V of the General Conditions and paragraph
(a) of Section 2.02 of this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories for activities under the
Project for which Sindh, KDA or KMC, as the case may be, is
responsible less the amount of any outstanding special commitment
entered into by the Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the
General Conditions with respect to such activities under the
Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
relevant Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories for such activities under the Project shall follow such
procedures as the Association shall specify by notice to Sindh, KDA
or KMC, as the case may be. Such further withdrawals shall be made
only after and to the extent that the Association shall have been
satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special
Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in making
payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of a Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, Sindh, KDA or KMC, as the case may be, shall,
promptly upon notice from the Association: (A) provide such
additional evidence as the Association may request; or (B) deposit
into the Special Account (or, if the Association shall so request,
refund to the Association) an amount equal to the amount of such
payment or the portion thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless
the Association shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the
Association into the Special Account shall be made until Sindh, KDA
or KMC, as the case may be, has provided such evidence or made such
deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in a Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, Sindh,
KDA or KMC, as the case may be, shall, promptly upon notice from the
Association, refund to the Association such outstanding amount.
Page  11
      (c)   Sindh, KDA or KMC may, as the case may be, upon notice
to the Association, refund to the Association all or any portion of
the funds on deposit in a Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
