Page  1
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2718-1 GH
                                                                (Amendment)
                             Agreement Amending
                        Development Credit Agreement
                     (Private Sector Adjustment Credit)
                                   between
                              REPUBLIC OF GHANA
                                     and
                    INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                           Dated December 21, 1995
                                        DEVELOPMENT CREDIT NUMBER 2718-1 GH
                                                                (Amendment)
                             AGREEMENT AMENDING
                        DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated December 21, 1995, between REPUBLIC OF
GHANA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower and the Association have entered
into a Development Credit Agreement (Private Sector Adjustment
Credit), dated July 25, 1995 (the Development Credit Agreement)
for the purpose of assisting in the financing of the program
referred to in Recital (A) of the Preamble to the Development
Credit Agreement (the Program);
      (B)   the Borrower has requested the Association to provide
additional assistance towards the financing of the Program by
increasing the amount made available under the Development
Credit Agreement by an amount in various currencies equivalent
to three million two hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 3,200,000); and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing, to provide such additional assistance
to the Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                  ARTICLE I
                        Amendments to the Development
                              Credit Agreement
      Section 1.01. Section 1.02 of the Development Credit
Page  2
Agreement is amended by the deletion of the word "and" at the
end of Sub-section (e), the deletion of the period and its
substitution by a semi-colon and the insertion of the word
"and" at the end of Subsection (f), and the addition of a
Subsection (g) to read as follows:
            "(g) "Amending Agreement" means the Agreement
      Amending Development Credit Agreement (Private Sector
      Adjustment Credit) between the Borrower and the
      Association, dated December 21, 1995."
      Section 1.02. Section 2.01 of the Development Credit
Agreement is amended to read as follows:
            "Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
      Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
      referred to in the Development Credit Agreement, an amount
      in various currencies equivalent to fifty million one
      hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 50,100,000)
      (the Credit), which includes an original amount in various
      currencies equivalent to forty six million nine hundred
      thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 46,900,000) and an
      additional amount in various currencies equivalent to
      three million two hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
      (SDR 3,200,000) (the Additional Financing)."
      Section 1.03. A proviso is added at the end of Section
2.04 (b) of the Development Credit Agreement reading as follows:
            "; provided, however, that any commitment charge on
      the Additional Financing shall accrue from a date sixty
      days after the date of the Amending Agreement."
      Section 1.04. Paragraph 4 (a) of Schedule 1 to the
Development Credit Agreement is amended by the deletion
therefrom of the amount "SDR 20,100,000" and the substitution
therefor of the amount "SDR 23,300,000"; and paragraph 4 (b) of
Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement is amended by
the deletion therefrom of the amount " 30,200,000" and the
substitution therefor of the amount "SDR 33,500,000".
      Section 1.05. The following paragraph is added at the end
of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement:
            "6.  After a date twelve months from the date of this
      Amending Agreement, no withdrawals shall be made and no
      commitment shall be entered into to pay amounts to or on
      the order of the Borrower in respect of expenditures to be
      financed out of the proceeds of the Additional Financing.
      At any time after such date, the Association may, by
      notice to the Borrower, cancel the unwithdrawn amount of
      the Additional Financing from the Credit Account or any
      part thereof."
                                 ARTICLE II
                         Effective Date; Termination
      Section 2.01. This Amending Agreement shall not become
effective until evidence satisfactory to the Association shall
have been furnished to the Association that the execution and
delivery of this Amending Agreement on behalf of the Borrower
have been duly authorized or ratified by all necessary
governmental action.
      Section 2.02. As part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to Section 2.01 of this Agreement, there shall be
furnished to the Association an opinion or opinions
satisfactory to the Association of counsel acceptable to the
Association showing, on behalf of the Borrower, that this
Agreement has been duly authorized or ratified by, and executed
and delivered on behalf of, the Borrower and is legally binding
Page  3
upon the Borrower in accordance with its terms.
      Section 2.03. This Amending Agreement shall come into
force and effect on the date upon which the Association shall
dispatch to the Borrower notice of its acceptance of the
evidence required by Section 2.01 of this Amending Agreement.
      Section 2.04. If this Amending Agreement shall not have
come into force and effect by a date ninety (90) days after the
date of this Amending Agreement, this Amending Agreement and
all obligations of the parties thereunder shall terminate,
unless the Association establishes a later date for the
purposes of this Section. If this Amending Agreement shall
terminate under the provisions of this Section, this Amending
Agreement shall continue in full force and effect as if this
Amending Agreement had not been executed.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Amending Agreement to be signed in their respective names in
the District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the
day and year first above written.
                   REPUBLIC OF GHANA
                   By /s/ Ekwow Spio-Garbrah
                                                  Authorized Representative
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                   By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                                    Regional Vice President
                                                                     Africa
