Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                   CREDIT NUMBER 2687 PAK
                             Project Agreement
         (North West Frontier Province Primary Education Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                    and
                       NORTH WEST FRONTIER PROVINCE
                            Dated April 7, 1995
                                                   CREDIT NUMBER 2687 PAK
                             PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 7, 1995, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and the NORTH WEST
FRONTIER PROVINCE acting by its Governor (the Province).
      WHEREAS (A) the Association has received a letter dated
December 13, 1994 from the Province, endorsed by the Borrower,
described a program of actions, objectives and policies
designed to improve the quality and efficiency of the primary
education sector (hereinafter called the Program), and
declaring the Province's commitment to carrying out such
Program;
      (B)    by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between Islamic Republic of Pakistan (the Borrower)
and the Association, the Association has agreed to make
available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies
equivalent to one hundred four million Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 104,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition that the
Province agree to undertake such obligations toward the
Association as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (C)   the proceeds of the Credit provided for under the
Development Credit Agreement will be made available to the
Province; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS the Province, in consideration of the
Association's entering into the Development Credit Agreement
with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the obligations set
forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                                Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so
defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) The Province declares its commitment to
the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out
the Project through DOE with due diligence and efficiency and
in conformity with appropriate educational, administrative,
financial and engineering practices, and shall provide, or
cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for the
Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph
(a) of this Section and except as the Association and the
Province shall otherwise agree, the Province shall carry out
the Project in accordance with the Implementation Program set
forth in Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. (a) The Province shall carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07
and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and
reports, maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in
respect of the Project Agreement.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph
(a) of this Section, the Province shall:
            (i)   prepare, on the basis of guidelines acceptable
                  to the Association and furnish to the
                  Association not later than six (6) months after
                  the Closing Date or such later date as may be
                  agreed for this purpose between the Association
                  and the Province, a plan for the future
                  operation of the Project;
           (ii)   afford the Association a reasonable opportunity
                  to exchange views with the Province on said
                  plan; and
          (iii)   thereafter, carry out said plan with due
                  diligence and efficiency and in accordance with
                  appropriate practices, taking into account the
                  Association's comments thereon.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Province shall, at the request of
the Association, exchange views with the Association with
regard to the progress of the Project and the Program, the
Page  3
performance of its obligations under this Agreement and other
matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   The Province shall promptly inform the Association of
any condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with
the progress of the Project and the Program, the accomplishment
of the purposes of the Credit, or the performance by the
Province of its obligations under this Agreement.
                                ARTICLE III
                       Financial and Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) The Province shall maintain records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices the operations, resources and expenditures
with respect to the Project.
      (b)   The Province shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section, including the
                  records and accounts for the Special Accounts,
                  for each fiscal year audited, in accordance
                  with appropriate auditing principles
                  consistently applied, by independent auditors
                  acceptable to the Association;
            (ii)  furnish to the Association as soon as
                  available, but in any case not later than nine
                  months after the end of each such year, the
                  report of such audit by said auditors, of such
                  scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
            (iii) furnish to the Association such other
                  information concerning said records and
                  accounts as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
                                ARTICLE IV
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement
becomes effective.
      Section 4.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of
the Association and of the Province thereunder shall terminate
on the earlier of the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                  Agreement shall terminate in accordance with
                  its terms; or
            (ii)  the date twenty years after the date of this
                  Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in
paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the Association shall
promptly notify the Province of this event.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any
cancellation or suspension under the General Conditions.
                                 ARTICLE V
Page  4
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted
to be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement
between the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in
writing. Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been
duly given or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by
mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which
it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA),
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      For the Province:
            Planning and Development Department
            Government of North West Frontier Province
            Peshawar, Pakistan
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  DEVELOPMENT               952-52371
                  Peshawar, Pakistan
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be executed,
under this Agreement on behalf of the Province, may be taken or
executed by the Additional Chief Secretary (Development) or
such other person or persons as he shall designate in writing,
and the Province shall furnish to the Association sufficient
evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ D. Joseph Wood
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                                               South Asia
Page  5
                  NORTH WEST FRONTIER PROVINCE
                  By /s/ Mansoor Elahi
                                                Authorized Representative
                                SCHEDULE 1
                   Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:        Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
      Except as provided in Part C hereof, equipment shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines), and in
accordance with the following additional procedures:
      (a)   When contract award is delayed beyond the original
bid validity period, such period may be extended once, subject
to and in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 2.59 of
the Guidelines, by the minimum amount of time required to
complete the evaluation, obtain necessary approvals and
clearances and award the contract. The bid validity period may
be extended a second time only if the bidding documents or the
request for extension shall provide for appropriate adjustment
of the bid price to reflect changes in the cost of inputs for
the contract over the period of extension. Such an increase in
the bid price shall not be taken into account in the bid
evaluation. With respect to each contract made subject to the
Association's prior review in accordance with the provisions of
Part D.1 (a) of this Section, the Association's prior approval
will be required for (i) a first extension of the bid validity
period if the period of extension exceeds sixty (60) days and
(ii) any subsequent extension of the bid validity period.
      (b)   In the procurement of equipment in accordance with
this Part A, the Province shall use the relevant standard
bidding documents issued by the Bank, with such modifications
thereto as the Association shall have agreed to be necessary
for the purposes of the Project. Where no relevant standard
bidding documents have been issued by the Bank, the Province
shall use bidding documents based on other internationally
recognized standard forms agreed with the Association.
Part B:           Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of equipment in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, equipment manufactured
in Pakistan may be granted a margin of preference in accordance
with, and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and
2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix
2 thereto.
Part C:           Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Except as provided in paragraph 2 hereof, (i) civil works,
(ii) furniture, (iii) equipment estimated to cost less than the
equivalent of $200,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount
not to exceed the equivalent of $1,700,000, and (iv)
educational and training materials, shall be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding,
advertised locally, in accordance with procedures satisfactory
to the Association.
2.    Contracts for (i) equipment estimated to cost less than
the equivalent of $50,000 per contract, up to an aggregate
Page  6
amount not to exceed the equivalent of $600,000, (ii) furniture
estimated to cost less than the equivalent of $10,000 per
contract up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent
of $100,000, and (iii) educational and training materials
estimated to cost less than the equivalent of $50,000 per
contract, up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the
equivalent of $500,000, may be procured on the basis of
comparison of price quotations solicited from at least three
suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Association.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and
final contracts:
      (a)   With respect to: (i) each contract under Part A
hereof; (ii) each contract for civil works estimated to cost
the equivalent of more than $200,000; and (iii) the first civil
works contract for school construction in each administrative
division of the Province in each Fiscal Year irrespective of
value, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for
such contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed
copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished
to the Association prior to the making of the first payment out
of such Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3
and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where
payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the
two conformed copies of the contract together with the other
information required to be furnished to the Association
pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the
Association as part of the evidence to be furnished pursuant to
paragraph 4 of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b)
shall not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals
from the Credit Account are to be made on the basis of
statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist the Province in the carrying out of the
Project, the Province shall employ, under time schedules
satisfactory to the Association, consultants and construction
managers whose qualifications, experience and terms and
conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Association. Such consultants and construction managers shall
be selected in accordance with principles and procedures
satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the "Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the
World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August
1981 (the Consultant Guidelines). For complex, time-based
assignments, the Province shall employ such consultants under
contracts using the standard form of contract for consultants'
services issued by the Bank, with such modifications as shall
have been agreed by the Association. Where no relevant standard
contract documents have been issued by the Bank, the Province
shall use other standard forms agreed with the Association.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this
Section, the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring
prior Association review or approval of budgets, short lists,
Page  7
selection procedures, letters of invitation, proposals,
evaluation reports and contracts, shall not apply to (a)
contracts for the employment of consulting firms estimated to
cost less than $100,000 equivalent each or (b) contracts for
the employment of individuals estimated to cost less than
$50,000 equivalent each. However, said exceptions to prior
Association review shall not apply to (a) the terms of
reference for such contracts, (b) single-source selection of
consulting firms, (c) assignments of a critical nature, as
reasonably determined by the Association, (d) amendments to
contracts for the employment of consulting firms raising the
contract value to $100,000 equivalent or above, or
(e) amendments to contracts for the employment of individual
consultants raising the contract value to $50,000 equivalent or
above.
                                SCHEDULE 2
                          Implementation Program
1.    The Province shall:
      (a)   except as the Association may otherwise agree, follow
the established procedures, satisfactory to the Association, to
ensure that, irrespective of the source of funding, decisions
on location, planning, design and number of schools and
classrooms to be constructed and rehabilitated in the primary
education sector of the Province shall be based on needs,
demonstrated demand and justification as evidenced by the
annual school census, the most recent population census, human
resource surveys and school maps of the Province;
      (b)   carry out school and classroom construction and
rehabilitation activities under Part A of the Project during
the first year of Project implementation in those sites which
have been selected by the Province in accordance with
procedures referred to in paragraph 1 (a) hereof satisfactory
to the Association; and
      (c)   not later than February 15 of each Fiscal Year during
the implementation of the Project beginning with February 15,
1996, provide to the Association a list of school and classroom
construction and rehabilitation sites for the following Fiscal
Year, satisfactory to the Association, selected by the Province
in accordance with procedures referred to in paragraph 1 (a)
hereof, for carrying out rehabilitation and construction of
schools and classrooms under Part A of the Project.
2.    (a)   Without limitation upon the provisions of Section
2.01 of this Agreement, the Province shall provide, or cause to
be provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
educational materials, staff, services and other resources
required for the annual work plans referred to in paragraph 2
(b) hereof.
      (b)   To that end, the Province shall:
            (i)   during the first year of Project
                  implementation, carry out activities and policy
                  reforms in the primary education sector within
                  the framework of an annual work plan setting
                  forth also the requirements for funding such
                  activities out of the proceeds of the Credit
                  and other domestic and external sources
                  acceptable to the Association;
            (ii)  by March 30 of each Fiscal Year during the
                  implementation of the Project, beginning with
                  March 30, 1996 provide to the Association a
                  draft annual work plan for the following Fiscal
                  Year setting forth the Province's activities to
                  be carried out and the policy reforms to be
Page  8
                  implemented in the primary education sector
                  together with the requirements for funding such
                  activities out of the proceeds of the Credit
                  and other domestic and external sources;
            (iii) together with the Association and not
                  later than May 1 in each Fiscal Year beginning
                  with May 1, 1996, review the Province's
                  activities carried out and the policy reforms
                  implemented under the annual work plan in such
                  Fiscal Year and the draft annual work plan
                  provided pursuant to sub-paragraph (ii) above,
                  and taking into account the recommendations
                  resulting from such review, the Province shall
                  finalize a work plan, acceptable to the
                  Association, describing the Province's
                  activities to be carried out and the policy
                  reforms to be implemented in the primary
                  education sector in the next following Fiscal
                  Year, together with the requirements for
                  funding such activities out of the proceeds of
                  the Credit and other domestic and external
                  sources; and
            (iv)  ensure that:
                  (aa)  adequate development and recurrent
                        budgetary allocations are made, both from
                        domestic and external sources, for each
                        Fiscal Year to meet the funding
                        requirements of the Province's activities
                        under the work plan for such year referred
                        to in sub-paragraphs (i) and (iii) above;
                        and
                  (bb)  at least one-fourth of the funds to be
                        provided by the Province out of its own
                        resources for purposes of carrying out the
                        activities under the work plan in a given
                        Fiscal Year will be deposited in the
                        accounts of the departments and agencies
                        of the Province responsible for carrying
                        out such activities prior to the start of
                        the first quarter of such Fiscal Year and
                        expenditures incurred out of the proceeds
                        of such amount deposited shall be fully
                        replenished prior to the start of each
                        subsequent quarter.
3.    Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph 2
hereof, the Province shall take all such measures as may be
necessary or required, satisfactory to the Association, for the
purpose of ensuring that its budgetary allocation to primary
education for both development and recurrent expenditures in
each Fiscal Year during the implementation of the Project
increases by at least 5 (five) percent in real terms over the
level of expenditures in the previous Fiscal Year taking as
base the actual level of expenditures for Fiscal Year 1993-94.
4.    For purposes of carrying out Part D.2 of the Project, the
Province shall prepare no later than December 31, 1996, and
thereafter follow, such procedures and arrangements, including
criteria for selection of schools and students for receiving
financial assistance, satisfactory to the Association.
5.    The Province shall take all such actions as may be
necessary or required to ensure that Part A.5 of the Project is
carried out in accordance with the Frontier Education
Foundation Act, 1992 (the Act), with particular emphasis to the
beneficiary targeting provisions set forth therein.
6.    Without limitation upon the provisions of Section 2.04 of
Page  9
this Agreement the Province shall, by January 15 of each Fiscal
Year, beginning with Fiscal Year 1996, provide to the
Association a mid-Fiscal Year report on the progress of the
Project and the annual work plan during that Fiscal Year.
7.    Without limitation upon the provisions of Section 2.04 of
this Agreement the Province shall, in consultation with the
Association and in accordance with terms of reference and
methodology acceptable to the Association, undertake and
complete by October 31, 1998 a mid-term review of the progress
achieved under the Project, the annual work plans and the
Program, and, shall, promptly thereafter, carry out the
recommendations of such review related to the Project and the
annual work plans in a manner acceptable to the Association.
