Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3664 MOR
                         Project Agreement
              (Fifth Water Supply Project - Kingdom)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
              THE WATER AND ELECTRICITY DISTRIBUTION
                      AUTHORITY OF CASABLANCA
                      Dated December 3, 1993
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3664 MOR
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated December 3, 1993, between INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and THE WATER AND
ELECTRICITY DISTRIBUTION AUTHORITY OF CASABLANCA (RAD) (hereinafter
referred to as the Participating Utility).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Kingdom of Morocco (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank has
agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to one hundred twenty-three million dollars
($123,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that the Participating Utility
agree to undertake such obligations toward the Bank as are set forth
in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and the Participating Utility, a portion of the
proceeds of the loan provided for under the Loan Agreement will be
relent to the Participating Utility on the terms and conditions set
forth in said Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Participating Utility, in consideration of the
Bank's entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has
agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the Preamble to this
Agreement and the General Conditions (as so defined) have the
respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) The Participating Utility declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule
2 to the Loan Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out its Part
of the Project (Parts B.1 (a) and B.2 (a)) with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate administrative,
financial, engineering and public utility practices, and shall
provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for its Part of
the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Bank and the Participating Utility
shall otherwise agree, the Participating Utility shall carry out its
Part of the Project in accordance with the Implementation Program
set forth in Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Participating Utility shall carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and
9.09 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods
and services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of its obligations
under the Project Agreement and its Part of the Project.
      Section 2.04. The Participating Utility shall duly perform all
its obligations under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the
Bank shall otherwise agree, the Participating Utility shall not take
or concur in any action which would have the effect of amending,
abrogating, assigning or waiving said Subsidiary Loan Agreement or
any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) The Participating Utility shall, at the
request of the Bank, exchange views with the Bank with regard to the
progress of its Part of the Project, the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement, and other matters relating to the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   The Participating Utility shall promptly inform the Bank
of any condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of its Part of the Project, the accomplishment of the
purposes of the Loan, or the performance by the Participating
Utility of its obligations under this Agreement and under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                 Management and Operations of the
                       Participating Utility
      Section 3.01. The Participating Utility shall carry on its
operations and conduct its affairs in accordance with sound
administrative, financial and public utility practices under the
supervision of qualified and experienced management assisted by
competent staff in adequate numbers.
Page  3
      Section 3.02. The Participating Utility shall at all times
operate and maintain its plant, machinery, equipment and other
property, and from time to time, promptly as needed, make all
necessary repairs and renewals thereof, all in accordance with sound
engineering, financial and public utility practices.
      Section 3.03. The Participating Utility shall take out and
maintain with responsible insurers, or make other provision
satisfactory to the Bank for, insurance against such risks and in
such amounts as shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Participating Utility shall maintain
records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   The Participating Utility shall:
            (i)    have its records, accounts (including those for
                   the Special Account) and financial statements
                   (balance sheets, statements of income and
                   expenses and related statements) for each Fiscal
                   Year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                   auditing principles consistently applied, by
                   independent auditors acceptable to the Bank;
           (ii)    furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year: (A) certified copies of its
                   financial statements for such year as so
                   audited, and (B) the report of such audit by
                   said auditors of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records, accounts and financial
                   statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                   Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
the Participating Utility shall produce on its water activities, for
each Fiscal Year, funds from internal sources equivalent to not less
than 25% of the annual average of the Participating Utility's
capital expenditures incurred, or expected to be incurred, for that
year, the previous Fiscal Year and the next following Fiscal Year.
      (b)   Before September 30 in each Fiscal Year, the
Participating Utility shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by
it and satisfactory to the Bank, review whether it would meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) in respect of such year and
the next following Fiscal Year and shall furnish to the Bank a copy
of such review upon its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that the Participating Utility
would not meet the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for the
Fiscal Year covered by such review, the Participating Utility shall
promptly take all necessary measures (including, without limitation,
recommendation for adjustments of the structure or levels of its
rates) in order to meet such requirements.
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    The term "funds from internal sources" means the
                   difference between:
                   (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources
                         related to operations and consumer
                         contributions in aid of construction, net
                         non-operating income and any reduction in
Page  4
                         working capital other than cash; and
                   (B)   the sum of all expenses related to
                         operations, including administration,
                         adequate maintenance and taxes and
                         payments in lieu of taxes (excluding
                         provision for depreciation and other non-
                         cash operating charges), debt service
                         requirements, all cash dividends and other
                         cash distributions of surplus, increase in
                         working capital other than cash and other
                         cash outflows other than capital
                         expenditures.
           (ii)    The term "net non-operating income" means the
                   difference between:
                   (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                         related to operations; and
                   (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                         lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                         of revenues in (A) above.
          (iii)    The term "working capital other than cash" means
                   the difference between current assets excluding
                   cash and current liabilities at the end of each
                   Fiscal Year.
           (iv)    The term "current assets excluding cash" means
                   all assets other than cash which could in the
                   ordinary course of business be converted into
                   cash within twelve months, including accounts
                   receivable, marketable securities, inventories
                   and pre-paid expenses properly chargeable to
                   operating expenses within the next Fiscal Year.
            (v)    The term "current liabilities" means all
                   liabilities which will become due and payable or
                   could under circumstances then existing be
                   called for payment within twelve months,
                   including accounts payable, customer advances,
                   taxes and payments in lieu of taxes, and
                   dividends.
           (vi)    The term "capital expenditures" means all
                   expenditures on account of fixed assets,
                   including interest charged to construction,
                   related to operations.
          (vii)    Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                   shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                   currency of the Borrower, debt payable in
                   another currency, such valuation shall be made
                   on the basis of the prevailing lawful rate of
                   exchange at which such other currency is, at the
                   time of such valuation, obtainable for the
                   purposes of servicing such debt, or, in the
                   absence of such rate, on the basis of a rate of
                   exchange acceptable to the Bank.
      Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
the Participating Utility shall reach on its water activities a
ratio of total working expenses to total operating revenues not
higher than 87% for Fiscal Year 1996; and 86% for Fiscal Year 1998.
      (b)  Before September 30 in each Fiscal Year, the
Participating Utility shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by
it and satisfactory to the Bank, review whether it would meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) of this Section in respect
of such year and the next following Fiscal year, and shall furnish
to the Bank the results of such review upon its completion.
Page  5
      (c)  If any such review shows that the Participating Utility
would not meet the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) of this
Section for the Fiscal Years covered by such review, the
Participating Utility shall promptly take all necessary measures
(including, without limitation, recommendation for adjustments of
the structure or levels of its rates) in order to meet such
requirements.
      (d)  For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    The terms "total working expenses" means all
                   expenses related to operations, including
                   administration, adequate maintenance, taxes and
                   payments in lieu of taxes, but excluding
                   depreciation, interest and other charges on
                   debt.
           (ii)    The term "total operating revenues" means
                   revenues from all sources related to operations.
      Section 4.04. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
the Participating Utility shall incur no debt for its water
activities unless a reasonable forecast of the revenues and
expenditures shows that the estimated net revenues of said
Participating Utility for each Fiscal Year during the term of the
debt to be incurred shall be at least 1.5 times the estimated debt
service requirements of the Participating Utility in such year on
all of its debt including the debt to be incurred.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    The term "debt" means any indebtedness of the
                   Participating Utility maturing by its terms more
                   than one year after the date on which it is
                   originally incurred.
           (ii)    Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under a
                   loan contract or agreement or other instrument
                   providing for such debt or for the modification
                   of its terms of payment on the date of such
                   contract, agreement or instrument; and (B) under
                   a guarantee agreement, on the date the agreement
                   providing for such guarantee has been entered
                   into.
          (iii)    The term "net revenues" means the difference
                   between:
                   (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources
                         related to operations and net non-
                         operating income; and
                   (B)   the sum of all expenses related to
                         operations including administration,
                         adequate maintenance, taxes and payments
                         in lieu of taxes, but excluding provision
                         for depreciation, other non-cash operating
                         charges and interest and other charges on
                         debt.
           (iv)    The term "net non-operating income" means the
                   difference between:
                   (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                         related to operations; and
                   (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                         lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                         of revenues in (A) above.
            (v)    The term "debt service requirements" means the
Page  6
                   aggregate amount of repayments (including
                   sinking fund payments, if any) of, and interest
                   and other charges on, debt.
           (vi)    The term "reasonable forecast" means a forecast
                   prepared by the Participating Utility not
                   earlier than twelve months prior to the
                   incurrence of the debt in question, which both
                   the Bank and the Participating Utility accept as
                   reasonable and as to which the Bank has notified
                   the Participating Utility of its acceptability,
                   provided that no event has occurred since such
                   notification which has, or may reasonably be
                   expected in the future to have, a material
                   adverse effect on the financial condition or
                   future operating results of the Participating
                   Utility.
          (vii)    Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                   shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                   currency of the Borrower, debt payable in
                   another currency, such valuation shall be made
                   on the basis of the prevailing lawful rate of
                   exchange at which such other currency is, at the
                   time of such valuation, obtainable for the
                   purposes of servicing such debt, or, in the
                   absence of such rate, on the basis of a rate of
                   exchange acceptable to the Bank.
      Section 4.05. (a) The Participating Utility shall for each
Fiscal Year, commencing with the 1997 Fiscal Year, maintain its
water supply receivables at a level which shall not exceed its
average three months' billings.
      (b)   Before September 30 in each Fiscal Year, the
Participating Utility shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by
it and satisfactory to the Bank, review whether it would meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) in respect of such year and
shall furnish to the Bank a copy of such review upon its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that the Participating Utility
would not meet the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for the
Fiscal Year covered by such review, the Participating Utility shall
promptly take all necessary measures in order to meet such
requirements.
      (d)   For purposes of this Section the following terms have
the following meanings:
            (i)    "water supply receivables" means the aggregate
                   amount of all water bills outstanding at the end
                   of the Fiscal Year under review;
           (ii)    "water bills" means the amounts periodically
                   billed by the Participating Utility for the
                   supply of water and the provision of related
                   services by the Participating Utility; and
          (iii)    "average three months' billing" shall be
                   calculated by dividing the aggregate amount of
                   all water bills issued by the Participating
                   Utility during the Fiscal Year under review by
                   4.
      Section 4.06. The provisions of Section 4.02 of the Project
Agreement between the Bank and RAD dated July 27, 1987 (Loan No.
2826 MOR - Greater Casablanca Sewerage Project) are hereby amended
in respect of RAD to read as set forth in Section 4.02 of this
Agreement.
                             ARTICLE V
Page  7
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of the Participating Utility thereunder shall terminate on the
date on which the Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with
its terms, and the Bank shall promptly notify the Participating
Utility thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      For the Participating Utility:
            RAD:
            48, rue Mohamed Diouri
            B.P. 13088
            Casablanca
            Kingdom of Morocco
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   RADECASA                  23008
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of the Participating Utility may be taken or
executed by its Director or such other person or persons as its
Director shall designate in writing, and the Participating Utility
shall furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and
the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
Page  8
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ Caio Koch-Weser
                                           Regional Vice President
                                      Middle East and North Africa
                         THE WATER AND ELECTRICITY DISTRIBUTION
                           AUTHORITY OF CASABLANCA
                         By /s/ Mohamed Benaissa
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines).
      (a)   For fixed-price contracts, the invitation to bid
referred to in paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines shall provide that,
when contract award is delayed beyond the original bid validity
period, the successful bidder's bid price will be increased for each
week of delay by two predisclosed correction factors acceptable to
the Bank, one to be applied to all foreign currency components and
the other to the local currency component of the bid price. Such an
increase shall not be taken into account in the bid evaluation.
      (b)   In the procurement of goods and works in accordance with
this Part A, the Participating Utility shall use the relevant
standard bidding documents issued by the Bank, with such modifi-
cations thereto as the Bank shall have agreed to be necessary for
the purposes of the Project. Where no relevant standard bidding
documents have been issued by the Bank, the Participating Utility
shall use bidding documents based on other internationally
recognized standard forms agreed with the Bank.
2.    To the extent practicable and to maximize competition,
contracts for the supply and installation of pipes and other
equipment shall be grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the
equivalent of $2,000,000.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in the Kingdom of
Morocco may be granted a margin of preference in accordance with,
and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the
Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Page  9
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
Local Competitive Bidding
1.    Contracts for equipment and vehicles estimated to cost the
equivalent of $400,000 or less per contract, up to an aggregate
amount equivalent to $1,600,000, and contracts for works estimated
to cost the equivalent of $2,500,000 or less per contract, up to an
aggregate amount equivalent to $10,000,000, may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised
locally, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
Local Shopping
2.    Goods and repair services estimated to cost the equivalent of
$50,000 or less per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent
to $300,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
comparison of price quotations obtained from at least three
suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Bank.
Part D:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract to be awarded in
accordance with the procedures set forth or referred to in Part A of
this Section I, and with respect to each contract to be awarded in
accordance with the procedures set forth or referred to in Part C.
1 of this Section I, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said
paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Bank prior to the making
of the first payment out of the Special Account in respect of such
contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, said procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding sub-paragraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals are to be
made on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II. Employment of Consultants
1.    Consultants' services shall be procured under contracts
awarded to consultants: (A) whose qualifications, experience and
terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Bank; and (B) who shall be selected in accordance with principles
and procedures satisfactory to the Bank on the basis of the
"Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and
by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in
August 1981 (the Consultant Guidelines). For complex, time-based
assignments, the Participating Utility shall employ such consultants
under contracts using the standard form of contract for consultants'
services issued by the Bank, with such modifications as shall have
been agreed by the Bank. Where no relevant standard contract
documents have been issued by the Bank, the Participating Utility
Page  10
shall use other standard forms agreed with the Bank.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Section,
the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring prior Bank
review or approval of budgets, short lists, selection procedures,
letters of invitation, proposals, evaluation reports and contracts
shall not apply to contracts estimated to cost less than $100,000
equivalent each. However, this exception to prior Bank review shall
not apply to the terms of reference for such contracts or to the
employment of individuals, to single source selection of firms, to
assignments of a critical nature as reasonably determined by the
Bank or to amendments of contracts raising the contract value to
$100,000 equivalent or above.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                      Implementation Program
1.    Under Part B (2) of the Project, the Participating Utility
shall:
      (a)   prepare and furnish to the Borrower and the Bank for
their review a proposed performance contract for water activities,
setting forth investment, financial and operational targets to be
achieved by the Participating Utility during Fiscal Years 1994
through 1998, and undertakings by both the Participating Utility and
the Borrower designed to enable the Participating Utility to achieve
said targets;
      (b)   afford the Borrower and the Bank a reasonable
opportunity to exchange views with the Participating Utility on said
performance contract, and thereafter, promptly conclude with the
Borrower such performance contract, including such investment,
financial and operational targets as shall have been agreed among
the Borrower, the Bank and the Participating Utility; and
      (c)   upon the conclusion of the performance contract referred
to in paragraph (b) of this Section, at all times take all necessary
action to achieve its Investment, Financial and Operational Targets.
2.    The Participating Utility shall:
      (a)   maintain, or cause to be maintained, operational
procedures adequate to enable it to monitor and evaluate, in
accordance with the indicators set forth in the Performance
Contract, the carrying out of the Project, including the achievement
of its Investment, Financial and Operational Targets;
      (b)   prepare and furnish to the Borrower and the Bank not
later than September 30 of each Fiscal Year, a report, of such scope
and in such detail as the Bank shall reasonably request, on the
conclusions and recommendations indicated by the monitoring and
evaluation activities performed pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) of
this paragraph 2 in respect of the preceding Fiscal Year, together
with any revisions proposed to be introduced into its Investment,
Financial and Operational Targets, and a proposed updated
Performance Contract including proposed Investment, Financial and
Operational Targets for such period, and any other measures proposed
to further the progress in the carrying out of the Project; and
      (c)   thereafter, promptly update such Performance Contract
and introduce such revisions into its Investment, Financial and
Operational Targets as shall have been agreed among the Borrower,
the Bank and the Participating Utility, and undertake any additional
measures to further the progress in the carrying out of the Project
as shall have been agreed between the Bank and the Participating
Utility.
                            SCHEDULE 3
Page  11
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1),
(2), (3) and (4) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule
1 to the Kingdom Loan Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods, works and services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Kingdom Loan Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $3,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Loan Account and
deposited in the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to it that
the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Bank a request or requests for a
deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the
Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests, the
Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan
Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or amounts as
the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Bank requests for
                   deposits into the Special Account at such
                   intervals as the Bank shall specify.
           (ii)    Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank the
                   documents and other evidence required pursuant
                   to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment
                   or payments in respect of which replenishment is
                   requested. On the basis of each such request,
                   the Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                   withdraw from the Loan Account and deposit into
                   the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                   shall have requested and as shall have been
                   shown by said documents and other evidence to
                   have been paid out of the Special Account for
                   eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the Loan
Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Bank shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Bank such documents and other
evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Bank shall not be required to make further deposits
into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Bank shall have determined that all
further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly from the
Page  12
Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Article V of the
General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of the Kingdom
Loan Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated
to the eligible Categories for Part C of the Project, less the
amount of any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Bank pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect
to Part C of the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the
amount of Authorized Allocation.
6.    (a)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an expenditure
or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of this
Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to the
Bank, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank: (A)
provide such additional evidence as the Bank may request; or (B)
deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Bank shall so request,
refund to the Bank) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or
the portion thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless the Bank
shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Bank into the
Special Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such
evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be required to
cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the Borrower
shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank, refund to the Bank such
outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Bank, refund to the
Bank all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the Special
Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Bank made pursuant to paragraphs 6 (a),
(b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Loan Account
for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance with the
relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the General
Conditions.
