Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3500 PAK
          (Domestic Energy Resources Development Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                SUI NORTHERN GAS PIPELINES LIMITED
                       Dated October 1, 1992
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3500 PAK
                      SNGPL PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated October 1, 1992, between INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and SUI NORTHERN GAS
PIPELINES LIMITED (SNGPL).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Islamic Republic of Pakistan (the Borrower) and the Bank,
the Bank has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to one hundred eighty million dollars
($180,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that SNGPL agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and SNGPL, part of the proceeds of the loan
provided for under the Loan Agreement will be made available to
SNGPL on the terms and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan
Agreement; and
      WHEREAS SNGPL, in consideration of the Bank's entering into
Page  2
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the Preamble to this
Agreement and the General Conditions (as so defined) have the
respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. SNGPL declares its commitment to the objectives
of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement,
and, to this end, shall carry out Parts A (5), (6) and (7) and Part
B (2) of the Project with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate administrative, financial, engineering
and petroleum industry practices, and shall provide, or cause to be
provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and
other resources required for said Parts of the Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for Parts A (5), (6) and (7) and B (2) of the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the
provisions of the Schedule to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. SNGPL shall carry out the obligations set forth
in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land acquisi-
tion, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement and
Parts A (5), (6) and (7) and B (2) of the Project.
      Section 2.04. SNGPL shall duly perform all its obligations
under the SNGPL Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree, SNGPL shall not take or concur in any action which
would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) SNGPL shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to progress of Parts A (5),
(6) and (7) and B (2) of the Project, the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the SNGPL Subsidiary Loan
Agreement, and other matters relating to the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   SNGPL shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of
Parts A (5), (6) and (7) and B (2) of the Project, the accomplish-
ment of the purposes of the Loan, or the performance by SNGPL of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the SNGPL Subsidiary Loan
Agreement.
      Section 2.06. SNGPL shall ensure that the construction of
facilities under Part A (5) and (6) of the Project shall be
undertaken in compliance with the measures recommended under the
EAR.
      Section 2.07. SNGPL shall prepare, in accordance with a format
satisfactory to the Bank, and furnish to the Bank quarterly reports
on progress in the carrying out of Parts A (5), (6) and (7) and B
(2) of the Project.
                            ARTICLE III
                Management and Operations of SNGPL
Page  3
      Section 3.01. SNGPL shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial and
engineering practices under the supervision of qualified and
experienced management assisted by competent staff in adequate
numbers.
      Section 3.02. SNGPL shall at all times operate and maintain
its plant, machinery, equipment and other property, all in accord-
ance with sound engineering and financial practices.
      Section 3.03. SNGPL shall take out and maintain with respon-
sible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the Bank
for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be
consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) SNGPL shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   SNGPL shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial state-
                  ments (balance sheets, statements of income and
                  expenses and related statements) for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the Bank;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end
                  of each such year, (A) certified copies of its
                  financial statements for such year as so audited
                  and (B) the report of such audit by said auditors
                  of such scope and in such detail as the Bank
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information con-
                  cerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of SNGPL thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the
Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the
Bank shall promptly notify SNGPL thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
Page  4
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                  197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      For SNGPL:
            Sui Northern Gas Pipelines Limited
            Gas House
            21 Kashmir Road
            Lahore, Pakistan
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                  SUI NORTH                  445-677- SNGP PK
                  Lahore
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of SNGPL, may be taken or executed by the
Managing Director of SNGPL or such other person or persons as the
Managing Director shall designate in writing, and SNGPL shall
furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all collec-
tively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ D. Joseph Wood
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                        South Asia
                  SUI NORTHERN GAS PIPELINES LIMITED
                  By /s/ Arshad Farooq
                                         Authorized Representative
Page  5
                             SCHEDULE
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
             under Parts A (5), (6) and (7) and B (2)
                          of the Project
Section I:  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
      Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in Pakistan may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Items of equipment and materials estimated to cost the
equivalent of not more than $500,000 per contract, may be procured
under contracts awarded through limited international bidding
procedures on the basis of evaluation and comparison of bids invited
from a list of at least three qualified suppliers eligible under the
Guidelines and in accordance with procedures set forth in Sections
I and II of the Guidelines (excluding paragraphs 2.8, 2.9, 2.55 and
2.56 thereof.
2.    Items or groups of items estimated to cost the equivalent of
not more than $250,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount not
to exceed the equivalent of $2,000,000, may be procured under
contracts solicited from a list of at least three suppliers from at
least two different countries eligible under the Guidelines, in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Bank.
3.    Items of equipment which the Bank agrees that they are
proprietary may be procured under contracts to be concluded with the
suppliers thereof on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Bank;
provided, however, that such items shall cost in the aggregate the
equivalent of not more than $13,000,000.
Part D:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $1,000,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Bank
prior to the making of the first payment out of the Special Account
in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to the Loan Agreement.
Page  6
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the Loan
Account are to be made on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 10% is hereby specified for purposes of para-
graph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist SNGPL in the carrying out of Part B (2) of
the Project, SNGPL shall employ, by December 31, 1992, consultants
whose qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank. Such consultants shall
be selected in accordance with principles and procedures satisfac-
tory to the Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by The World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
