Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2329 IN
                 (Shrimp and Fish Culture Project)
                              between
                               INDIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                      Dated January 29, 1992
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2329 IN
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated January 29, 1992, between INDIA, acting by
its President (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Project will be carried out by the Borrower and by
the Project States (as hereinafter defined) with the Borrower's
assistance and, as part of such assistance, the Borrower will make
available to the Project States a portion of the proceeds of the
Credit as provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Project
Agreement of even date herewith between the Association and the
Project States;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Project Agreement" means the agreement between the
Association and the State of Andhra Pradesh, the State of Bihar, the
State of Orissa, the State of Uttar Pradesh and the State of West
Bengal of even date herewith, as the same may be amended from time
to time, and such term includes all schedules and agreements
supplemental to the Project Agreement;
      (b)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (c)   "Andhra Pradesh" means the State of Andhra Pradesh, a
State of the Borrower, or any successor thereto;
      (d)   "Bihar" means the State of Bihar, a State of the
Borrower, or any successor thereto;
      (e)   "Orissa" means the State of Orissa, a State of the
Borrower or any successor thereto;
      (f)   "Uttar Pradesh" means the State of Uttar Pradesh, a
State of the Borrower or any successor thereto;
      (g)   "West Bengal" means the State of West Bengal, a State of
the Borrower, or any successor thereto;
      (h)   "Project States" means Andhra Pradesh, Bihar, Orissa,
Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal collectively and "Project State" means
any one of them individually;
      (i)   "MOA" means the Ministry of Agriculture of the Borrower;
      (j)   "BFDA" means Brackishwater Farmers Development Agency of
each relevant Project State;
      (k)   "CICEF" means the Borrower's Central Institute of
Coastal Engineering for Fisheries;
      (l)   "CPU" means the Central Project Unit established by the
Borrower within its MOA;
      (m)   "DOF" means the Department of Fisheries of each Project
State;
      (n)   "FFDA" means the Fish Farmer Development Agency of each
relevant Project State;
      (o)   "SPU" means the State Project Unit established by each
Project State within its DOF;
      (p)   "Participating Bank" means either a commercial bank or
a cooperative bank, satisfactory to the Association, in each Project
State with which each such State enters into a Participation
Agreement (as hereinafter defined);
      (q)   "Participation Agreement" means the agreement entered
Page  3
into by each Project State with a Participating Bank pursuant to
Section 6.01 of this Agreement for purposes of acting as a financial
agent on behalf of each such State in providing Project Sub-loans
(as hereinafter defined) under Parts A.2 and B.2 of the Project
(collectively referred to as "Participation Agreements");
      (r)   "Individual Shrimp Beneficiary" means an individual in
a relevant Project State selected in accordance with procedures and
criteria set forth in Section I of Schedule 3 to the Project
Agreement (collectively referred to as "Individual Shrimp
Beneficiaries");
      (s)   "Shrimp Beneficiary" means a private entrepreneur or an
entity wholly or partially owned by the State in a relevant Project
State (collectively referred to as "Shrimp  Beneficiaries");
      (t)   "Cooperative Beneficiary" means a Cooperative
established under the relevant laws of the Borrower or a Project
State and selected in accordance with procedures and criteria set
forth in Section II of Schedule 3 to this Agreement (collectively
referred to as "Cooperative Beneficiaries");
      (u)   "Fish Beneficiary" means a private entrepreneur in a
Project State (collectively referred to as "Fish Beneficiaries");
      (v)   "Project Beneficiaries" means one or more of the
following: Individual Shrimp Beneficiaries, Shrimp Beneficiaries,
Cooperative Beneficiaries and Fish Beneficiaries;
      (w)   "Shrimp Sub-loan" means a loan or credit made or
proposed to be made by a Participating Bank, acting as a financial
agent on behalf of a relevant Project State, to a Shrimp Beneficiary
for carrying out a Shrimp Sub-Project (as hereinafter defined) in
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and the Project
Agreement (collectively referred to as "Shrimp Sub-loans");
      (x)   "Shrimp Working Capital Sub-loan" means a loan or credit
made or proposed to be made by a Participating Bank, acting as a
financial agent on behalf of a relevant Project State, to an
Individual Shrimp Beneficiary for carrying out a Shrimp Working
Capital Sub-project (as hereinafter defined) in accordance with the
provisions of this Agreement and the Project Agreement (collectively
referred to as "Shrimp Working Capital Sub-loans");
      (y)   "Fish Sub-loan" means a loan or credit made or proposed
to be made by a Participating Bank, acting as a financial agent on
behalf of a Project State, to a Fish Beneficiary for carrying out a
Fish Sub-project (as hereinafter defined) in accordance with the
provisions of this Agreement and the Project Agreement (collectively
referred to as "Fish Sub-loans");
      (z)   "Category I Fish Working Capital Sub-loan" means a loan
or credit made or proposed to be made by a Participating Bank,
acting as a financial agent on behalf of a Project State, to a
Cooperative Beneficiary for carrying out a Category-I Fish Working
Capital Sub-Project (as hereinafter defined) in accordance with the
provisions of this Agreement and the Project Agreement (collectively
referred to as "Category I Fish Working Capital Sub-loans");
      (aa)  "Category II Fish Working Capital Sub-loan" means a loan
or credit made or proposed to be made by a Participating Bank,
acting as a financial agent on behalf of a Project State, to a
Cooperative Beneficiary for carrying out a Category II Fish Working
Capital Sub-project (as hereinafter defined) in accordance with the
provisions of this Agreement and the Project Agreement (collectively
referred to as "Category II Fish Working Capital Sub-loans");
      (bb)  "Project Sub-loans" means one or more of the following:
Shrimp Sub-loans, Shrimp Working Capital Sub-loans, Fish Sub-loans,
Category I Fish Working Capital Sub-loans, and Category II Fish
Working Capital Sub-loans;
Page  4
      (cc)  "Shrimp Sub-project" means a specific development
project for the establishment of shrimp hatcheries, backyard
nurseries, feed mills, ice plants and quick freezing plants or
other related activities, acceptable to the Association, to be
carried out by a Shrimp Beneficiary utilizing the proceeds of a
Shrimp Sub-loan in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement
and the Project Agreement (collectively referred to as "Shrimp Sub-
project");
      (dd)  "Shrimp Working Capital Sub-project" means a sub-project
for the initial stocking of seed and feed to be carried out by an
Individual Shrimp Beneficiary utilizing the proceeds of a Shrimp
Working Capital Sub-loan in accordance with the provisions of this
Agreement and the Project Agreement (collectively referred to as
"Shrimp Working Capital Sub-projects");
      (ee)  "Fish Sub-project" means a specific development project
for the establishment of fish hatcheries and ice plants to be
carried out by a Fish Beneficiary utilizing the proceeds of a Fish
Sub-loan in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and the
Project Agreement (collectively referred to as "Fish Sub-projects");
      (ff)  "Category I Fish Working Capital Sub-project" means a
specific development project for the establishment of rearing ponds,
fish pens and cages to be carried out by a Cooperative Beneficiary
utilizing the proceeds of a Category I Fish Working Capital Sub-loan
in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and the Project
Agreement (collectively referred to as "Category I Fish Working
Capital Sub-projects");
      (gg)  "Category II Fish Working Capital Sub-project" means a
sub-project for the acquisition of boats and nets and for the
initial stocking of reservoirs and ox-bow lakes with fingerlings and
feed to be carried out by a Cooperative Beneficiary utilizing the
proceeds of a Category II Fish Working Capital Sub-loan in
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and the Project
Agreement (collectively referred to as "Category II Fish Working
Capital Sub-projects");
      (hh)  "Sub-projects" means one or more of the following:
Shrimp Sub-projects, Shrimp Working Capital Sub-projects, Fish Sub-
projects, Category I Fish Working Capital Sub-projects and Category
II Fish Working Capital Sub-projects; and
      (ii)  "Project Sub-loan Agreements" means agreements providing
for Project Sub-loans.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to sixty-two million nine hundred thousand Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 62,900,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in the
Reserve Bank of India on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association. Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account
shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 3 to
this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1999 or such
Page  5
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next date in that year specified in
Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on June 1 and December 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each June 1 and December 1 commencing
June 1, 2001 and ending December 1, 2025. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on December 1, 2010 shall be one
and one-fourth percent (1-1/4%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two and one-half percent (2-1/2%) of
such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years, and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Page  6
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out Part D of the Project
through MOA with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative and financial practices, and shall
provide, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and
other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   Without any limitation or restriction upon any of its
other obligations under the Development Credit Agreement, the
Borrower shall cause the Project States to perform in accordance
with the provisions of the Project Agreement all the obligations of
the Project States therein set forth, shall take and cause to be
taken all action, including the provision of funds, facilities,
services and other resources, necessary or appropriate to enable the
Project States to perform such obligations, and shall not take or
permit to be taken any action which would prevent or interfere with
such performance.
      (c)   The Borrower shall make a portion of the proceeds of the
Credit available to the Project States in accordance with the
Borrower's standard arrangements for developmental assistance to the
States of India.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Project
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower and the Association hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of Part
D of the Project shall be carried out by the Borrower, and in
respect of Parts A, B and C of the Project by the Project States
pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Project Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of Part D of the Project of the departments
or agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out such Part
of the Project or any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section and those for the
                  Special Account for each fiscal year audited, in
                  accordance with appropriate auditing principles
                  consistently applied, by independent auditors
                  acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than nine months after
                  the end of each such year, a certified copy of
                  the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
Page  7
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and the audit
                  thereof as the Association shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with sound accounting practices, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the
                  Association has received the audit for the fiscal
                  year in which the last withdrawal from the Credit
                  Account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   Any Project State shall have failed to perform any of
its obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (b)   As a result of events which have occurred after the date
of the Development Credit Agreement, an extraordinary situation
shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that any Project
State will be able to perform its obligations under the Project
Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely,
that the event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 5.01 of this
Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of sixty days
after notice thereof shall have been given by the Association to the
Borrower.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following event is specified as an addi-
tional condition to the effectiveness of the Development Credit
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General
Conditions, namely, that Participation Agreements, satisfactory to
the Association, have been entered into by each Project State with
a Participating Bank.
      Section 6.02 The following is specified as an additional
matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association, namely, that the Project Agreement has
been duly authorized or ratified by each Project State, and is
Page  8
legally binding upon each such State in accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
      Section 6.04. The obligations of the Borrower under Section
3.03 of this Agreement and the provisions of Section 5.02 of this
Agreement shall cease and determine on the date on which the
Development Credit Agreement shall terminate or on the date twenty
years after the date of this Agreement, whichever shall be the
earlier.
                            ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Secretary, Additional Secretary, Joint
Secretary, Director, Deputy Secretary, or Under Secretary of the
Department of Economic Affairs of the Ministry of Finance of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            The Secretary to the Government of India
            Ministry of Finance
            Department of Economic Affairs
            New Delhi, PIN 110001, India
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  ECOFAIRS                  953-3166175
                  New Delhi
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                    197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INDIA
                  By /s/ Lalit Mansingh
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
Page  9
                  By /s/ Joseph Wood
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                        South Asia
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1) Civil works               38,500,000        90%
(2) Equipment,                 6,700,000        100% of foreign
    fishmeal,                                   expenditures,
    vehicles,                                   100% of local
    boats and                                   expenditures
    furniture                                   (ex-factory
                                                cost) and 80%
                                                of local ex-
                                                penditures for
                                                other items pro-
                                                cured locally
(3) Goods and works           14,000,000        80%
    under Project
    Sub-loans
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(4) Consultants'               2,200,000        100%
    services and
    training
(5) Incremental                1,500,000        80% of expendi-
    staff costs                                 tures incurred
                                                until March 31,
                                                1994, 70% of
                                                expenditures
                                                incurred there-
                                                after until
                                                March 31, 1996,
                                                and 60% of
                                                expenditures in-
                                                curred thereafter
                              __________
         TOTAL                62,900,000
                              ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower;
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower; and
      (c)   the term "incremental staff costs" means the incremental
costs for salaries and allowances of the staff of CPU and CICEF
incurred by the Borrower and its relevant departments and agencies,
Page  10
and the staff of SPU, BFDA and FFDA incurred by each Project State
and its relevant departments and agencies for purposes of
implementing the Project.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement, except that
withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not exceeding the equivalent of
SDR 1,500,000, may be made on account of payments made for
expenditures before that date but after July 31, 1991.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objective of the Project is to increase shrimp and fish
production in the Project States which would lead, inter alia, to
increase of exports, improvement of low-productivity land,
protection of ecologically vulnerable areas, create employment,
improve economic and social welfare of weaker sections and foster
rural development.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Brackishwater Shrimp Culture
1.    Development of pond sites for carrying out brackishwater
shrimp farming and culture, about 5 each in Andhra Pradesh and West
Bengal and about 3 in Orissa, consisting of:
      (a)   construction of clusters of shrimp ponds and supporting
common infrastructure, including cyclone protection and perimeter
dykes, main and secondary supply and drainage canals, control gates,
reservoir, pumps and pump houses, handling sheds, warehouses, and
guard houses; and
      (b)   construction of approach and internal roads, fresh water
supply facilities, including deep wells, pumps and supply lines and
electrical systems, including provision of generating sets.
2.    Provision of Shrimp Sub-loans to Shrimp Beneficiaries and
Shrimp Working Capital Sub-loans to Individual Shrimp Beneficiaries
for carrying out Shrimp Sub-projects and Shrimp Working Capital Sub-
projects respectively.
Part B:     Inland Fisheries
1.    Development of inland fisheries in about 130 reservoirs in
Andhra Pradesh, Orissa and Uttar Pradesh, and in about 60 ox-bow
lakes in Bihar, West Bengal and Uttar Pradesh, consisting of:
      (a)   construction of protection dykes, inlet and outlet
gates, gravel roads, and fish handling sheds; and
      (b)   deweeding and dividing of ox-bow lakes.
2.    Provision of: (a) Fish Sub-loans to Fish Beneficiaries for
carrying out Fish Sub-projects; (b) Category I Fish Working Capital
Sub-loans to Cooperative Beneficiaries for carrying out Category I
Fish Working Capital Sub-projects; and (c) Category II Fish Working
Capital Sub-loans to Cooperative Beneficiaries for carrying out
Category II Fish Working Capital Sub-projects.
Part C:     Project Management
1.    Training of extension staff, Project Beneficiaries,
participating non-governmental organizations and staff of SPUs,
BFDAs and FFDAs.
Page  11
2.    Provision of consultants, staff, vehicles, equipment and
furnishings to SPUs, BFDAs and FFDAs.
3.    Carrying out of a program to mitigate the adverse
environmental impacts of the Project.
Part D:     Monitoring and Coordination
1.    Strengthening CPU for purposes of planning, coordinating and
monitoring the activities under the Project.
2.    Provision of consultants, staff, vehicles, equipment and
furniture for CPU and CICEF.
3.    Carrying out of a pilot program for the production of Artemia
cyst, including provision of training, equipment and a consultant.
                           *     *     *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1998.
                            SCHEDULE 3
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1),
(2), (3), (4) and (5) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $4,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                  requests for deposits into the Special Account at
                  such intervals as the Association shall specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
Page  12
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                  by said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation. Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit
Account of the remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated
to the eligible Categories shall follow such procedures as the
Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further
withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent that the
Association shall have been satisfied that all such amounts
remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date of such
notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible expen-
ditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
Page  13
