Page  1
                                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2807 VN
                       Development Credit Agreement
                  (Population and Family Health Project)
                                  between
                      SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF VIET NAM
                                    and
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                         Dated February 26, 1996
                                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2807 VN
                       DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated Februry 26, 1996, between SOCIALIST
REPUBLIC OF VIET NAM (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to
the feasibility and priority of the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has requested the Association to
assist in the financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Borrower intends to contract from the Asian
Development Bank (ADB) a loan (the ADB Loan) in an amount
equivalent to forty one million dollars ($41,000,000) to assist
in financing Part B.1 of the Project in the Project Provinces
listed as Part B in the Annex to Schedule 2 to this Agreement
and the development of private sector participation in family
planning and reproductive health services under Part A.4 of the
Project, on the terms and conditions set forth in an agreement
(the ADB Loan Agreement) to be entered into between the
Borrower and ADB; and
      (C)   the Borrower intends to contract from the
Kreditanstalt fur Wiederaufbau (KfW) a grant (the KfW Grant) in
the amount of thirty million Deutschemark (DM 30,000,000) to
assist in financing a portion of the contraceptive commodities
under Part A.3 of the Project, on the terms and conditions set
forth in an agreement (the KfW Grant Agreement) to be entered
into between the Government of the Borrower and KfW; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower
upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                      General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the modifications set forth below (the
General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this
Agreement:
      (a)   The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      (b)   The second sentence of Section 5.01 is modified to read:
            "Except as the Association and the Borrower shall
            otherwise agree, no withdrawals shall be made; (a)
            on account of expenditures in the territories of any
            country which is not a member of the Bank or for
            goods produced in, or services supplied from, such
            territories; or (b) for the purpose of any payment
            to persons or entities, or for any import of goods,
            if such payment or import, to the knowledge of the
            Association, is prohibited by a decision of the
            United Nations Security Council taken under Chapter
            VII of the Charter of the United Nations."
      Section 1.02.  Unless the  context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the
Preamble to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein
set forth and the following additional terms have the following
meanings:
      (a)   "Local Governments of the Project Provinces" means
the Provincial Peoples' Committees of each Project Province;
      (b)   "MOF" means the Borrower's Ministry of Finance, and
any successor thereto;
      (c)   "MOH" means the Borrower's Ministry of Health, and
any successor thereto;
      (d)   "MPI" means the Borrower's Ministry of Planning and
Investment, and any successor thereto;
      (e)   "NCPFP" means the Borrower's National Committee for
Population and Family Planning, and any successor thereto;
      (f)   "Project Provinces" means the provinces listed in the
Annex to Schedule 2 to this Agreement, and "Part A Provinces"
means the provinces listed under Part A of said Annex;
      (g)   "State Bank of Viet Nam" and the acronym "SBV" mean
the Borrower's central bank, and any successor thereto; and
      (h)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of  this Agreement.
                                ARTICLE II
                                The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
in the Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent to thirty three million six hundred
Page  3
thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 33,600,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be
withdrawn from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures
made (or, if the Association shall so agree, to be made) in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required
for the Project described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower may, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in a
commercial bank acceptable to the Association, and on terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Association, including
appropriate protection against set-off, seizure or attachment.
Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account shall
be made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 5 to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 2003 or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The
Association shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later
date.
      Section 2.04. (a)  The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a commitment charge on the principal amount of the
Credit not withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by
the Association as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed
the rate of one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date)
to the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by
the Borrower from the Credit Account or canceled; and (ii) at
the rate set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the
accrual date and at such other rates as may be set from time to
time thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a) above. The rate set
as of June 30 in each year shall be applied from the next date
in that year specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such
places as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii)
without restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the
territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified
in this Agreement for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the
General Conditions or in such other eligible currency or
currencies as may from time to time be designated or selected
pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4
of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit
withdrawn and outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall
be payable semiannually on January 1 and July 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below,
the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in
semi-annual installments payable on each January 1 and July 1
commencing July 1, 2006 and ending January 1, 2036. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on January
1, 2016 shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and
each installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such
principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product
per capita, as determined by the Association, shall have
exceeded $790 in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive
years, and (ii) the Bank shall consider the Borrower
creditworthy for Bank lending, the Association may, subsequent
to the review and approval thereof by the Executive Directors
Page  4
of the Association and after due consideration by them of the
development of the Borrower's economy, modify the terms of
repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower,
the Association may revise such modification to include, in
lieu of some or all of the increase in the amounts of such
installments, the payment of interest at an annual rate agreed
with the Association on the principal amount of the Credit
withdrawn and outstanding from time to time, provided that, in
the judgment of the Association, such revision shall not change
the grant element obtained under the above-mentioned repayment
modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms
pursuant to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines
that the Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated
significantly, the Association may, if so requested by the
Borrower, further modify the terms of repayment to conform to
the schedule of installments as provided in paragraph (a)
above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America
is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the
General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE III
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to
the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project
through NCPFP and the Local Governments of the Project
Provinces with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity
with appropriate economic, financial, administrative,
technical, health care and family planning practices, and shall
provide, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services
and other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section and except as the Borrower and
the Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall carry
out the Project in accordance with the provisions set forth in
Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. For the purposes of Section 9.07 of the
General Conditions and without limitation thereto,  the
Borrower shall:
      (a)   prepare, on the basis of guidelines acceptable to the
Association, and furnish to the Association not later than six
(6) months after the Closing Date or such later date as may be
agreed for this purpose between the Borrower and the
Association, a plan designed to ensure the sustainability of
the Project; and
      (b)   afford the Association a reasonable opportunity to
exchange views with the Borrower on said plan.
                                ARTICLE IV
                            Financial Covenants
Page  5
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to
be maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices the operations,
resources and expenditures in respect of the Project of the
departments or agencies of the Borrower and of each of the
Local Governments of the Project Provinces responsible for
carrying out the Project or any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
           (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those
                  for the Special Account for each fiscal year
                  audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the
                  Association;
          (ii)    furnish to the Association, as soon as
                  available, but in any case not later than nine
                  (9) months after the end of each such year, a
                  certified copy of the report of such audit by
                  said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                  as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other
                  information concerning said records, accounts
                  and the audit thereof as the Association shall
                  from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the basis of
statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
           (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                  accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                  records and accounts reflecting such
                  expenditures;
          (ii)    retain, until at least one year after the
                  Association has received the audit for the fiscal
                  year in which the last withdrawal from the Credit
                  Account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                  report of such audit contains a separate
                  opinion by said auditors as to whether the
                  statements of expenditure submitted during such
                  fiscal year, together with the procedures and
                  internal controls involved in their
                  preparation, can be relied upon to support the
                  related withdrawals.
                                 ARTICLE V
                        Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a) (i) The KfW Grant Agreement shall have failed to
become effective by September 30, 1996, or (ii) the ADB Loan
Page  6
Agreement shall have failed to become effective by March 31,
1997, or such later dates as the Association may agree;
provided, however, that the provisions of this paragraph shall
not apply if the Borrower establishes to the satisfaction of
the Association that adequate funds for the Project are
available to the Borrower from other sources on terms and
conditions consistent with the obligations of the Borrower
under this Agreement.
      (b)   (i)   Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph:
                  (A)   The right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                        proceeds of  the ADB Loan or of the KfW
                        Grant made to the Borrower for the
                        financing of the Project shall have been
                        suspended, cancelled or terminated in
                        whole or in part, pursuant to the terms of
                        the ADB Loan Agreement, or the KfW Grant
                        Agreement, as the case may be; or
                  (B)   ADB Loan shall have become due and payable
                        prior to the agreed maturity thereof.
     (ii)   Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not apply
            if the Borrower establishes to the satisfaction of
            the Association that: (A) such suspension,
            cancellation, termination or prematuring is not
            caused by the failure of the Borrower to perform any
            of its obligations under such agreement; and (B)
            adequate funds for the Project are available to the
            Borrower from other sources on terms and conditions
            consistent with the obligations of the Borrower
            under this Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
       (a)  the event specified in paragraph (a)(ii) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur; and
                      (b)  the event specified in paragraph (b) (i)
(B) of Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur, subject to
the proviso of paragraph (b) (ii) of that Section.
                                ARTICLE VI
                        Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of the Development
Credit Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the
General Conditions:
      (a)   the Project Steering Committee has been established
            in accordance with the provisions of paragraph
            A.1.(a) of Schedule 4 to this Agreement;
      (b)   the Project Executive Committee has been established
            in accordance with the provisions of paragraph
            A.1.(b) of Schedule 4 to this Agreement;
      (c)   the Project Director shall have been appointed
            and the Project Management Unit shall have been
            established, all in accordance with the
            provisions of paragraph A.1(c) of Schedule 4 to
            this Agreement; and
      (d)   a Provincial Project Manager shall have been appointed
            for each of the Provincial Project Management Units and
            the Provincial Project Management Units for each of the
            Part A Project Provinces shall have been established,
Page  7
            all in accordance with the provisions of paragraph A.2
            of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 6.02. The date ninety (90) days after the date of
this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section
12.04 of the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE VII
                 Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Governor of the State Bank of Viet Nam
is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for
the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            State Bank of Viet Nam
            49 Ly Thai To Street
            Hanoi
            Socialist Republic of Viet Nam
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  VIETBANK                412248 NHTWVT
                  Hanoi
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                   Telex:
                  INDEVAS                    197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                  SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF VIET NAM
                  By /s/ Le Van Bang
                                                Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Russell J. Cheetham
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                                    East Asia and Pacific
                                SCHEDULE 1
Page  8
                 Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of
the amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage
of expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                             (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1)  Civil Works               4,030,000        90%
(2)  Goods                    15,300,000        100% of foreign
                                                expenditures,
                                                100% of local
                                                expenditures
                                                (ex-factory cost)
                                                and 85% of local
                                                expenditures for
                                                other items pro-
                                                cured locally
(3)  Allowances under          3,900,000        70%
     Part B.2 of
     the Project
(4)  Operating costs            410,000        70%
(5)  Consultants'             7,190,000        100%
     services,
     training and
     studies other
     than for
     Part A.4
     of the Project
(6)  Consultants'              1,350,000        100%
     services,
     training and
     studies under
     Part A.4 of
     the Project
(7)  Unallocated               1,420,000
                              __________
     TOTAL                    33,600,000
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country
other than that of the Borrower;
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied
from the territory of the Borrower;
      (c)   the term  "Allowances" under Part B.2 of the Project
means the expenditures incurred for honoraria to outreach
workers in family planning and family health; and
      (d)   the term "Operating costs" means the expenditures
incurred by training staff and Project management staff for:
(i) staff travel and subsistence allowances; (ii) supplies; and
(iii) communications; all calculated in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Association.
Page  9
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a) payments made for expenditures prior to the date of
this Agreement, except that withdrawals, in an aggregate amount
not exceeding the equivalent of SDR 1,350,000, may be made in
respect of Categories (1), (2), (4), (5) and (6) on account of
payments made for expenditures before that date but after June
30, 1995; and
      (b) Category 3 until the Borrower shall have furnished to
the Association an action plan, satisfactory to the
Association, for the carrying out of Part B.2 of the Project
prepared on the basis of the results of the pilot testing of
improved community based outreach systems for family planning
and family health implemented under Part A.4 of the Project.
4.    The Association may require withdrawals from the Credit
Account to be made on the basis of statements of expenditure
for expenditures for: (a) goods under contracts costing less
than $150,000 equivalent; (b) works under contracts costing
less than $150,000 equivalent;  (c) services provided by
consulting firms under contracts costing less than $100,000
equivalent; (d) services provided by individual consultants
under contracts costing less than $50,000 equivalent; and (e)
training, studies, operating costs and allowances under Part B
of the Project; all under such terms and conditions as the
Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower.
                                SCHEDULE 2
                        Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to assist the Borrower
in improving the health of the population of Viet Nam and
achieving further reductions in fertility and population growth
through: (a) an improved and increased utilization of family
planning and related family health services; (b) enhancing
NCPFP's management, planning and policy formulation
capabilities; and (c) expanding the knowledge base upon which
NCPFP and MOH policy and technical guidelines are to be
formulated.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to
such modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association
may agree upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A
1.    Strengthening and expanding the Borrower's integrated
information, education and communication (IEC) program for
family health and family planning, through the production,
distribution and dissemination of relevant information and
materials and training of IEC trainers and staff and of health
care providers.
2.    Strengthening the management, planning and policy
formulation capabilities of NCPFP and, in each of the Project
Provinces, the provincial and district committees for
population and family planning and the commune population and
family planning boards, including (a) the upgrading of
management skills through the identification of skills and
training needs, development of appropriate training curricula
and training; (b) the upgrading of the family planning program
management information systems (MIS) through the provision of
computerized systems at the national and provincial levels, the
upgrading of MIS at the district and commune levels, the
development of MIS training curricula and training; and (c)
strengthening the capabilities of the Borrower to manage,
monitor and evaluate Project activities, including the
provision of necessary office furniture, equipment and
supplies, support of incremental operating costs and training
Page  10
of project management staff.
3.    Strengthening existing family planning services through
the provision of contraceptive commodities.
4.    Strengthening the capacity and quality of family planning
and family health service delivery through the carrying out of
studies, including an assessment of the acceptability and
impact of introducing charges for the supply of contraceptives
through the public family planning program, the development of
private sector participation in family planning and
reproductive health services, and the pilot testing of model
interventions for service delivery, including pilot testings of
improved community based outreach systems for family planning
and family health.
Part B
1.    Upgrading family planning and family health service
programs, for each of the Project Provinces, in commune health
centers, district health centers and provincial maternal and
child health and family planning centers, through (a) the
provision of furniture, equipment and vehicles, essential drugs
and other medical supplies, the development of training
curricula and the provision of training for trainers and
commune, district and provincial level health care staff for
all such centers; and (b) building renovations and extensions
at selected commune health centers and at all district health
centers and provincial maternal and child health and family
planning centers.
2.    Implementation of an improved community based outreach
system for family planning and family health as warranted by
the findings and results of the pilot testings undertaken under
Part A.4 of the Project.
                        *      *    *     *
     The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 2002.
                             Annex to Schedule 2
                              Project Provinces
Part A
Lam Dong
Dong Thap
Bac Thai
Hai Hung
Thua Thien Hue
Part B
Lao Cai
Nam Ha
Hai Phong
Dac Lac
Tuyen Quang
Lai Chau
Vinh Long
Thanh Hoa
Tra Vinh
Kien Giang
                                SCHEDULE 3
                   Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.        Procurement of Goods and Works
Page  11
Part A: General
        Goods and works shall be procured in accordance with
the provisions of Section I of the "Guidelines for Procurement
under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in
January 1995 (the Guidelines) and the following provisions of
this Section, as applicable.
Part B: International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as otherwise provided in Part C of this Section,
goods shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance
with the provisions of Section II of the Guidelines and
paragraph 5 of Appendix I thereto.
2.    The following provisions shall apply to goods to be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with the
provisions of paragraph 1 of this Part B.
      (a)   Grouping of contracts
      To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall be
grouped in bid packages estimated to cost $150,000 equivalent
or more each.
      (b)   Preference for domestically manufactured goods
      The provisions of paragraphs 2.54 and 2.55 of the
Guidelines and Appendix 2 thereof shall apply to goods
manufactured in the territory of the Borrower.
Part C: Other Procurement Procedures
1.    National Competitive Bidding
      (a) Except as provided in paragraph 3 below, works shall
be procured under contracts awarded in accordance with the
provisions of Sections 3.3 and  3.4 of the Guidelines.
       (b)  Goods estimated to cost $150,000 equivalent or less
per contract up to an aggregate amount not to exceed $8,400,000
equivalent may be procured under contracts awarded in
accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 3.3 and 3.4 of the
Guidelines.
2.    National Shopping
      Goods estimated to cost $25,000 equivalent or less per
contract up to an aggregate amount not to exceed $4,900,000
equivalent may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis
of national shopping procedures in accordance with the
provisions of Sections 3.5 and 3.6 of the Guidelines.
3.    Procurement of Small Works
      Works estimated to cost less than $30,000 equivalent per
contract, up to an amount not to exceed $3,900,000 equivalent,
may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
quotations obtained from three (3) qualified domestic
contractors in response to a written invitation.  The
invitation shall include a detailed description of the works,
including basic specifications, the required completion date,
a basic form of agreement acceptable to the Association and
relevant drawings, where applicable.  The award shall be made
to the contractor who offers the lowest price quotation for the
required work, and who has the experience and resources to
complete the contract successfully.
Part D: Review by Association of Procurement Decisions
Page  12
1.    Procurement Planning
      Prior to the issue of any invitations to prequalify for
bidding or to bid for contracts, the proposed procurement plan
for the Project shall be furnished to the Association for its
review and approval, in accordance with the provisions of
paragraph 1 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.  Procurement of
all goods and works shall be undertaken in accordance with such
procurement plan as shall have been approved by the
Association, and with the provisions of said paragraph 1.
2.    Prior Reviews
      With respect to: (a) each contract for goods estimated to
cost the equivalent of one hundred fifty thousand dollars
($150,000) or more; and (b) the first two contracts for works
regardless of their respective estimated costs and thereafter,
each contract for works estimated to cost the equivalent of one
hundred fifty thousand dollars ($150,000) or more, the
procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 3 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply.
3.    Post Reviews
      With respect to each contract not governed by paragraph 2
of this Part, the procedures set forth in paragraph 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Section II. Employment of Consultants
1.    Consultants' services shall be procured under contracts
awarded in accordance with the provisions of the "Guidelines
for the Use of World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981 (the
Consultant Guidelines).  For complex, time-based assignments,
such contracts  shall be based on the standard form of contract
for consultants' services issued  by the Bank, with such
modifications as shall have been agreed by the Bank.  Where no
relevant standard contract documents have been issued by the
Bank, other standard forms acceptable to the Association shall
be used.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this
Section, the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring
prior Association review or approval of budgets, short lists,
selection procedures, letters of invitation, proposals,
evaluation reports and contracts shall not apply to (a)
contracts for the employment of consulting firms estimated to
cost less than one hundred thousand dollars ($100,000)
equivalent each, or (b) contracts for the employment of
individual consultants estimated to cost less than fifty
thousand dollars ($50,000) equivalent each.  However, this
exception to prior Association review shall not apply to: (a)
the terms of reference for such contracts; (b) single source
selection of consulting firms; (c) assignments of a critical
nature, as reasonably determined by the Association;  (d)
amendments to contracts for the employment of consulting firms
raising the contract value to one hundred thousand dollars
($100,000) equivalent or above; or (e) amendments to contracts
for the employment of individual consultants raising the
contract value to fifty thousand dollars ($50,000) equivalent
or above.
                                SCHEDULE 4
A.    Project Management
1.    The Borrower shall establish and thereafter maintain at
all times during the implementation of the Project:
       (a)        a Project Steering Committee, chaired by a
                  representative of NCPFP and with
Page  13
                  representatives of MOF, MOH, MPI and SBV,
                  assigned with such functions and
                  responsibilities, satisfactory to the
                  Association, as shall be required for the
                  overall coordination and oversight of Project
                  implementation;
       (b)        a Project Executive Committee in NCPFP, chaired
                  by the Chairman of NCPFP and composed of each
                  of the directors of NCPFP's line departments
                  and the Project Director referred to in sub-
                  paragraph (c) of this paragraph, assigned with
                  such functions and responsibilities,
                  satisfactory to the Association, as shall be
                  required for the provision of guidance on
                  policy and technical issues that may arise in
                  relation to the implementation of the Project;
                  and
       (c)        a Project Management Unit in NCPFP, headed by a
                  Project Director with qualifications and
                  experience satisfactory to the Association,
                  with such functions, responsibilities, funds
                  and competent staff in adequate numbers,
                  satisfactory to the Association, as shall be
                  required for the day-to-day implementation of
                  the Project, including the preparation of
                  Project reports, the maintenance of Project
                  accounts, the implementation of goods
                  procurement activities, and guidance to the
                  Provincial Project Management Units referred to
                  in sub-paragraph (b) of this paragraph.
2.    The Borrower shall ensure that each Project Province shall
establish and thereafter maintain at all times during the
implementation of the Project a Provincial Project Management
Unit, headed by a Provincial Project Manager with
qualifications and experience satisfactory to the Association,
with such functions, responsibilities, funds  and competent
staff in adequate numbers, satisfactory to the Association, as
shall be required to monitor the implementation of the Project
at the provincial level.
3.    The Borrower shall take all steps necessary to ensure that
each of the Project Provinces shall carry out its respective
activities under the Project and, to that end, shall make
available to each of the Project Provinces the proceeds of the
Credit and other funds allocated for such purposes.
4.    The Borrower shall carry out the Project in accordance
with a strategy, satisfactory to the Association, which shall:
(a) be designed on the basis of studies and surveys undertaken
by qualified and experienced experts under terms of reference
and timing satisfactory to the Association; and (b) include
provisions for the informed participation of, and consultation
with, a variety of representative communities benefiting under
the Project, in particular communities with Ethnic Minorities,
to ensure that the design and implementation thereafter of the
Project adequately addresses the needs and cultural preferences
of such communities. For purposes of this Part A, the term
"Ethnic Minorities" means social groups disadvantaged in the
development process and with social and cultural identities
distinct from those which constitute the predominant ethnic
group in Viet Nam.
5.    The Borrower shall take all such actions as shall be
necessary to achieve by June 30, 1997, Project performance
indicators acceptable to the Association.  For such purpose,
the Borrower shall: (a) undertake baseline surveys and studies,
satisfactory to the Association; and (b) establish and maintain
operational procedures, satisfactory to the Association, to
adequately monitor and evaluate progress in the carrying out of
Page  14
the Project, including the implementation of the strategy
referred to in paragraph 4 above and its impact on the various
communities in the Project Provinces, in particular those with
Ethnic Minorities, as well as the overall impact of the Project
on family planning and family health in Viet Nam.
6.    The Borrower shall:
      (a)  not later than June 30 and December 31 of each year,
commencing on December 31, 1996, furnish to the Association
semi-annual reports on the implementation of the Project,
satisfactory to the Association including the results of the
monitoring and evaluation activities carried out by the
Borrower pursuant to paragraph A.5 of this Schedule; and
      (b)  by December 31, 1999, undertake a mid-term review
with the Association to assess the overall implementation of
the Project and any proposed measures resulting from the
monitoring and evaluation activities carried out by the
Borrower pursuant to the provisions of paragraph A.5 of this
Schedule that shall be required to further achieve the
objectives of the Project.  For such purposes the Borrower
shall, in addition to the annual work program and budget
referred to in paragraph A.7 of this Schedule, prepare and
furnish to the Association by August 31, 1999, a comprehensive
mid-term report of the activities undertaken under the Project.
7.    The Borrower shall:
      (a)   by August 31, in each year, commencing on August 31,
1996 furnish to the Association for its review and comments a
proposed annual work program and budget for Project activities
in the following calendar year; and
      (b)   thereafter, taking into account the Association's
comments, implement such annual work program during the
following calendar year in a manner satisfactory to the
Association.
8.    By September 30, 1996, the Borrower shall furnish to the
Association, for its review and comments, its proposed policy
and implementation guidelines with respect to: (a) cost
recovery for essential drugs and medical supplies to be
provided under Part B.1 of the Project; and (b) essential drugs
and medical supplies to be provided under Part B.1 of the
Project, free of charge, to beneficiaries in mountainous and
remote communes, and thereafter, taking into account the
Association's comments, implement such policy and guidelines.
B.    Training under Parts A.1, A.2 and B.1 of the Project
      The Borrower shall (a) carry out the training under Parts
A.1, A.2 and B.1 of the Project in accordance with a training
program for each said Part of the Project acceptable to the
Association; and (b) to that end, by no later than June 30,
1996, furnish to the Association for its review and comment a
proposed time-bound action plan for each such training program.
C.    Assessment under Part A. 4 of the Project
      The Borrower shall: (a) by June 30, 1999, carry out a
pilot scheme of contraceptive charges in accordance with terms
of reference satisfactory to the Association; (b) by August 31,
1999, prepare a proposed action plan based on said pilot
scheme; and (c) afford the Association a reasonable opportunity
to exchange views with the Borrower on the results of such
pilot scheme and proposed action plan at the time of the review
referred to in subparagraph A.6 (b) of this Schedule 4; and (d)
thereafter promptly carry out said action plan, taking into
account the Association's comments thereon.
Page  15
D.    Studies and Pilot Testings under Part A.4 of the Project
1.    For purposes of carrying out Part A.4 of the Project, the
Borrower shall, by August 31, 1996, establish within NCPFP a
service delivery model initiatives committee with qualified and
experienced members and terms of reference satisfactory to the
Association, which shall be responsible, inter alia, for
soliciting or developing proposals for studies and pilot
testings under said Part of the Project, reviewing and
approving the funding of said proposals, and thereafter
supervising their implementation.
2.    With respect to each study or pilot testing to be carried
out under Part A.4 of the Project, the Borrower shall, through
said service delivery model initiatives committee:
      (a)   prepare and  furnish to the Association for its
approval the proposal for such study or pilot testing, as the
case may be, of such scope and in such detail as the
Association shall reasonably request; and
      (b) ensure that such study or pilot testing, as the case
may be, shall be carried out in accordance with the proposal,
as so approved.
E.    Commune Centers, District Health Centers and Provincial
      Maternal and Child Health and Family Planning Centers
      under Part B.1 of the Project
1.    The Borrower shall select commune health centers to be
upgraded under Part B.1 (b) of the Project in accordance with
criteria acceptable to the Association.
2.    The Borrower shall maintain the facilities of each commune
health center, district health center and provincial maternal
and child health and family planning center, upgraded under
Part B.1 (b) of the Project in accordance with arrangements
acceptable to the Association.
3.    The Borrower shall take all such actions as are necessary
to ensure that: (a) each commune health center, district healthcenter and provincial 
maternal and child health and family
planning center in the Project Provinces shall be adequately
staffed; and (b) said district health centers be provided with
adequate funding to meet the payroll obligations of the related
commune health centers.
F.    Improved Community Based Outreach Systems
      under Part B.2 of the Project
      The Borrower shall implement in the Project Provinces the
improved community based outreach system for family planning
and family health system under Part B.2 of the Project in
accordance with an action plan, satisfactory to the
Association, prepared on the basis of the results of the pilot
testings undertaken under Part A.4 of the Project.
                                SCHEDULE 5
                              Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1),
(2), (3), (4), (5) and (6) set forth in the table in paragraph
1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures
in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services
required for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit allocated from time to time to the eligible
Page  16
Categories in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $2,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit
Account and deposited into the Special Account pursuant to
paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule, provided, however, that
unless the Association shall otherwise agree, the Authorized
Allocation shall be limited to an amount equivalent to $800,000
until the aggregate amount of withdrawals from the Credit
Account plus the total amount of all outstanding special
commitments entered into by the Association pursuant to Section
5.02 of the General Conditions shall be equal to or exceed the
equivalent of SDR 11,000,000.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with the
provisions of this Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory
to it that the Special Account has been duly opened,
withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and subsequent
withdrawals to replenish the Special Account shall be made as
follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests
for deposit into the Special Account of an amount or amounts
which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the Authorized
Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests, the
Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount
or amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                  requests for deposits into the Special Account
                  at such intervals as the Association shall
                  specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                  the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                  the documents and other evidence required
                  pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for
                  the payment or payments in respect of which
                  replenishment is requested. On the basis of
                  each such request, the Association shall, on
                  behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
                  Credit Account and deposit into the Special
                  Account such amount as the Borrower shall have
                  requested and as shall have been shown by said
                  documents and other evidence to have been paid
                  out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from
the Credit Account under The respective eligible Categories,
and in the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been
justified by said documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association
shall reasonably request, furnish to the Association such
documents and other evidence showing that such payment was made
exclusively for eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have
determined that all further withdrawals should be made by the
Page  17
Borrower directly from the Credit Account in accordance with
the provisions of Article V of the General Conditions and
paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this Agreement;
      (b)   if the Borrower shall have failed to furnish to the
Association, within the period of time specified in Section
4.01 (b) (ii) of this Agreement, any of the audit reports
required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
Section in respect of the audit of the records and accounts for
the Special Account;
      (c)   if, at any time, the Association shall have notified
the Borrower of its intention to suspend in whole or in part
the right of the Borrower to make withdrawals from the Credit
Account pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.02 of the
General Conditions; or
      (d)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, minus the total amount of
all outstanding special commitments entered into by the
Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions
with respect to the Project, shall equal the equivalent of
twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association
shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further
withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent that the
Association shall have been satisfied that all such amounts
remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date of
such notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for
an expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to
paragraph 2 of this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the
evidence furnished to the Association, the Borrower shall,
promptly upon notice from the Association: (A) provide such
additional evidence as the Association may request; or (B)
deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Association shall
so request, refund to the Association) an amount equal to the
amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so eligible
or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise agree, no
further deposit by the Association into the Special Account
shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence or
made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures,
the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association,
refund to the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association,
refund to the Association all or any portion of the funds on
deposit in the Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to
paragraphs 6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be
credited to the Credit Account for subsequent withdrawal or for
cancellation in accordance with the relevant provisions of this
Agreement, including the General Conditions.
