Page  1
                                        CONFORMED COPY
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2101 LA
             Development Credit Agreement
          (Second Telecommunications Project)
           LAO PEOPLE'S DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  Dated May 18, 1990
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2101 LA
             DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated May 18, 1990, between LAO PEOPLE'S
DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association).
     WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as
to the feasibility and priority of the Project described
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has requested the
Association to assist in the financing of the Project;
     (B)  the Borrower intends to contract from the
United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) a grant (the
UNDP Grant) in an amount equivalent to one million two
hundred thousand dollars ($1,200,000) to assist in
financing Parts A (v), C (i) and C (ii) of the Project on
the terms and conditions set forth in an agreement (the
UNDP Grant Agreement) to be entered into between the
Borrower and UNDP;
     (C)  the Borrower intends to contract from the
Government of Japan (Japan) a grant (the Japanese Grant)
in an amount equivalent to eleven million seven hundred
thousand dollars ($11,700,000) to assist in financing
Parts A (i), A (v) and C (ii) of the Project on the terms
and conditions set forth in an agreement (the Japanese
Grant Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower
and the Government of Japan;
     (D)  the Project will be carried out by Entreprise
d'Etat des Postes et Telecommunications Lao (EPTL) with
the Borrower's assistance and, as part of such
Page  2
assistance, the Borrower will make available to EPTL the
proceeds of the Credit as provided in this Agreement; and
     WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis,
inter alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the
Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement and in the Project Agreement of even date
herewith between the Association and EPTL;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02
deleted (the General Conditions) constitute an integral
part of this agreement.
     Section 1.02. Unless the Context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions and
in the Preamble to this Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional
terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "Project Agreement" means the agreement between
the Association and EPTL of even date herewith, as the
same may be amended from time to time, and such term
includes all schedules and agreements supplemental to the
Project Agreement;
     (b)  "Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement
to be entered into between the Borrower and EPTL pursuant
to Section 3.01 (b) of this Agreement, as the same may be
amended from time to time, and such term includes all
schedules to the Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
     (c)  "Special Account" means the account referred to
in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
     (d)  "TIP" means the 1990-1995 telecommunications
investment program developed by EPTL with assistance from
the Association;
     (e)  "EPTL" means Entreprise d'Etat des Postes et
Telecommunications Lao;
     (f)  "SEPTL" means Statut de l'Entreprise d'Etat des
Postes et Telecommunications Lao, EPTL's charter, in
effect since May 13, 1987, and Reglement Interieur,
EPTL's by-laws, adopted by EPTL on April 25, 1988;
     (g)  "Kip" means the national currency of the
Borrower; and
     (h)  "Fiscal Year" and "FY" mean January 1 to
December 31.
                      ARTICLE II
                      The Credit
     Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in the Development Credit Agreement, an
amount in various currencies equivalent to nineteen
million one hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR
19,100,000).
Page  3
     Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be
withdrawn from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for
expenditures made (or, if the Association shall so agree,
to be made) in respect of the reason- able cost of goods
and services required for the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit.
     (b)  The Borrower shall, for the purposes of Parts
A, B and C of the Project, open and maintain in dollars
a special account in Banque pour le Commerce Exterieur du
Laos on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1997
or such later date as the Association shall establish.
The Association shall promptly notify the Borrower of
such later date.
     Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a commitment charge on the principal amount
of the Credit not withdrawn from time to time at a rate
to be set by the Association as of June 30 of each year,
but not to exceed the rate of one-half of one percent
(1/2 of 1%) per annum.
     (b)  The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from
the date sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the
accrual date) to the respective dates on which amounts
shall be withdrawn by the Borrower from the Credit
Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate set as of the
June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at
such other rates as may be set from time to time
thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a) above. The rate set
as of June 30 in each year shall be applied from the next
date in that year specified in Section 2.06 of this
Agreement.
     (c)  The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at
such places as the Association shall reasonably request;
(ii) without restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in
the territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency
specified in this Agreement for the purposes of Section
4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other eligible
currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that
Section.
     Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a service charge at the rate of three-fourths
of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal
amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time
to time.
     Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges
shall be payable semiannually on June 1 and December 1 in
each year.
     Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c)
below, the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Credit in semi-annual installments payable on each
June 1 and December 1 commencing June 1, 2000 and ending
December 1, 2029. Each installment to and including the
installment payable on December 1, 2009 shall be one
percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such
principal amount.
     (b)  Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national
product per capita, as determined by the Association,
Page  4
shall have exceeded $790 in constant 1985 dollars for
five consecutive years and (ii) the Bank shall consider
the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval
thereof by the Executive Directors of the Association and
after due consideration by them of the development of the
Borrower's economy, modify the terms of repayment of
installments under paragraph (a) above by requiring the
Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the
Borrower, the Association may revise such modification to
include, in lieu of some or all of the increase in the
amounts of such installments, the payment of interest at
an annual rate agreed with the Association on the
principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding
from time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the
Association, such revision shall not change the grant
element obtained under the above-mentioned repayment
modification.
     (c)  If, at any time after a modification of terms
pursuant to paragraph (b) above, the Association
determines that the Borrower's economic condition has
deteriorated significantly, the Association may, if so
requested by the Borrower, further modify the terms of
repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
     Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of
America is hereby specified for the purposes of Section
4.02 of the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE III
               Execution of the Project
     Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, and, to this end,
without any limitation or restriction upon any of its
other obligations under the Development Credit Agreement,
shall cause EPTL to perform in accordance with the
provisions of the Project Agreement all the obligations
of EPTL therein set forth, shall take and cause to be
taken all action, including the provision of funds,
facilities, services and other resources, necessary or
appropriate to enable EPTL to perform such obligations,
and shall not take or permit to be taken any action which
would prevent or interfere with such performance.
     (b)  The Borrower shall relend 11,800,000 SDRs to
EPTL under a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and EPTL, under terms and conditions
which shall have been approved by the Association and
which shall include, inter alia, interest at a rate of 8%
per annum, repayment of principal in 20 years, including
5 years of grace, and the foreign exchange risk to be
borne by EPTL. The Borrower shall make the balance of the
Credit available to EPTL as Al grant.
     (c)  The Borrower shall exercise its rights under
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement in such manner as to
protect the interests of the Borrower and the Association
and to accomplish the purposes of the Credit, and except
as the Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower
shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive the Subsidiary
Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
     Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods, works and
consultants' services required for the Project and to be
Page  5
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Project
Agreement.
     Section 3.03. The Borrower and the Association
hereby agree that the obligations set forth in Sections
9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) shall be
carried out by EPTL pursuant to Section 2.03 of the
Project Agreement.
     Section 3.04. The Borrower shall take all necessary
measures to enable EPTL to carry out (i) such annual
reviews as may be necessary and appropriate to update the
TIP in consultation with the Association; and (ii) a
study on the structure and level of the Borrower's
domestic and international telecommunications tariffs by
December 31, 1990, and furnish a copy of such study to
the Association for its review and comments.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) For all expenditures with respect
to which withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on
the basis of statements of expenditures, the Borrower
shall:
          (i)  maintain or cause to be maintained in
               accordance with sound accounting
               practices, records and accounts
               reflecting such expenditures;
          (ii) ensure that all records (contracts,
               orders, invoices, bills, receipts and
               other documents) evidencing such
               expenditures are retained until at least
               one year after the Association has
               received the audit report for the fiscal
               year in which the last withdrawal from
               the Credit Account was made; and
          (iii)     enable the Association's
                    representatives to examine such
                    records.
     (b)  The Borrower shall:
          (i)  have the records and accounts referred to
               in paragraph (a) (i) of this Section and
               those for the Special Account for each
               fiscal year audited, in accordance with
               appropriate auditing principles
               consistently applied, by independent
               auditors acceptable to the Association;
          (ii) furnish to the Association as soon as
               available, but in any case not later than
               nine months after the end of each such
               year the report of such audit by said
               auditors, of such scope and in such
               detail as the Association shall have
               reasonably requested, including a
               separate opinion by said auditors as to
               whether the statements of expenditure
               submitted during such fiscal year,
               together with the procedures and internal
               controls involved in their preparation,
               can be relied upon to support the related
Page  6
               withdrawals; and
          (iii)     furnish to the Association such
                    other information concerning said
                    records and accounts and the audit
                    thereof as the Association shall
                    from time to time reasonably
                    request.
                       ARTICLE V
              Remedies of the Association
     Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  EPTL shall have failed to perform any of its
obligations under the Project Agreement.
     (b)  As a result of events which have occurred after
the date of the Development Credit Agreement, an
extraordinary situation shall have arisen which shall
make it improbable that EPTL will be able to perform its
obligations under the Project Agreement.
     (c)  SEPTL shall have been amended, suspended,
abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially
and adversely the ability of EPTL to perform any of its
obligations under the Project Agreement.
     (d)  The Borrower or any other authority having
jurisdiction shall have taken any action for the
dissolution or disestablishment of EPTL or for the
suspension of its operations.
     (e)  (i)  Subject to paragraph (ii) of this Section,
the right of the Borrower to withdraw the proceeds of
either grant made to the Borrower for the financing of
the Project shall have been suspended, cancelled or
terminated in whole or in part, pursuant to the terms of
the agreement providing therefor.
          (ii) paragraph (i) of this Section shall not
apply if the Borrower establishes to the satisfaction of
the Association that: (A) such suspension, cancellation
or termination is not caused by the failure of the
Borrower to perform any of its obligations under such an
agreement; and (B) adequate funds for the Project are
available to the Borrower from other sources on terms and
conditions consistent with the obligations of the
Borrower under this Agreement.
     Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  the event specified in paragraph (a) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for
a period of sixty days after notice thereof shall have
been given by the Association to the Borrower; and
     (b)  the events specified in paragraphs (c) and (d)
of Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                      ARTICLE VI
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 6.01. The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of the
Development Credit Agreement within the meaning of
Page  7
Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
     (a)  the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been duly
executed on behalf of the Borrower and EPTL; and
     (b)  EPTL has increased its domestic tariffs by 80%
on average, such increase to be calculated in a manner
acceptable to the Association.
     (c)  EPTL has employed consultants, satisfactory to
the Association, to assist it in the areas of project
management and implementation, training, institutional
and financial development, planning and operation and
maintenance.
     Section 6.02. The following are specified as
additional matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02
(b) of the General Conditions, to be included in the
opinion or opinions to be furnished to the Association:
     (a)  that the Project Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by EPTL, and is legally binding
upon EPTL in accordance with its terms; and
     (b)  that the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been
duly authorized or ratified by the Borrower and EPTL and
is legally binding upon the Borrower and EPTL in
accordance with its terms.
     Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the
date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the
purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
     Section 6.04. The obligations of the Borrower under
Sections 4.01 (a) and 4.01 (b) of this Agreement shall
cease and determine on the date on which the Development
Credit Agreement shall terminate or on the date 20 years
after the date of this Agreement, whichever shall be the
earlier.
                      ARTICLE VII
       Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 7.01. The Minister of Economy, Planning and
Finance of the Borrower is designated as representative
of the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the
General Conditions.
     Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
          Minister of Economy, Planning and
            Finance
          Ministry of Economy, Planning and
            Finance
          Vientiane
          Lao People's Democratic Republic
          Cable address:
               MINFINANCE
               Vientiane
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
Page  8
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS               82987 (FTCC)
               Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA)
                                     64145 (WUI) or
                                    197688 (TRT)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               LAO PEOPLE'S DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC
               By /s/ Saly Khamsy
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/ A. Karaosmanoglu
                                Regional Vice President
                                                   Asia
                      SCHEDULE 1
       Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the
allocation of the amounts of the Credit to each Category
and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                       Amount of the
                     Credit Allocated      % of
                       (Expressed in   Expenditures
   Category           SDR Equivalent) to be Financed
(1)    Civil works        400,000       100%
(2)    Supply, installation12,500,000   100%
   and commissioning of
   transmission system
   and cabling networks
(3)    Materials        1,400,000       100%
   and equipment
(4)    Technical        1,800,000       100%
   assistance and
   training
(5)    Unallocated      3,000,000
       TOTAL           19,100,000
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
Page  9
     (a)  the term "foreign expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of any country other than
that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from
the territory of any country other than that of the
Borrower;
     (b)  the term "local expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for goods
or services supplied from to the territory of the
borrower; and
     (c)  notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1
above, no withdrawals shall be made in respect of
payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement, except that withdrawals, in an aggregate
amount not exceeding the equivalent of SDR 400,000, may
be made in respect of Categories (1) and (4) on account
of payments made for expenditures before that date but
after January 1, 1990.
                      SCHEDULE 2
              Description of the Project
     The objectives of the Project are: (i) to assist the
Borrower in establishing the first phase of a national
telecommunication network and in improving the quality of
telecommunication services; and (ii) to strengthen EPTL
institutionally and develop its human resources.
     The Project consists of the following parts, subject
to such modifications thereof as the Borrower and the
Association may agree upon from time to time to achieve
such objectives:
Part A:   Telecommunications Facilities
          (i)  supply, installation and commissioning of
               digital telephone exchanges in Vientiane
               and about five provincial capitals with a
               total capacity of about 15,000 lines;
          (ii) supply, installation and commissioning of
               local networks and subscriber connections
               in the same above-mentioned cities;
          (iii)     supply, installation and
                    commissioning of a digital
                    transmission network;
          (iv) redeployment of existing HF-equipment
               and, to the extent feasible, existing
               crossbar exchanges from their present
               locations to other provinces; and
          (v)  supply, installation and commissioning of
               ancillary equipment for the facilities
               described in (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv)
               above.
Part B:   Civil Works
     Construction and restoration of buildings for the
telephone exchanges and cable storage.
Part C:   Technical Assistance and Training
          (i)  Provision of technical assistance to EPTL
               in the area of project management and
               institutional development; and
          (ii) training of EPTL's personnel.
Page  10
                       *   *   *
     The Project is expected to be completed by June 30,
1997.
                      SCHEDULE 3
                    Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "eligible Categories" means Categories
(1), (2), (3) and (4) set forth in the table in paragraph
1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
     (b)  the term "eligible expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit allocated from time to
time to the eligible Categories in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
     (c)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an
amount equivalent to $1,200,000 to be withdrawn from the
Credit Account and deposited into the Special Account
pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.   Payments out of the Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with
the provisions of this Schedule.
3.   After the Association has received evidence
satisfactory to it that the Special Account has been duly
opened, withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and
subsequent withdrawals to replenish the Special Account
shall be made as follows:
     (a)  For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation,
the Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request
or requests for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed
the aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation. On the
basis of such request or requests, the Association shall,
on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit
Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
     (b)  (i)  For replenishment of the Special Account,
               the Borrower shall furnish to the
               Association requests for deposits into
               the Special Account at such intervals as
               the Association shall specify.
          (ii) Prior to or at the time of each such
               request, the Borrower shall furnish to
               the Association the documents and other
               evidence required pursuant to paragraph 4
               of this Schedule for the payment or
               payments in respect of which
               replenishment is requested. On the basis
               of each such request, the Association
               shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
               withdraw from the Credit Account and
               deposit into the Special Account such
               amount as the Borrower shall have
               requested and as shall have been shown by
               said documents and other evidence to have
               been paid out of the Special Account for
               eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association
from the Credit Account under the respective eligible
Page  11
Categories, and in the respective equivalent amounts, as
shall have been justified by said documents and other
evidence.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of the
Special Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the
Association shall reasonably request, furnish to the
Association such documents and other evidence showing
that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
expenditures.
5.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of
this Schedule, the Association shall not be required to
make further deposits into the Special Account:
     (a)  if, at any time, the Association shall have
determined that all further withdrawals should be made by
the Borrower directly from the Credit Account in
accordance with the provisions of Article V of the
General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
     (b)  once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories for the Project,
less the amount of any outstanding special commitment
entered into by the Association pursuant to Section 5.02
of the General Conditions with respect to the Project,
shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to
the eligible Categories for the Project shall follow such
procedures as the Association shall specify by notice to
the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only
after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit
in the Special Account as of the date of such notice will
be utilized in making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.   (a)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was
made for an expenditure or in an amount not eligible
pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule; (ii) was not
justified by the evidence furnished to the Association,
the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the
Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special
Account (or, if the Association shall so request, refund
to the Association) an amount equal to the amount of such
payment or the portion thereof not so eligible or
justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise agree,
no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided
such evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case
may be.
     (b)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any amount outstanding in the Special Account
will not be required to cover further payments for
eligible expenditures, the Borrower shall, promptly upon
notice from the Association, refund to the Association
such outstanding amount.
     (c)  The Borrower may, upon notice to the
Association, refund to the Association all or any portion
of the funds on deposit in the Special Account.
     (d)  Refunds to the Association made pursuant to
paragraphs 6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be
credited to the Credit Account for subsequent withdrawal
or for cancellation in accordance with the relevant
Page  12
provisions of this Agreement, including the General
Conditions.
