Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2795-TH
                  Guarantee Agreement
                (Third Shelter Project)
                        between
                  KINGDOM OF THAILAND
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                 Dated August 31, 1987
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2795-TH
                  GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated August 31, 1987, between KINGDOM OF
THAILAND (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
     WHEREAS: (A) the Guarantor and National Housing
Authority (the Borrower), having been satisfied as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in
Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement have requested the Bank
to assist in the financing of the Project;
     (B)  by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to
extend to the Borrower a loan in various currencies
equivalent to twenty-one million dollars ($21,000,000),
on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that the Guarantor agree
to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect
of such loan as provided in this Agreement; and
     WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the
Bank's entering into the Loan Agreement with the
Borrower, has agreed so to guarantee such obligations of
the Borrower;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
Page  2
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January
1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of
this Agreement.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions and
in the Preamble to and Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement
have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                      ARTICLE II
             Guarantee; Provision of Funds
     Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment
to the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule
2 to the Loan Agreement, and, to this end, without
limitation or restriction upon any of its other
obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor
hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and
not as surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the
principal of, and interest and other charges on, the
Loan, and the premium, if any, on the prepayment of the
Loan, and the punctual performance of all the other
obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan
Agreement.
     Section 2.02. Without limitation or restriction upon
the provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the
Guarantor specifically undertakes, whenever there is
reasonable cause to believe that the funds available to
the Borrower will be inadequate to meet the estimated
expenditures required for the carrying out of the
Project, to make arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank,
promptly to provide the Borrower or cause the Borrower to
be provided with such funds as are needed to meet such
expenditures.
     Section 2.03. The Guarantor undertakes that GHB will
enter into financial arrangements to provide mortgage and
construction funds in an aggregate amount of Baht 501.8
million for the Project, which arrangements shall be
satisfactory to the Bank and the Borrower.
                      ARTICLE III
      Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
     Section 3.01. The Permanent Secretary of Finance of
the Guarantor is designated as representative of the
Guarantor for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the
General Conditions.
     Section 3.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Guarantor:
          Permanent Secretary of Finance
          Ministry of Finance
          Bangkok 10200
          Thailand
          Cable address:           Telex:
               MINANCE              82823 FISPOLO TH
               Bangkok
Page  3
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
               Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INTBAFRAD             440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.      248423 (RCA) or
                                      64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               KINGDOM OF THAILAND
               By /s/ Arsa Sarasin
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                  RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
               By /s/ A. Karaosmanoglu
                                Regional Vice President
                                                   Asia
