Report No. PID9939
Project Name                     Colombia-Human Capital Protection (Cash...
Transfers)
Region                           Latin America and Caribbean Region
Sector                           Social Assistance
Project ID                       COPE69964
Borrower(s)                      GOVERNMENT OF COLOMBIA
Implementing Agency
Address DAPRE-FIP, OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENCY
Bogota, Colombia
Contact Person: Manuel Salazar
Tel: (57-1)-334-9763; 334-4405; 334-0031
Fax: (57-1)-334-0221
Email: mlsalazar@dnp.gov.co
Environment Category             C
Date PID Prepared                February 6, 2001
Projected Appraisal Date         January 26-31, 2001
Projected Board Date             March 29, 2001
1. Country and Sector Background
Colombia is experiencing its worst economic performance is over 60 years.
GDP growth has decreased from an average of 3-4 percent during the first
half of the 1990s to 0.6 percent in 1998 and - 4.5 percent in 1999. This
decline has been accompanied by deterioration in nearly all other areas of
the economy: (i) the fiscal accounts of the non-financial public sector,
which were roughly balanced in the early 1990s, showed a deficit of 3.7
percent of GDP in 1998, rising to 5.5 percent of GDP in 1999; and (ii) the
current account of the balance of payments reached a deficit of 5.7
percent of GDP in 1998, although it fell to 1.1 percent of GDP in 1999 as
a result of a sharp decline in imports and an increase in oil revenues.
The Colombian economy has begun to show signs of recovery during the first
months of 2000, with GDP growing at an estimated annualized rate of 3
percent. Nevertheless, the increase in unemployment and poverty arising
from the economic crisis remain a grave concern. And how to restore fiscal
balance while protecting the welfare of the poor and vulnerable continues
to be a serious challenge. A. Main Sector IssuesEffects of the Crisis on
Employment, Poverty and Income InequalityHigh unemployment. In June 2000,
Colombia's unemployment rate reached a historic high of 20.4 percent,
almost double its traditional rate of 11 percent. Government data reveal
that most of the affected are young workers in urban areas, who are
accessing the labor market for the first time. Of the approximately three
million unemployed workers, about a third are located in the seven largest
cities. Growing poverty and income inequality. Colombia's poor economic
performance has resulted in a worsening of most social and economic
indicators. Data indicate that the gains made in terms of poverty
reduction have been lost as a result of the 1998-99 recession. Poverty and
extreme poverty rates had been decreasing almost continuously since the
1970s when the country was growing relatively rapidly. But during the
second half of the 1990's, extreme poverty --defined in terms of an



individual's inability to meet basic caloric requirements -- in the urban
areas has increased by more than 4 percentage points. The extreme poverty
rate in urban areas was around 10 percent in 1995, and after the crisis it
increased to 11.5 in 1998 and 14.5 in 1999. As for the poverty rate,
which was around 48 percent in 1995 and 1998 (down from 70 percent in 1978
and 55 percent in 1988), it increased almost 8 percentage points in
1999.The crisis has affected both the rural and urban population, but
there are indications that urban areas were more heavily affected. Based
on the information contained in the last two national surveys (CASEN 1993
and ECV 1997) a striking increase in the incidence of urban poverty is
observed, while poverty in rural sectors seems to have decreased.Similar
behavior is observed with regards to income inequality: in the urban
areas the lowest quintile suffered a 50 percent loss in income
participation while it remained approximately constant among the rural
population. Other income distribution parameters like the Gini coefficient
show an increase in income inequality in the urban sector. Although
poverty in the rural sector is more widespread, it is in urban areas where
the situation has deteriorated relatively more. The Gini coefficient
increased during the 1990s, but between 1998 and 1999 it increased almost
two percentage points, to 0.55.An additional indicator of welfare, the
Indice de Calidad de Vida (ICV), shows a negative impact among the poorer
groups. The ICV is an index of welfare that incorporates a number of
factors like access to public services, present and potential human
capital, and variables measuring quality of life. After 1996 the ICV shows
a worsening of conditions for the lower deciles of the population. Again
this is worse in urban than in rural sectors. The ICV also shows that the
smaller municipalities have suffered the most from the effects of the
crisis. Inadequate and deteriorating investment in human and social
capital Decline in education. Basic education in Colombia is still far
from being universal, especially among the poor many of whom dropout
before completing primary education. Moreover children in the poorest
quintiles are entering the school system late; only 17 percent are in the
correct grade for their age, compared to the total average of 38 percent.
Furthermore, dropout rate remains high and learning achievement among the
poor needs improvement. Given these education challenges, any
deterioration or threat against the education of the poor should be viewed
with grave concern. The National Planning Department (DNP) estimates that
enrollment rate among 7-11 year old children from the poorest income
decile decreased from 87.3 percent in 1996 to 83.2 percent in 1998. For
the second poorest decile, the decline was from 89.7 percent to 85.9
percent. During the same period, the enrollment rates of 12-17 year olds
also fell among the poorest quintile from 66.3 to 64.6 percent. The
education effect could be greater after 1998. As the crisis continues,
poor families are likely to run out of options and more of them have to
cope by pulling children out of school to save money and augment current
disposable income. Resort to this short term coping mechanism, however,
has long term consequences on the accumulation of human capital and the
ability of poor children to break out of the intergenerational cycle of
poverty. There is also evidence of a decrease in the quality of education
received by children. As some middle income families become poor due to
the economic crisis, they pull their children from private schools and
send them public schools, a phenomenon observed recently in Colombia.
There are other possible educational effects that have not been captured
yet by available data. In this regard, it should be noted that one of the
education-related responses to similar crises elsewhere includes a
-2 -



decrease in time children spent doing their homework or studying, as they
go into the labor market to help their families. Reduction in the capacity
of the health system to subsidize the poor. Colombia has a health
insurance system in which the poor are subsidized. Despite the
achievements of the country's health reform program, which include rising
number of individuals affiliated to the system since 1993 (in both the
subsidized and non-subsidized tiers), many of the poor are not enrolled in
the system. As a result of the crisis, the number of individuals
contributing actively to the health insurance system, dropped
significantly. Between 1998 and 1999 the number of active/regular
contributors went from 63 to 47 percent. A decrease in the number of
active contributors puts additional strain on the finances of the
subsidized scheme, as cross subsidy becomes more difficult. Declines in
food consumption among the poor. Given data limitations there is no
rigorous way to evaluate the impact that the crisis has had on
malnutrition (the necessary anthropometric information will be available
at the end of this year when the 2000 Demographic and Health Survey is
concluded). However, household survey performed by Fedesarrollo in
Colombia's four largest cities suggests that the consumption of certain
items has decreased significantly. Food consumption went down 6 percent
during the first half of 1999 compared to the first half of 1998. About 39
percent of households reported a drop in consumption in 1999 relative to
the previous year.Reversal of gains in social spending. During the 1990s
public expenditure on social sectors more than doubled. However in 1999
the amount of social expenditures decreased for the first time in the
decade, by approximately 5 percent compared to 1998 levels. The main
decrease has been in the education sector, where expenditure levels
decreased about 10 percent. In 1999 social spending (without pensions)
amounted to 11 percent of GDP, including expenditures on health,
education, ICBF, SENA, and other sectors. Colombia's health and education
expenditures stand at around 2.5 and 4.2 percent of GDP, respectively,
relatively low levels by Latin American standards. Projections for year
2000 are not optimistic: social sector spending are likely to remain
constant, with a slight increase in education and a slight decrease in
health.Inadequate and inefficient social safety netColombia's principal
social safety net has historically been reliance on strong economic growth
rates. The advent of the economic crisis has underscored the absence of a
safety net strategy and established the urgent need for, first,
identifying existing programs and establishing new social assistance
mechanisms well-suited to helping the poor cope with the negative effects
of the crisis. This is the objective of the Red de Apoyo Social (RAS)
programs. Second, the crisis calls for a re-examination of the battery of
largely disarticulated safety net programs and the crafting of a social
protection strategy that will help Colombia be better prepared to respond
to future crises. This is part of the analytical work presently being
carried out by the Bank in collaboration with the GOC in preparation for a
possible social sector adjustment operation in FY 02.The need for
re-examining the social assistance programs and developing more efficient
and credible alternatives is illustrated by their mixed accomplishments.
Some programs like Hogares Comunitarios de Bienestar, which aims at
improving the nutritional and health status of low income children under
seven years of age, seem to be well targeted but produce poor results. A
problem seems to be the lack of coordination among programs as well their
being supply driven. Some programs have been designed with geographical
criteria, others have been targeted to specific groups, but there is no
-3 -



detailed knowledge of the interactions among them, overlapping objectives
and target populations. Another example of a program whose effectiveness
and efficiency have been seriously questioned, is the Red de Solidaridad
Social essentially a social fund (in structure) established in the
mid-1990s. From 1994 to 1998 it reached close to four million individuals
through different programs, like Revivir, which provides assistance to the
vulnerable elderly, or Desplazados, to provide assistance to households
that have been displaced by the violence in Colombia. The problem is that
it has shown inadequate strategic and programmatic focus, lacked
monitoring and evaluation capacity, and failed to retain qualified
personnel. The weaknesses were reasons for rejecting the Red as
implementing agency of the Manos a la Obra project. A further example is
SENA, a training and information agency that administers about 111
training centers and 29 employment information centers. Various studies
have questioned the efficiency with which training funds (financed by a
payroll tax) are allocated and used.       B. Government StrategyThe new
safety net strategy. To deal with the economic crisis and mitigate its
social consequences, GOC has adopted a strategy that has two main parts.
First, the Government will implement fiscal adjustments and economic
reforms to achieve stability and sustainable growth. This objective is
fundamental to poverty reduction and the long-term improvement of living
standards of the poor. It is also critical to the GOC's ability to
strengthen, expand and maintain an adequate social safety net in the long
run.   Second, acknowledging the urgency of alleviating the social
consequences of the economic crisis and fiscal adjustments, GOC has
established the aforementioned Red de Apoyo Social (RAS) to cushion their
impact on the welfare of the poor and vulnerable population. The RAS
complements the objectives and social policies established in the National
Development Plan 1999-2002, which seeks economic and social changes that
would promote the establishment of peace in Colombia. The RAS would have
three major elements: (i) a community works program called Manos a la
Obra, which aims to provide temporary employment to poor, unemployed,
unskilled workers; (ii) a conditional cash subsidy program for poor
families that would give cash assistance to the poor provided that they
keep their children in school and provide them with basic preventive
health care; and (iii) a training/apprenticeship program for young adults
based on competitive bidding among private firms. To implement the RAS,
GOC is determined to spend an additional 0.3 percent of GDP per year
(about US$250-$300 million annually), over and above current public social
expenditures, to be targeted to the provision of social safety net
programs during the next three years (2000-2002). The Bank, IDB, and CAF
have pledged to support the program through a series of lending operations
and analytical studies. The Bank has just approved on May 11, 2000 a $100
million loan to Manos a la Obra. This Project would add another $150
million to support the implementation of RAS. Bank support is expected to
be complemented by an IDB loan of US$269.0 million, prepared in close
collaboration with the Bank, to support employment generation, welfare
assistance initiatives, and a pilot training program for young adults.GOC
recognizes that in the long run the sustainability and impact of the new
RAS depends on the reform of the existing social safety net programs.
Consequently, while the above projects are focused on the short run
objective of mitigating the effects of the crisis in urban areas, GOC
expects them to also contribute towards the long term goal of reforming
the current social protection and poverty alleviation system. In this
regard, Manos a la Obra is expected to contribute to the long term goal by
-4 -



developing the software and experience that would enable GOC to quickly
and efficiently deal with future fluctuations in employment demand.
Likewise, the youth training program not only would address the
unemployment problem of current out-of-school urban youth; it would also
test a training strategy that could be useful in the reform of Colombia's
training system. Furthermore, in the case of the conditional transfers
project, GOC is looking beyond mitigating the immediate effects of the
crisis toward introducing a more efficient system of demand-side subsidies
to address structural poverty. The hope is that all these new RAS
approaches would prove useful in reorienting and redesigning the current
social safety net and poverty alleviation system. GOC is now in the
process of identifying these inefficient programs and is ensuring that
above Red de Apoyo Social projects are well evaluated. In line with this
vision, the Bank (as mentioned) is currently doing a sector analysis of
Colombia's social assistance programs and other related analytical work to
prepare for a possible social sector adjustment loan in FY02.
2. Objectives
The goal of the Project is to ameliorate the impact of Colombia's current
economic crisis on the poor. Its objective is to protect and promote human
capital formation of poor children (aged 0-17) by supporting their
families maintain and enhance investments in their health, nutrition, and
education in the face of sharply reduced incomes. In the longer term, the
Project seeks to contribute to the Government of Colombia's (GOC) reform
of its social safety net by setting in place a modern, well targeted, and
efficient program. In this regard, the Project is a key part of GOC's
evolving Red de Apoyo Social (RAS) program designed to expand and
strengthen Colombia's social safety net system, enabling it to respond
faster and better during times of crisis. To achieve these objectives, the
Project would finance the provision of two kinds of conditional grants to
nuclear families classified as SISBEN 1. (Families in SISBEN 1 belong
approximately to the poorest quintile of the income distribution.) A
nutrition grant would be provided to eligible families with 0-6 year old
children who are not in the community nutrition and pre-school program
(Hogares Communitarios de Bienestar) of the Instituto Colombiano de
Bienestar Familiar (ICBF, Colombian Institute of Family Welfare). The
family would receive the grant in cash for as long as it complies with
agreed health/nutrition requirements, which include the immunization of
its 0-6 children, the monitoring and control of their development
according to pre-specified norms, and their mother's participation in
group discussions on health and child care issues. The other grant is a
scholarship (also in cash) that would be provided to each eligible
children aged 7-17 years old who are registered in school and keep a class
attendance rate of not less than 80 percent. Through these grants, the
Project would allow families to avoid coping mechanisms that are damaging
to the future earnings of their children.    Colombia has thousands of poor
vulnerable children who can benefit from the Project. These children
belong to families whose income and assets are so low that even during
normal economic times they have very little resources to cushion the
impact of idiosyncratic shocks. Social assistance programs exist to help
these families; they are, however, inadequate. Given the depth of the
current economic crisis and the inadequacy of the social safety net, the
fear is that the crisis could have serious impact on the well-being of
those children. Apart from its immediate impact on their present
consumption, the crisis threatens to reduce family investments in their
- 5 -



human capital, which is already low to begin with. In particular, it
threatens to undermine the ability of the above-mentioned families to
adequately invest in their children's basic health and education. The
consequence is that for many of those children, their future ability to
escape the poverty cycle could become even more difficult, depending on
the duration of the crisis and the rapidity by which Government is able to
strengthen its social safety net.
3. Rationale for Bank's Involvement
Bank support adds value in several areas. First, the GOC values the Bank's
analytical capacity and broad international experience with social
protection. In this regard, the Bank has contributed significantly to the
discussion of the conditional cash transfer idea, drawing from its
familiarity and review of PROGRESA and other similar programs. This
discussion was helpful in the choice of the Project and alternative design
features. Second, Bank support for the project during implementation
would assist GOC in ensuring that the technical criteria are applied
appropriately and that any adjustments made to project design take into
account best practices in social protection projects. Finally, in its
effort to rationalize its social safety net, GOC could benefit from
ongoing and recently completed Bank studies. As mentioned, the Bank is
current undertaking various analyses of Colombia's social safety programs,
unemployment and the labor market, and poverty issues. Relevant recently
published Bank studies include Social Protection Strategy: From Safety Net
to Spring Board (2000) and Securing Our Future in a Global Economy
(2000)), which lay out analytical frameworks for assessing and developing
a coherent social protection reform strategy for Colombia. Bank's
expertise in this are is an important consideration for Project
sustainability and impact in the long run.
4. Description
The Project consists of four components (see table below). The first
component (US$67.2 million) is the Educational Grants (EG). This would
finance scholarships for children aged 7-17 years old belonging to
families with SISBEN 1 classification. Beneficiary families would receive
the education grant during the duration of the project (three years) for
as long as they are enrolled in primary or secondary schools, maintain a
class attendance rate of not less than 80 percent, and do not repeat
grades more than once. Each education beneficiary would receive a monthly
stipend to be agreed between the Bank, IDB and GOC by appraisal. The
current idea of GOC is to set the monthly stipend per eligible child at
US$6 per month and US$12 for primary and secondary school students,
respectively. These amounts are about equal on average to the direct
expenditures of households on education.The second component (US$60.8
million) is the health/nutrition grant (HNG). This component would finance
direct cash grants to eligible (SISBEN1) families with 0-6 year old
children. Selected families would receive the grant for as long as they
comply with agreed health/nutrition requirements. These include the
immunization of their 0-6 children and their use of basic health services
according to norms established by the Ministry of Health, and mothers'
participation in child health/ development group discussions. This grant
would enable and motivate beneficiary mothers of 0-6 year old children to
give them the nutrition and health care they need during this critical
period of growth and development. Just as with the education grant, the
amount of health/nutrition grant to be provided eligible families would be
- 6 -



agreed by appraisal. The current thinking of GOC is to set the
health/nutrition grant at US$20 per month per eligible family with a 0-6
year old child regardless of the number of children. It is claimed that
on average this amount represents about $13 per child aged 0-6 years old
per month. The grant of US$20 per month is more or less equal to the gap
between the cost of a basic food basket for determining the poverty line
and the average income of indigent families. The health/nutrition as well
as education grant per beneficiary would be indexed so that its real value
is maintained over the years. The selection of grant beneficiaries and the
verification of compliance with requirements of their receipt would be
done in accordance with procedures and criteria to be established in the
Operations Manual satisfactory the Bank. The Project Management component
would finance the operational costs of the temporary National Coordinating
Unit (NCU). These costs would partly be shared by the Manos a la Obra
project. Finally, the Monitoring and Evaluation component would finance
the external review and evaluation of the performance and impact of the
project. Only about 10 percent of Bank loan would be spent for non-Grant
cost.The conditional subsidy program would have a total loan funding of
$248 million from the Bank and IADB. This Project would contribute US150
million, while IADB's Apoyo Familiar would provide another US$98 million.
The total Project cost (US$198) shown below includes a rough estimate of
the value of the in-kind contribution of ICBF and the local governments.
The EG and HNG components would be financed 100 percent by both Banks. The
other components would be wholly or partly funded by counterpart
resources. Counterpart funding would be agreed by appraisal. It would
appear at this stage that Colombia could provide counterpart funding of
about 10-20 percent of Project cost.    Total administrative cost is
expected to be about, if not less than, that of Mexico's PROGRESA (roughly
30 percent).
(1) Education Grants (EG)
(2) Health/Nutrition Grants (HNG)
(3) Project Management
(4) Monitoring and Evaluation
(5) Unallocated
5. Financing
Total ( US$m)
GOVERNMENT 30
IBRD 150
IDA
LOCAL GOVTS. (PROV., DISTRICT, CITY) OF BORROWING COUNTRY 18
Total Project Cost 198
6. Implementation
National management. Just as with Manos a la Obra and other RAS projects,
the Administrative Department under the Office of the President, through
the Peace Investment Fund (DAPRE-FIP), would be responsible overall for
implementation of the Project.    Day-to-day operations would be handled by
a National Coordinating Unit (NCU), to be set up under DAPRE-FIP with
full-time staff, which would operate with relative autonomy. The NCU
would be responsible for ensuring implementation of project activities
according to agreed criteria and guidelines and for loan administration,
supervision, and control. Some of NCU staff will be shared between this
Project and the Manos a la Obra. They include staff of finance and
- 7 -



administration, legal office, communications, management information sytem
(MIS), and internal control. Others involving training, monitoring and
operations will be dedicated exclusively to the Project. DNP would be
responsible for monitoring and technical review of the Project's progress.
As DAPRE-FIP would be responsible for other programs with different
objectives, agenda, and governing procedures, it has been agreed that the
RAS would be maintained operationally and financially separate from the
other DAPRE-FIP programs. To this end, the RAS would have its own Bank
accounts and accounting system. Moreover, a Steering Committee, which
would comprise high-level representatives of stakeholders such as the
Departments of Planning, ICBF and SENA, would be established to ensure
that RAS operations are technically sound and well coordinated. The
principal responsibilities of the Committee are to provide technical
orientation, coordination of the various RAS projects, and supervision of
their performance. Inclusion of high level representatives of the
Ministries of Education and Health will be proposed to GOC to ensure
cooperation on supply side issues. It will also be proposed to include
representatives from reputable Non-Governmental Organizations will be
proposed to lend credibility to the program. DAPRE-FIP would contract a
fiduciary agent (Fiducia) to manage and control the flow of funds. One of
the most important responsibilities of the Fiducia would be to contract a
network of Banks to deliver directly to the beneficiary mothers said
grants and  ensure that they are properly documented.      The ICBF, which
has a national mandate to provide child development services, would
support the NCU. Its involvement with the Project is an opportunity for
ICBF to transform itself into a more efficient, demand-driven agency.
Local management. Project administration at the regional and local level
will rely on two foundations: the existing ICBF administrative
infrastructure and community-based monitoring.ICBF Infrastructure.
Regional and local project implementation will be carried out primarily
through the use of ICBF staff and facilities. The ICBF network includes
offices and staff at 3 levels: (i) the central, national level in the
capital of Bogota; (ii) the regional level with one office per department
(Colombian departments are equivalent to Mexican or US states); and (iii)
the local level with a zonal office serving 5-10 municipalities. The
regional offices will be responsible for the incorporation of
participating municipalities, regional implementation of the management
information system, and management of the network of zonal offices within
the department. The zonal offices will be responsible for the project's
local administration, including the incorporation of beneficiaries, the
delivery and collection school and health center and other project
monitoring data, and the coordination of the training programs for project
beneficiaries and local actors. The zonal office will also serve as the
Project's liaison with the groups responsible for community-based
monitoring. At full implementation, the Project will rely on the ICBF
network through the use of 26 regional offices and 129 zonal offices.
Community-based Monitoring. The direct involvement of beneficiaries and
local actors is critical to successful project implementation. Two local
networks will provide the foundation for community-based project
monitoring:    the mothers receiving the transfers and the Technical
Committee for Social Policy (Comite Tecnico de Politica Social) based in
each municipality. Mothers receiving transfers will be convened to elect
one coordinator per neighborhood, with a coordinator representing no more
than 100 mothers. The coordinator will serve as the principal agent
between the program and the beneficiaries and will be responsible for
- 8 -



providing information on training and program benefits and assisting
mothers in resolving questions and problems. The elected coordinators
will provide bimonthly community reports and serve as a liaison with the
Technical Committee for Social Policy.The Technical Committee for Social
Policy based in each municipality is responsible for meetings and
coordination between the health, education, municipal government and
national government representatives. This group, already established
through ICBF, is responsible for channeling demands and recommendations to
the Program's zonal and regional offices and for serving as a direct
liaison with the beneficiary mothers. It will be recommended that this
group also include local civil society representatives and an elected
beneficiary mother.A community-based citizen watchdog (Veeduria Ciudadana)
would be established to oversee Project implementation and provide a
vehicle by which citizens can register their complaints against the
Project, including issues pertaining to selection of beneficiaries,
delivery of grants, and beneficiary compliance with grant conditions. How
the Veeduria Ciudadana would be organized and function needs further
elaboration during Project preparation and close supervision during the
pilot. Monitoring Beneficiaries' Compliance with Health and Education
Objectives. The monitoring of beneficiaries' compliance with program
requirements will be based on the combined use of program participation
data, community-based monitoring and spot checks. (i) Program
participation data on compliance with the education, health and training
requirements will gathered through the use of two forms, one filled out at
the school and one at the health center. Mothers will be responsible for
working with teachers and health center workers to fill out the forms, a
system that places incentive for compliance with the stakeholder, but
relies on verification from the providers. The forms will be collected and
processed on a bimonthly basis through the Program zonal office and will
serve as the primary inputs to the Program's management information
system. (ii) Participatory, community-based monitoring will take place
through communication with the network of coordinators elected by
participating mothers, regular town hall meetings organized by Project
staff in beneficiary communities, and the community-based watchdog
system.(iii) Spot checks reviewing Program operations will be conducted on
a sample basis in participating municipalities by external firm every
three months. These will be used to validate the accuracy of the data
being collected for the Program, particularly regarding compliance with
participation requirements, and the efficiency of the Program's
operational systems. These external spot checks will serve as a check on
the monitoring data collected through the Program's management information
system.Monitoring Supply Capacity in the Health and Education System.
Databases maintained by the Ministries of Health and Education in
collaboration with municipal governments on health insurance coverage and
supply capacity in schools and health centers will be monitored to ensure
that the system is able to supply needed health and education
services.Guidelines and Manual of Operations. An Operations Manual
satisfactory to the Bank will govern the implementation of the Project.
The Manual, which is already in an advanced state of preparation, will be
reviewed in the pre-appraisal mission. It will cover topics on operational
procedures and guidelines regarding loan adminsitration and staffing,
beneficiary selection, grant amounts, verification of compliance with
grant conditions, procurement, flow of funds, financial management and
control (accounting, auditing, and reporting), coordination, supervision,
monitoring and evaluation. The following gives an outline of the process
- 9-



by which financial issues will be dealt with and laid out in the
Operations Manual. Financial management. The NCU will be responsible for
maintaining project management arrangements acceptable to the Bank. The
NCU will initially follow SOE procedures until it is ready to apply LACI
procedures. The Operations Manual would concretely specify internal
controls over project transactions, including control procedures for
project flow of funds. In addition, the Manual would include specific
administrative and accounting procedures to assure sufficient control and
accurate information.    The Government has also agreed to a time-bound
action plan designed to prepare the NCU for full LACI compliance.     The
first part of the action plan, which establish the capacity to ensure that
Project funds can be accounted for in a timely maner and that they will be
used in accordance with the purposes of the loan, would be completed as a
condition of effectiveness. Accounting, financial reporting and auditing
arrangements. The NCU under DAPRE-FIP will be responsible for the
management of project funds, including national counterpart funds, and for
keeping track of local counterpart resources. In order to ensure
provision of accurate and timely information about the use of project
funds, the NCU would install an integrated financial system acceptable to
the Bank. This system would include planning, internal controls,
accounting, and financial reporting. The Project Chart of Accounts would
be structured accordingly.During each year, the NCU shall prepare and
submit to the Bank quarterly Project Management Reports (PMRs) linking
project expenditures to key monitoring indicators of activities carried
out during the quarter. The formats and basis to produce those reports
would be in accordance with the Bank's Financial Management Manual and
LACI procedures.In addition to PMRs, external audits of project financial
statements will be required on an annual basis. An independent private
sector firm acceptable to the Bank will carry out the auditing of project
accounts. A specific shortlist of audit firms and Terms of Reference for
audits (TOR) would be prepared by the NCU and a no-objection letter would
be issued by the Bank. The TOR will be included in the final version of
the Operations Manual.Flow of funds. Under the SOE arrangement, the Bank
would deposit loan funds in the Special Account (SA) in Banco de la
Republica (BR). BR debits the SA for the amount of payment received using
current exchange rate and informs the National Treasury (DGTN) and
DAPRE-FIP of receipt of funds. DGTN records SA transactions into the
Integrated Financial Information (SIIF) system. This information can be
accessed immediately by Credito Publico which would authorize
disbursement. DAPRE-FIP gives instruction to DGTN to make payments to the
Fiduciaria, using the SIIF system. In turn, the Fiducia would make
payments to the Project's beneficiaries. DAPRE-FIP through the SIIF system
will have access to the following data: (i) PAC (Plan Annual de Caja);
(ii) balance of the SA; and (iii) Credito Publico approvals.       Phasing
of implemention. Implementation of the Project would done in stages. Pilot
Stage. The first stage would pilot the operations of the Project in four
municipalities within two departments, Boyaca' and Tolima. 5,809 SISBEN 1
nuclear families living in these municipalities could apply for the
education and health grants. These areas were selected for ease of access
and security, the size of their potential beneficiary population, and
their poverty rate, which is close to the average. The pilot is intended
to generate the experience, capacity, and information necessary to make
adjustments on project design and expansion plan.               Project
Expansion. After the pilot, the project would be expanded to 27
departments and up to 440 municipalities that meet the eligibility
- 10 -



criteria. These municipalities, 58 percent of which are located in rural
areas, would be included in the Project according to their priority
status. The exact method by which municipalities would be prioritized for
inclusion would be agreed by appraisal. Although there is agreement at
present that the expansion of project coverage would move from the poorest
to the less poor municipalities, there is no consensus yet on the exact
methodology. Proposed methods, which would be discussed during
preparation, include: use of the ICV index, the size of SISBEN 1
population, and a combination of these approaches. The manner by which the
program would be expanded is very important, since there could be "excess
demand", necessitating the establishment of a transparent method for
rationing the limited amount of grants the Project could finance.
Municipal Eligibility Criteria. Municipal capacity and willingness to
participate in the Project will be confirmed prior to any municipality's
incorporation into the Project. Details on municiapalities' eligibility
criteria will be refined during the Project appraisal process. Municipal
eligibility will include an assurance of municipal capacity to provide
complementary supply-side investments in health and education and their
ability to apply the SISBEN proxy means test to determine families'
eligibility for Project benefits in cases where the SISBEN test has not
been applied or is outdated.
7. Sustainability
Total cost of the conditional transfer program, including both Bank and
IADB projects, is roughly 5 percent of non-pension national social
spending. It appears possible, thereforem to sustain the program in
principle. This would be feasible particularly if the Project is
established solely to alleviate the impact of the economic crisis on the
welfare of the poorest population and is intended recede into the
backburner as the economy recovers. Under this scenario, the idea would
simply be to establish in the long run a social assistance system whose
funding would be countercyclical and would minimize use by poor families
of crisis-coping mechanisms detrimental to their long term welfare
(e.g.pulling out children from schools). But the above-mentioned program
cost as a share of current social spending further suggests that a more
ambitious view of the program's future could also be sustainable. In this
regard, GOC wants to address not only countercyclical but also structural
issues. That is, GOC wants to use the program to address also structural
poverty. The program is appealing for this purpose not only because it
allows poor families to cope with economic crises more efficiently, but
also because it enables and motivates them to invest in their children's
human capital -- and, hence, improve their chances of exiting the vicious
poverty cycle. The vision here is that although program funding would be
reduced once the crisis has subsided, GOC in principle would maintain the
program at a certain affordable level to address the problem of structural
poverty. Such policy would simultaneously maintain a tested system that
would be ready to expand quickly and efficiently, as needed to meet severe
cyclical economic downturns.Whether in fact and to what extent GOC will
support the program over the long term will depend on two broad factors.
First, given that the Project approach is new, continued political support
will depend on a clear demonstration of success in reaching the intended
beneficiaries and improving their welfare, particularly of the children's
health, nutrition and education. Second, financial support will be
determined by GOC's ability to reform Colombia's social safety net system.
The hope is that by reducing the budget of existing inefficient social
- 11 -



safety net programs, reform would generate enough savings to maintain
needed funding for the conditional tranfer program. The experience of
Mexico in this regard is instructive. PROGRESA has been sustained by (i)
showing that it is a highly effective social assistance program for the
poor; and (ii) reducing some untargeted subsidy (tortilla) to finance a
more credible alternative. GOC has expressed its intention of reforming
the system. On this point, the Bank and GOC have agreed to undertake a
social assistance study, currently ongoing, to help identify ways of
improving efficient use of social assistance resources. A possible Social
Sector Adjustment Loan subsequent to this Project has also been discussed.
Finally, GOC has agreed that the share of IADB and Bank in Project
financing would be on a declining basis. The exact percentage would be
agreed up by appraisal.
8. Lessons learned from past operations in the country/sector
The choice of project design has benefited from a study of Mexico's
conditional cash transfer project, Progresa. In fact, GOC sent key staff
to Mexico during the identification/preparation stage to learn from the
Mexican experience. Other similar experiences with conditional transfers
to assist the poor in Brazil (Bolsa Escola, PETI) and Bangladesh were also
examined. Among the lessons learned from these non-Bank experiences as
well as Bank projects that are reflected in the design and preparation of
the Project are:(i) Effectiveness and operational feasibility: Providing
conditional cash transfers to poor families is a feasible and politically
acceptable approach to social assistance. Research has shown that much of
the opposition to cash subsidies due to concern of "asistencialismo" or
socially inappropriate use of the subsidy (e.g. drinking and gambling) can
be overcome by linking the assistance to desirable behavior such as
sending children in school and keeping them healthy and by giving the
transfers to mothers whose decisions regarding the intra-household
allocation of resources often favor children's health and education. This
research and the experience of Progresa, Bolsa Escola and similar programs
influenced the choice of conditional cash transfer program as a
cornerstone of the Red de Apoyo Social (RAS) strategy.(ii) Need to keep an
eye on long reform and sustainability: The Progresa experience points to a
interesting approach to reform of the social assistance system. As in
Mexico, the GOC through this Project hopes to successfully establish a
credible and more efficient alternative to certain existing program that
are untargeted, expensive, and ineffective. For this purpose, the Project
ensures that it has a credible monitoring and evaluation component.
Moreover, it has been agreed to complement this Project and the Manos a la
Obra with a Bank study of the social assistance system in Colombia and,
possibly, a subsequent Social Sector Adjustment lending operation.
(iii) The importance of transparency and citizen oversight: Transparency
in the rules of the game with citizens acting as watchdogs is a key to
minimizing corruption and ensuring that the money reaches the intended
beneficiaries with the least leakage. The Project is designed with this
lesson in mind. To this effect, the Project will be guided by the
principle of keeping the rules simple, the manual of operations clear, and
communication with the target population and other stakeholders
effective.(iv) Participation of and commitment by all stakeholders: In
addition to strong commitment by the Government, the extent to which civil
society and stakeholders, including the local schools and health centers,
participate and enforce good implementation is crucial for program
success. Consultation with beneficiaries also contribute greatly in this
- 12 -



regard. The Progresa program in Mexico emphasizes active participation
and co-responsibility of parents. Local communities are also involved
thorough regular meetings to promote transparent project implementation
and to monitor the adequate use of subsidies by the beneficiary families.
In Brazil, NGOs support the programs through working with families and
educators, and providing training for monitors. (v) Effective targeting
mechanism: Key to the success of conditional transfer programs has been
good targeting. Rates of undercoverage have been high while leakage rates
are reported to have been low. In decentralized programs, the issue of
nationwide targeting is crucial. The federal government needs to make its
own calculations to prioritize geographical areas where interventions are
needed most, so as to remain consistent with the objective of reaching the
most needy in the country. The Project will be relying on the
well-regarded SISBEN proxy means testing system and will seek to ensure
that it is properly applied within participating municipalities.(vi)
Selection criteria for program beneficiaries: Excessively rigorous
criteria for selection of beneficiary families can lead to exclusion of
the needy. Minimum residency requirement on beneficiaries are introduced
to discourage in-migration. This, however, can result in excluding needy
groups, which raises concerns about equity. For this reason, it will be
recommended that residency requirement should be kept to a minimum of
approximately a year.(vii) Effect on educational attainment: The programs
have improved educational indicators and outcomes. Mexico's Progresa
program has had significant impacts in improving school enrollment,
especially at the secondary level where 8.4 percent increase in school
attendance was observed from a base of 65 percent. In the Bolsa Escola
programs in Brazil, school attendance is higher and dropout rates lower
for the beneficiaries compared to non-beneficiaries. Furthermore, more
beneficiary children enter school at the right age and exhibit higher
promotion rate (80 percent) compared to their non-beneficiary counterparts
(72 percent). However, no significant difference was observed in terms of
learning outcomes. The Project will study the necessity of investment in
school quality when the program is expanded to poorer regions. (viii)
Health and nutrition attainment: Data on health indicators are not yet
available. However, according to preliminary evaluation of the Progresa
program, improvements in access and usage of facilities was observed in
areas where programs address health and nutrition. The number of health
visits increased by 20 percent in Progresa-areas, while only 5 percent in
non-Progresa areas. Looking at increase by types of beneficiaries, there
has been a 30 percent increase for families with children under age 5 and
16 percent for those with pregnant women. On nutrition, it is reported
that beneficiary families increased their expenditure on some important
food items by one-third more than non-beneficiary families. Furthermore,
participation in Progresa lowered the probability of illness by 22 percent
among children aged 0-2. These results influenced the decision to include
nutrition grant in the Project and condition it on basic health care
indicators. (vi) Optimal level of cash transfer: First, the level of the
subsidy needs to be carefully determined through a clear and systematic
method, keeping in mind the priorities of the program; that is,
compensating beneficiary families for lost wages, or bringing them up to
the poverty line. Making use of a program-by-program approach can perhaps
result in the most appropriate subsidy level. Second, since older
children are likely to have a higher opportunity cost for their school
time, subsidy increase with age seems reasonable. This is the case with
Progresa where secondary school children receive higher subsidy. Third,
- 13 -



some programs give flat rate subsidy per family rather than per child.
This may discourage families with many children to participate in the
program, and therefore, subsidies determined by number of children in the
family is preferable. However, considering the need for institutional
capacity and the high administration cost that may incur, governments may
decide to keep the scheme simple. During Project preparation the team has
assessed the value of the subsidy relative to the poverty line and
indigence line, the opportunity cost of school attendance relative to
children's' earnings and the cost of the transfers relative to other GOC
programs.(vii) Combination of supply and demand: Without the availability
of adequate and reasonable quality services (schools, health clinics
etc.), demand side interventions (i.e. conditional cash transfers to the
poor) are not likely to succeed. At the same time, however, good quality
supply is not sufficient for attaining positive human development
outcomes. Thus the capacity to meet the increase in demand from these
demand side programs matters. Mexico's Progresa program provides
additional funding for schools and clinics while the PETI program in
Brazil pays a transfer to local schools for every child in the program.
On the other hand, most of the Bolsa Escola programs in Brazil do not
provide support to schools given that the quality of local schools in
urban areas (where these programs operate) is adequate enough to meet the
increased demand for schooling that results from the program. For these
reasons the Project is (i) providing demand-side subsidies in conjunction
with an assessment of municipalities' health and education supply capacity
and (ii) considering financial support to ensure the quality of health and
education services in poorer areas.(viii) The need to establish a solid
monitoring and evaluation system: Any new, large-scale social sector
projects needs to have a system to monitoring project outcomes and
evaluate project impact established from the beginning of the project. The
Project has established an integrated internal monitoring and evaluation
system and included financing for a comprehensive external impact
evaluation in recognition of the importance of these activities.(ix)
Implementation capacity: Programs of this nature require sophisticated
administrative capacity. Countries that consider introducing them should
ensure that they build the implementation capacity first. Political and
technical support as well as consensus on the need for the program within
the country would certainly facilitate project implementation. One way to
deal with this issue is to begin the Project, as is contemplated here,
with pilot communities and using the experience (through good process
evaluation) to make corrections and adjustments. The Project will also
work through the national and regional offices of ICBF, relying on their
established administrative capacity and their national presence to
facilitate project implementation.
9. Program of Targeted Intervention (PTI)     Y
10. Environment Aspects (including any public consultation)
Issues     :  None
11. Contact Point:
Task Manager
Vicente B. Paqueo
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
- 14 -



Washington D.C. 20433
Telephone: 202-458-2534
12. For information on other project related documents contact:
The InfoShop
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone: (202) 458-5454
Fax:        (202) 522-1500
Web: http:// www.worldbank.org/infoshop
Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain components may
not be necessarily included in the final project.
This PID was processed by the InfoShop during the week ending February 9, 2001.
- 15 -



