Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 1973 KE
             Development Credit Agreement
(Geothermal Development and Energy Preinvestment Project)
                        between
                   REPUBLIC OF KENYA
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                Dated February 13, 1989
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 1973 KE
             DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated February 13, 1989, between REPUBLIC
OF KENYA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association).
     WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as
to the feasibility and priority of the Project described
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has requested the
Association to assist in the financing of the Project;
     (B)  the Borrower has requested from overseas
Development Administration of the United Kingdom, the
Government of Japan, the Federal Republic of Germany
through Kreditanstalt fur Wiederaufbau (KfW) , Canada and
the Republic of Finland, Grants in amounts approximately
equivalent to nine million five hundred thousand dollars
($9,500,000) to assist in financing Part B of the
Project;
     (C)  Part A of the Project will be carried out by
the Kenya Power Company Limited (KPC) with the assistance
of the Borrower and of the Kenya Power and Lighting
Company Limited (KPLC) pursuant to the provisions of the
Management Agreement dated November 18, 1980, between KPC
and KPLC which, inter alia, appoints KPLC as corporate
manager of KPC;
     (D)  as part of the aforementioned assistance, the
Borrower will make available to KPC the proceeds of the
Credit for Part A of the Project as hereinafter provided;
and
Page  2
     WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis,
inter alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the
Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement and in the Joint Project Agreement of even date
herewith among the Association, KPC and KPLC;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02
deleted (the General Conditions) constitute an integral
part of this Agreement.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions and
in the Preamble to this Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional
terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "Joint Project Agreement" means the agreement
among the Association, KPC and KPLC of even date
herewith, as the same may be amended from time to time,
and such term includes all schedules and agreements
supplemental to the Joint Project Agreement;
     (b)  "Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement
to be entered into between the Borrower and KPC pursuant
to Section 3.01 (c) of this Agreement, as the same may be
amended from time to time, and such term includes all
schedules to the Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
     (c)  "KPC" means The Kenya Power Company Limited, a
limited liability company, incorporated and operating
under the laws of the Borrower;
     (d)  "KPLC" means The Kenya Power and Lighting
Company Limited, a limited liability company,
incorporated and operating under the laws of the
Borrower; and
     (e)  "Power Companies" means KPC, KPLC and any other
Kenyan entity engaged in the generation, importation,
supply, transmission or distribution of electric energy
for sale to consumers in Kenya.
                      ARTICLE II
                      The Credit
     Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in this Agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent to thirty-one million six hundred
thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 31,600,000).
     Section 2.02. The amount of the Credit may be
withdrawn from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for
expenditures made (or, if the Association shall so agree,
to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30,
1994, or such later date as the Association shall
establish. The Association shall promptly notify the
Page  3
Borrower of such later date.
     Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a commitment charge on the principal amount
of the Credit not withdrawn from time to time at a rate
to be set by the Association as of June 30 of each year,
but not to exceed the rate of one-half of one percent
(1/2 of 1%) per annum.
     (b)  The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from a
date sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the
accrual date) to the respective dates on which amounts
shall be withdrawn by the Borrower from the Credit
Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate set as of the
June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at such
other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter
pursuant to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June
30 in each year shall be applied as of the next payment
date in that year specified in Section 2.06 of this
Agreement, except that the rate set as of June 30, 1988,
shall be applied as of July 1, 1988.
     (c)  The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at
such places as the Association shall reasonably request;
(ii) without restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in
the territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency
specified in this Agreement for the purposes of Section
4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other eligible
currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that
Section.
     Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a service charge at the rate of three-fourths
of one per cent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal
amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time
to time.
     Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges
shall be payable semiannually on January 15 and July 15
in each year.
     Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c)
below, the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Credit in semiannual installments payable on each
January 15 and July 15 commencing January 15, 1999, and
ending July 15, 2023. Each installment to and including
the installment payable on July 15, 2008, shall be one
and one-fourth percent (1-1/4%) of such principal amount,
and each installment thereafter shall be two and one-half
percent (2-1/2%) of such principal amount.
     (b)  Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national
product per capita, as determined by the Association,
shall have exceeded $790 in constant 1985 dollars for
five consecutive years, and (ii) the Bank shall consider
the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval
thereof by the Executive Directors of the Association and
after due consideration by them of the development of the
Borrower's economy, modify the terms of repayment of
installments under paragraph (a) above by requiring the
Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the
Borrower, the Association may revise such modification to
include, in lieu of some or all of the increase in the
amounts of such installments, the payment of interest at
an annual rate agreed with the Association on the
principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding
from time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the
Association, such revision shall not change the grant
Page  4
element obtained under the above-mentioned repayment
modification.
     (c)  If, at any time after a modification of terms
pursuant to paragraph (b) above, the Association
determines that the Borrower's economic condition has
deteriorated significantly, the Association may, if so
requested by the Borrower, further modify the terms of
repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
     Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of
America is hereby specified for the purposes of Section
4.02 of the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE III
               Execution of the Project
     Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and, to the end, shall
carry out Part B of the Project through its Ministry of
Energy, with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate administrative, financial and
engineering practices, and shall provide, promptly as
needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for the purpose.
     (b)  Without any limitation or restriction upon any
of its other obligations under this Agreement the
Borrower shall cause KPC and KPLC to perform in
accordance with the provisions of the Joint Project
Agreement all the obligations of KPC and KPLC therein set
forth, shall take and cause to be taken all action,
including the provision of funds, facilities, services
and other resources, necessary or appropriate to enable
KPC and KPLC to perform such obligations, and shall not
take or permit to be taken any action which would prevent
or interfere with such performance.
     (c)  The Borrower shall relend the proceeds of the
Credit allocated to Part A of the Project, except for an
amount not exceeding SDR 7,600,000, to KPC under a
subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into between the
Borrower and KPC, under terms and conditions which shall
have been approved by the Association, and which shall
provide, inter alia, that the proceeds of the Credit
shall be relent at an interest rate of at least 7. 59%
per annum, for a term of 20 years, including a grace
period of seven years and KPC shall bear the risk
resulting from fluctuations in the value of the
currencies relent to it.
     (d)  The Borrower shall make available to KPC out of
the Credit, the equivalent of SDR 7,600,000 as an equity
contribution.
     (e)  The Borrower shall exercise its rights under
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement in such manner as to
protect the interests of the Borrower and the Association
and to accomplish the purposes of the Credit, and except
as the Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower
shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive the Subsidiary
Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
     Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods, works and
consultants' services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be
governed by the provisions of the Schedule to the Joint
Project Agreement.
Page  5
     Section 3.03. The Borrower and the Association
hereby agree that the obligations set forth in Sections
9.03 through 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to
insurance, use of goods and services, plans and
schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of Part A of the
Project, shall be carried out by KPC and KPLC pursuant to
Section 2.03 of the Joint Project Agreement.
     Section 3.04. The Borrower shall carry out the
studies under Part B of the Project, under terms of
reference mutually agreed between the Borrower and the
Association.
     Section 3.05, The Borrower shall, prior to the
commencement of any geothermal drilling program in Kenya,
inform the Association of such geothermal drilling
program, whether funded by the Association or by others
with the view to affording the Association an opportunity
for review and comment.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) For all expenditures with respect
to which withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on
the basis of statements of expenditures, the Borrower
shall:
          (i)  maintain or cause to be maintained in
               accordance with sound accounting
               practices, records and accounts
               reflecting such expenditures;
          (ii) ensure that all records (contracts,
               orders, invoices, bills, receipts and
               other documents) evidencing such
               expenditures are retained until at least
               one year after the Association has
               received the audit report for the fiscal
               year in which the last withdrawal from
               the Credit Account was made; and
          (iii)     enable the Association's
                    representatives to examine such
                    records.
     (b)  The Borrower shall:
          (i)  have the records and accounts referred to
               in paragraph (a) (i) of this Section for
               each fiscal year audited, in accordance
               with appropriate auditing principles
               consistently applied, by independent
               auditors acceptable to the Association;
          (ii) furnish to the Association as soon as
               available, but in any case not later than
               eight months after the end of each such
               year the report of such audit by said
               auditors, of such scope and in such
               detail as the Association shall have
               reasonably requested, including a
               separate opinion by said auditors as to
               whether the statements of expenditure
               submitted during such fiscal year,
               together with the procedures and internal
               controls involved in their preparation,
               can be relied upon to support the related
               withdrawals; and
Page  6
          (iii)     furnish to the Association such
                    other information concerning said
                    records and accounts and the audit
                    thereof as the Association shall
                    from time to time reasonably
                    request.
     Section 4.02. The Borrower shall take all necessary
steps in order to enable the Power Companies to meet the
requirements of Sections 6.02 through 6.06 of the Joint
Project Agreement.
                       ARTICLE V
              Remedies of the Association
     Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  KPC or KPLC shall have failed to perform any of
their obligations under the Joint Project Agreement.
     (b)  As a result of events which have occurred after
the date of this Agreement, an extraordinary situation
shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that KPC
or KPLC will be able to perform their respective
obligations under the Joint Project Agreement.
     (c)  The Articles of Incorporation of KPC or KPLC
shall have been amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed
or waived so as to affect materially and adversely the
ability of KPC or KPLC to perform any of its obligations
under the Joint Project Agreement.
     (d)  The Borrower or any other authority having
jurisdiction shall have taken any action for the
dissolution or disestablishment of KPC or KPLC or for the
suspension of their operations.
     Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  the event specified in paragraph (a) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for
a period of sixty days after notice thereof shall have
been given by the Association to the Borrower; and
     (b)  the events specified in paragraphs (c) and (d)
of Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                      ARTICLE VI
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 6.01. The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of this
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the
General Conditions:
     (a)  the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been executed
on behalf of the Borrower and KPC;
     (b)  KPC has made a recommendation for the award of
a contract, satisfactory to the Association, for the
purchase of the drill rig under Part A.2 of the Project;
     (c)  KPC has signed contracts, satisfactory to the
Association, for the procurement packages of about half
the drilling consumables and a third of the drilling
Page  7
materials included under Part A.1 of the Project;
     (d)  the Coordinator of Geothermal Development
referred to in Section 2.06 of the Joint Project
Agreement has been appointed; and
     (e)  the second complement of KPLC drill crews have
been recruited and their training commenced.
     Section 6.02. The following are specified as
additional matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02
(b) of the General Conditions, to be included in the
opinion or opinions to be furnished to the Association:
     (a)  that the Joint Project Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by KPC and KPLC, and is legally
binding upon KPC and KPLC in accordance with its terms;
and
     (b)  that the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been
duly authorized or ratified by the Borrower and KPC and
is legally binding upon the Borrower and KPC in
accordance with its terms.
     Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the
date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the
purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VII
      Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 7.01. The Minister at the time responsible
for finance of the Borrower is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
     Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
          Ministry of Finance
          P.O. Box 30007
          Nairobi
          Kenya
          Cable address:           Telex:
               FINANCE                  96322003
               Nairobi
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS                  440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA)
or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
Page  8
               REPUBLIC OF KENYA
               By /s/ D. D. Afande
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                                Regional Vice President
                                                 Africa
                      SCHEDULE 1
       Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the
allocation of the amounts of the Credit to each Category
and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                       Amount of the
                     Credit Allocated      % of
                       (Expressed in   Expenditures
   Category           SDR Equivalent) to be Financed
(1)    Civil Works      3,630,000       65%
(2)    (a)              Drilling,       17,950,000100% of
foreign
       equipment                        expenditures and
       and materials                    55% of local
                                        expenditures
   (b) Science            820,000       100% of foreign
       equipment                        expenditures
   (c) Workshop           310,000       100% of foreign
       tools and                        expenditures and
       equipment                        100% of local
                                        expenditures
                                        (ex-factory)
(3)    Consultants'     1,020,000       100% of foreign
   services and                         expenditures
   studies
(4)    Training           200,000       100%
(5)    Unallocated      7,670,000
   TOTAL               31,600,000
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "foreign expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of any country other than
that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from
the territory of any country other than that of the
Borrower; and
     (b)  the term "local expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for goods
Page  9
or services supplied from the territory of the Borrower.
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made
for expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement,
except that withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not
exceeding the equivalent of SDR 200,000, may be made in
respect of Category (3) on account of expenditures before
that date but after July 1, 1988.
                      SCHEDULE 2
              Description of the Project
     The objectives of the Project are: (i) to assist the
Borrower in preparing the necessary expansion of its
electricity generating capacity at least cost, through
utilization of indigenous energy resources; and (ii) to
develop options for energy pricing policies, which
encourage more efficient use of fuels and achieve savings
and resource mobilization.
     The Project consists of the following parts, subject
to such modifications thereof as the Borrower and the
Association may agree upon from time to time to achieve
such objectives:
Part A:   Geothermal Development
1.   Provision of drilling supplies and materials for the
drilling of about 32 wells.
2.   Provision of a drill rig rated for drilling to at
least 2,800
meters.
3.   Provision of scientific equipment for geothermal
research.
4.   Construction of: (i) the Moi South Lake Road; and
(ii) drill crew housing, repair shops and work shops
including the provision of tools and equipment.
5.   Provision of engineering supervision services for
Part A.4.
6.   Provision of technical assistance including well
testing,
drilling and scientific data analysis.
7.   Training of newly recruited engineers, scientists
and technicians.
8.   Carrying out an engineering study of the 2 x 30 KW
power plant at Olkaria.
Part B:   Energy Preinvestment
1.   Carrying out an optimization and feasibility study
of the development of the Miriu-Sondu Basin and
preparation of an engineering report for the Lower Miriu
weir and power station.
2.   Carrying out comparative reconnaissance,
prefeasibility and optimization studies on several
potential hydropower sites, including benefits of
irrigation and flood control.
3.   Carrying out an energy pricing study including
policy options for pricing energy products.
4.   Carrying out a study of liquefied petroleum gas in
Page  10
Kenya,
with a view to alleviating shortages.
5.   Carrying out a rural electrification cost
minimization study.
                       *   *   *
     The Project is expected to be completed by December
     31, 1993.
