Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 1973 KE
                Joint Project Agreement
(Geothermal Development and Energy Preinvestment Project)
                         among
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                          and
            THE KENYA POWER COMPANY LIMITED
                          and
     THE KENYA POWER AND LIGHTING COMPANY LIMITED
                Dated February 13, 1989
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 1973 KE
                JOINT PROJECT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated February 13, 1989, among
INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association)
and THE KENYA POWER COMPANY LIMITED (KPC), and THE KENYA
POWER AND LIGHTING COMPANY LIMITED (KPLC);
     WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of
even date herewith between Republic of Kenya (the
Borrower) and the Association, the Association has agreed
to make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to thirty-one million six hundred
thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 31,600,000), on the
terms and conditions set forth in the Development Credit
Agreement, but only on condition that KPC and KPLC agree
to undertake such obligations toward the Association as
are set forth in this Agreement;
     (B)  KPC and KPLC have agreed to undertake Part A of
the Project, as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement;
Page  2
     (C)  by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered
into between the Borrower and KPC, part of the proceeds
of the credit provided for under the Development Credit
Agreement will be made available to KPC on the terms and
conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
and
     WHEREAS KPC and KPLC, in consideration of the
Association's entering into the Development Credit
Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
                      Definitions
     Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the Development Credit
Agreement, the Preamble to this Agreement and in the
General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                      ARTICLE II
               Execution of the Project
     Section 2.01. KPC and KPLC declare their commitment
to the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule
2 to the Development Credit Agreement and, to this end,
shall carry out Part A of the Project with due diligence
and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering and geothermal
industry practices, and shall provide, or cause to be
provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for the Project.
     Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods, works and
consultants' services required for Part A of the Project
and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of the Schedule to
this Agreement.
     Section 2.03. KPC and KPLC shall carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.03 through 9.08 of
the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of
goods and services, plans and schedules, records and
reports, maintenance and land acquisition, respectively)
in respect of the Joint Project Agreement and Part A of
the Project.
     Section 2.04. KPC shall duly perform all its
obligations under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except
as the Association shall otherwise agree, KPC shall not
take or concur in any action which would have the effect
of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
     Section 2.05. (a) KPC and KPLC shall, at the request
of the Association, exchange views with the Association
with regard to the progress of Part A of the Project, the
performance of their obligations under this Agreement and
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters
relating to the purposes of the Credit.
     (b)  KPC and KPLC shall promptly inform the
Association of any condition which interferes or
threatens to interfere with the progress of the Project,
the accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit, or the
Page  3
performance by KPC or KPLC of their respective
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary
Loan Agreement.
     Section 2.06. KPLC shall establish and maintain
until completion of Part A of the Project the position of
Coordinator for Geothermal Development, with suitable
qualifications and experience and with line authority for
all KPLC's geothermal activities.
     Section 2.07. KPLC shall implement its managerial
staffing and development plan for its geothermal section
satisfactory to the Association.
     Section 2.08. KPC and KPLC shall: (a) semi-annually
review with the Association the geothermal drilling
program, results and performance; (b) within one month of
such review, prepare action plans based thereon; and (c)
inform the Association about the drilling program for
each well based on such review.
                      ARTICLE III
           Management and Operations of KPC
     Section 3.01. KPC, with the assistance of KPLC shall
carry on its operations and conduct its affairs in
accordance with sound administrative, financial,
engineering and public utility practices under the
supervision of qualified and experienced management
assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers.
     Section 3.02. KPC shall at all times operate and
maintain its plant, machinery, equipment and other
property, and from time to time, promptly as needed, make
all necessary repairs and renewals thereof, all in
accordance with sound engineering, financial and public
utility practices.
     Section 3.03. KPC shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision
satisfactory to the Association for, insurance against
such risks and in such amounts as shall be consistent
with appropriate practice.
     Section 3.04. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, KPC shall: (i) not amend its Memorandum
and Articles of Association in any material respect; and
(ii) at all times maintain its corporate existence and
right to conduct its operations and shall take all steps
necessary to acquire concessions and franchises which are
necessary or desirable in the conduct of such operations.
                      ARTICLE IV
           Management and Operations of KPLC
     Section 4.01. KPLC shall carry on its operations and
conduct its affairs in accordance with sound
administrative, financial, engineering and public utility
practices under the supervision of qualified and
experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
     Section 4.02, KPLC shall at all times operate and
maintain its plant, machinery, equipment and other
property, and from time to time, promptly as needed, make
all necessary repairs and renewals thereof, all in
accordance with sound engineering, financial and public
utility practices,
     Section 4.03. KPLC shall take out and maintain with
Page  4
responsible insurers, or make other provision
satisfactory to the Association for, insurance against
such risks and in such amounts as shall be consistent
with appropriate practice.
     Section 4.04. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, KPLC shall: (i) not amend its Memorandum
and Articles of Association in any material respect; and
(ii) at all times maintain its corporate existence and
right to conduct its operations and shall take all steps
necessary to acquire concessions and franchises which are
necessary or desirable in the conduct of such operations.
                       ARTICLE V
                    Other Covenants
     Section 5.01. KPC and KPLC declare that the
provisions of the Management Agreement shall apply to the
execution of Part A of the Project and, to that end, KPLC
shall take all such action as may be required to comply
with the obligations of KPC under this Agreement.
     Section 5.02. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, KPC and KPLC shall not take or concur in
any action which would have the effect of amending,
abrogating, assigning or waiving the Management Agreement
or any provision thereof, and shall maintain the
Management Agreement in force at least until the
completion of the Project.
                      ARTICLE VI
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 6.01. (a) KPC and KPLC shall maintain
records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices its operations and
financial condition.
     (b)  KPC and KPLC shall:
          (i)  Have its records, accounts and financial
               statements (balance sheets, statements of
               income and expenses and related
               statements) for each fiscal year audited,
               in accordance with appropriate auditing
               principles consistently applied, by
               independent auditors acceptable to the
               Association;
          (ii) furnish to the Association as soon as
               available, but in any case not later than
               eight months after the end of each such
               year, (A) certified copies of its
               financial statements for such year as so
               audited and (B) the report of such audit
               by said auditors, of such scope and in
               such detail as the Association shall have
               reasonably requested; and
          (iii)     furnish to the Association such
                    other information concerning said
                    records, accounts and financial
                    statements as well as the audit
                    thereof, as the Association shall
                    from time to time reasonably
                    request.
     Section 6.02. (a) Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, KPLC shall take all necessary steps
within its power, as shall be required to ensure that the
Page  5
Power Companies shall produce, for the fiscal years
ending on June 30, 1989, June 30, 1991, and June 30,
1994, and thereafter, funds from internal sources
equivalent to not less than 25%, 27% and 30%
respectively, of the annual average of the Power
Companies' capital expenditures incurred, or expected to
be incurred, for that year and the next following fiscal
year.
     (b)  Before November 30 in each of its fiscal years,
KPLC shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by KPLC
and satisfactory to the Association, review whether the
Power Companies would meet the requirements set forth in
paragraph (a) in respect of such year and the next
following fiscal. year and shall furnish to the
Association a copy of such review upon its completion.
     (c)  If any such review shows that the Power
Companies would not most the requirements set forth in
paragraph (a) for the fiscal years covered by such
review, KPLC shall promptly take all necessary measures
(including, without limitation, adjustments of the
structure or levels of its rates) in order to meet such
requirements.
     (d)  For the purposes of this Section:
          (i)  The term "funds from internal sources"
               means the difference between:
               (A)  the sum of revenues from all sources
                    related to operations, consumer
                    deposits and consumer contributions
                    in aid of construction, not non-
                    operating income and any reduction
                    in working capital other than cash;
                    and
               (B)  the sum of all expenses related to
                    operations, including
                    administration, adequate maintenance
                    and taxes and payments in lieu of
                    taxes (excluding provision for
                    depreciation and other non-cash
                    operating charges), debt service
                    requirements, all cash dividends and
                    other cash distributions of surplus,
                    increase in working capital other
                    than cash and other cash outflows
                    other than capital expenditures.
          (ii) The term "net non-operating income" means
               the difference between:
               (A)  revenues from all sources other than
                    those related to operations; and
               (B)  Expenses, including taxes and
                    payments in lieu of taxes, incurred
                    in the generation of revenues in (A)
                    above.
          (iii)     The term "working capital other than
                    cash" means the difference between
                    current assets excluding cash and
                    current liabilities at the end of
                    each fiscal year.
          (iv) The term "current assets excluding cash"
               means all assets other than cash which
               could in the ordinary course of business
               be converted into cash within twelve
Page  6
               months, including accounts receivable,
               marketable securities, inventories and
               prepaid expenses properly chargeable to
               operating expenses within the next fiscal
               year.
          (v)  The term "current liabilities" means all
               liabilities which will become due and
               payable or could under circumstances then
               existing be called for payment within
               twelve months, including accounts
               payable, customer advances, debt service
               requirements, taxes and payments in lieu
               of taxes, and dividends.
          (vi) The term "debt service requirements"
               means the aggregate amount of repayments
               (including sinking fund payments, if any)
               of, and interest and other charges on,
               debt.
          (vii)     The term "capital expenditures"
                    means all expenditures incurred on
                    account of fixed assets, including
                    interest charged to construction,
                    related to operations.
          (viii)    Whenever, for the purposes of this
                    Section, it shall be necessary to
                    value, in terms of the currency of
                    the Borrower, debt payable in
                    another currency, such valuation
                    shall be made on the basis of the
                    prevailing lawful rate of exchange
                    at which such other currency is, at
                    the time of such valuation,
                    obtainable for the purposes of
                    servicing such debt, or, in the
                    absence of such rate, on the basis
                    of a rate of exchange acceptable to
                    the Borrower and the Association.
     Section 6.03. (a) Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, KPLC shall take all necessary steps
within its power as shall be required to ensure that the
Power Companies shall not incur any debt, unless their
net revenues for the fiscal year immediately preceding
the date of such incurrence or for a later twelve-month
period ended prior to the date of such incurrence,
whichever is the greater, shall be at least 1.5 times the
estimated maximum debt service requirements of the Power
Companies for any succeeding fiscal year on all debt of
the Power Companies, including the debt to be incurred.
     (b)  For the purposes of this Section:
          (i)  The term "debt" means any indebtedness of
               the Power Companies maturing by its terms
               more than one year after the date on
               which it is originally incurred.
          (ii) Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A)
               under a loan contract or agreement or
               other instrument providing for such debt
               or for the modification of its terms of
               payment on the date of such contract,
               agreement or instrument; and (B) under a
               guarantee agreement, on the date the
               agreement providing for such guarantee
               has been entered into.
          (iii)     The term "net revenues" means the
Page  7
                    difference between:
               (A)  the sum of revenues from all sources
                    related to operations adjusted to
                    take account of KPLC's rates in
                    effect at the time of the incurrence
                    of debt even though they were not in
                    effect during the twelve-month
                    period to which such revenues relate
                    and net nonoperating income; and
               (B)  the sum of all expenses related to
                    operations including administration,
                    adequate maintenance, taxes and
                    payments in lieu of taxes, but
                    excluding provision for
                    depreciation, other non-cash
                    operating charges and interest and
                    other charges on debt.
          (iv) The term "net non-operating income" means
               the difference between:
               (A)  revenues from all sources other than
                    those related to operations; and
               (B)  expenses, including taxes and
                    payments in lieu of taxes, incurred
                    in the generation of revenues in (A)
                    above.
          (v)  The term "debt service requirements"
               means the aggregate of repayments
               (including sinking fund payments, if any)
               of, and interest and other charges on,
               debt.
          (vi) Whenever, for the purposes of this
               Section, it shall be necessary to value,
               in terms of the currency of the Borrower,
               debt payable in another currency, such
               valuation shall be made on the basis of
               the prevailing lawful rate of exchange at
               which such other currency is, at the time
               of such valuation, obtainable for the
               purposes of servicing such debt, or, in
               the absence of such rate, on the basis of
               a rate of exchange acceptable to the
               Borrower and the Association.
     Section 6.04. (a) Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, KPLC shall take all necessary steps
within its power, as shall be required to ensure that the
Power Companies shall maintain a ratio of current assets
to current liabilities of not less than 1.1.
     (b)  Before November 30 in each of its fiscal years,
KPLC shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by KPLC
and satisfactory to the Association, review whether the
Power Companies would meet the requirements set forth in
paragraph (a) in respect of such year and the next
following fiscal year and shall furnish to the
Association the results of such review upon its
completion.
     (c)  If any such review shows that the Power
Companies would not meet the requirements set forth in
paragraph (a) for the fiscal years covered by such
review, KPLC shall promptly take all necessary measures
(including, without limitation, adjustments of the
structure or levels of its rates) in order to meet such
requirements.
Page  8
     (d)  For the purposes of this Section:
          (i)  The term "current assets" means cash, all
               assets which could in the ordinary course
               of business be converted into cash within
               twelve months, including accounts
               receivable, marketable securities, inven-
               tories and pre-paid expenses properly
               chargeable to operating expenses within
               the next fiscal year.
          (ii) The term "current liabilities" means all
               liabilities which will become due and
               payable or could under circumstances then
               existing be called for payment within
               twelve months, including accounts
               payable, customer advances, debt service
               requirements, taxes and payments in lieu
               of taxes, and dividends.
          (iii)     The term "debt service requirements"
                    means the aggregate amount of
                    repayments (including sinking fund
                    payments, if any) of, and interest
                    and other charges on, debt.
          (iv) Whenever, for the purposes of this
               Section, it shall be necessary to value,
               in terms of the currency of the Borrower,
               debt payable in another currency, such
               valuation shall be made on the basis of
               the prevailing lawful rate of exchange at
               which such other currency is, at the time
               of such valuation, obtainable for the
               purposes of servicing such debt, or, in
               the absence of such rate, on the basis of
               a rate of exchange acceptable to the
               Borrower and the Association.
     Section 6.05. (a) Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, KPLC shall take all necessary steps
within its power to ensure that the Power Companies shall
maintain a ratio of debt to debt and equity of not
greater than 75% in fiscal year 1990 and 70% in fiscal
year 1991 and thereafter.
     (b)  For purposes of this Section:
          (i)  The term "debt" means any indebtedness of
               Power Companies maturing by its terms
               more than one year after the date on
               which it is originally incurred.
          (ii) Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A)
               under a loan contract or agreement or
               other instrument providing for such debt
               or for the modification of its terms of
               payment on the date of such contract,
               agreement or instrument; and (B) under a
               guarantee agreement, on the date the
               agreement providing for such guarantee
               has been entered into.
          (iii)     The term "equity" means the sum of
                    the total unimpaired paid-up
                    capital, retained earnings and
                    reserves of Power Companies not
                    allocated to cover specific
                    liabilities.
          (iv) Whenever for the purposes of this Section
Page  9
               it shall be necessary to value, in terms
               of the currency of the Borrower, debt
               payable in another currency, such
               valuation shall be made on the basis of
               the prevailing lawful rate of exchange at
               which such other currency is, at the time
               of such valuation, obtainable for the
               purposes of servicing such debt, or, in
               the absence of such rate, on the basis of
               a rate of exchange acceptable to the
               Borrower and the Association.
     Section 6.06. KPLC shall, annually, furnish to the
Association a report on the annual return earned by the
Power Companies' on their average revalued fixed assets
in operation; such report to be based on sound and
consistently maintained revaluation methods satisfactory
to the Association.
     Section 6.07. Section 3.01 of the Project Agreement,
dated June 28, 1984 between KPLC and the International
Bank for Reconstruction and Development (Loan Number 2359
KE) is hereby amended to read as Section 6.02 hereof.
                      ARTICLE VII
             Effective Date; Termination;
              Cancellation and Suspension
     Section 7.01. This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Development Credit
Agreement becomes effective.
     Section 7.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations
of the Association and of KPC and KPLC thereunder shall
terminate on the earlier of the following two dates:
          (i)  the date on which the Development Credit
               Agreement shall terminate in accordance
               with its terms; or
          (ii) the date 20 years after the date of this
               Agreement.
     (b)  If the Development Credit Agreement terminates
in accordance with its terms before the date specified in
paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the Association shall
promptly notify KPC and KPLC of this event.
     Section 7.03. All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions.
                     ARTICLE VIII
               Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 8.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
     For the Association:
Page  10
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS                  440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA)
or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     For KPC:
          The Kenya Power Company Limited
          P.O. Box 30099
          Nairobi, Kenya
          Cable address:           Telex:
               ELECTRIC                 22253 ELECTRIC
               Nairobi                  Nairobi
     For KPLC:
          The Kenya Power and Lighting
               Company Limited
          P.O. Box 30099
          Nairobi, Kenya
          Cable address:           Telex:
               ELECTRIC                 22253 ELECTRIC
               Nairobi                  Nairobi
     Section 8.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of KPC or KPLC
may be taken or executed by the Chief Executive of KPC or
the Chief Executive of KPLC, respectively, or such other
person or persons as such Chief Executive shall designate
in writing, and KPC or KPLC shall furnish to the
Association sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
     Section 8.03. This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                                Regional Vice President
                                                 Africa
               THE KENYA POWER COMPANY LIMITED
Page  11
               By /s/ D. D. Afande
                              Authorized Representative
               THE KENYA POWER AND LIGHTING
                    COMPANY LIMITED
               By /s/ D. D. Afande
                              Authorized Representative
                       SCHEDULE
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I: Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
     Goods and works shall be procured under contracts
awarded in accordance with procedures consistent with
those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines
for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Association in May 1985 (the
Guidelines).
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured
in Kenya may be granted a margin of preference in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs
1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Preference for Domestic Contractors
     In the procurement of works in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, Kenya may grant a
margin of preference to domestic contractors in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraph
5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Civil works contracts for housing, workshops and
drilling may be awarded on the basis of competitive
bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.   Scientific equipment, workshop tools and equipment
and drill equipment may be procured under contracts
awarded through limited international bidding procedures
on the basis of evaluation and comparison of bids invited
from a list of at least three qualified suppliers
eligible under the Guidelines and in accordance with the
procedures set forth in Sections I and II of the
Guidelines (excluding paragraphs 2.8, 2.9, 2.55 and 2.56
thereof).
3.   Scientific equipment, up to an aggregate amount
equivalent to $350,000, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of comparison of price quotations
solicited from a list of at least three suppliers in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Association.
Part E:   Review by the Association of Procurement
Decisions
Page  12
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each contract estimated to cost
the equivalent of $1,000,000 or more, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply.
     (c)  The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs
(a) and (b) shall not apply to contracts on account of
which the Association has authorized withdrawals from the
Credit Account on the basis of statements of expenditure.
Such contracts shall be retained in accordance with
Section 4.01 (a) (ii) of the Development Credit
Agreement.
2.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist KPC and KPLC in carrying out Part
A of the Project, KPC and KPLC shall employ consultants
whose qualifications, experience and terms and conditions
of employment shall be satisfactory to the Association.
Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank
as Executing Agency" published by the World Bank in
August 1981.
