Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3498 IN
                (Second Maharashtra Power Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                       STATE OF MAHARASHTRA
                        Dated July 8, 1992
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3498 IN
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 8, 1992, between INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and STATE OF MAHARASHTRA,
acting by its Governor, (Maharashtra).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between India, acting by its President (the Borrower) and the Bank,
the Bank has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to three hundred fifty million dollars
($350,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that Maharashtra agree to undertake
such obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   for the purpose of carrying out the Project, the
proceeds of the loan provided for under the Loan Agreement will be
made available by the Borrower to Maharashtra as provided for in the
Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS Maharashtra, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake
Page  2
the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the Preamble to this
Agreement and the General Conditions (as so defined) have the
respective meanings therein set forth, and the term "Coupon Rate"
means the Borrower's rate of long-dated securities (15 years
maturity) approved for the purposes of advances under Section 17 (4)
(a) of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934, as amended, or
comparable available marketable securities carrying the guarantee of
Maharashtra.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) Maharashtra declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out or cause to be carried
out the Project through the Board, with due diligence and efficiency
and in conformity with appropriate administrative, financial,
engineering and public utility practices, and shall provide, or
cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Bank and Maharashtra shall
otherwise agree, Maharashtra shall carry out or cause to be carried
out the Project in accordance with the Implementation Program set
forth in Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02.  Maharashtra shall relend to the Board an amount
equivalent to $349,000,000 under financial arrangements to be
entered into between Maharashtra and the Board from the proceeds of
the Loan made available by the Borrower to Maharashtra, under terms
and conditions which shall have been approved by the Bank, which
shall, except as the Bank may otherwise agree, include interest rate
per annum of not less than the prevailing Coupon Rate on the
principal amount so relent and withdrawn by the Board and
outstanding from time to time, and repayment over a period of twenty
years, including therein a period of grace of five years.
      Section 2.03. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, pro-
curement of the goods, works and consultants' services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall
be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.04. Maharashtra shall carry out or cause to be
carried out the obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions (relating to
insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records
and reports, maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in
respect of the Project Agreement.
      Section 2.05. (a) Maharashtra shall, at the request of the
Bank, exchange views with the Bank with regard to progress of the
Project, the performance of its obligations under this Agreement and
other matters relating to the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   Maharashtra shall promptly inform the Bank of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Loan, or the performance by Maharashtra of its obligations under
this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
Page  3
              Management and Operations of the Board
      Section 3.01. Maharashtra shall cause the Board to: (i) carry
on its operations and conduct its affairs in accordance with sound
administrative, financial and public utility practices under the
supervision of qualified and experienced management assisted by
competent staff in adequate numbers; (ii) at all times operate and
maintain its plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and
from time to time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs
and renewals thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering,
financial and public utility practices; and (iii) take out and
maintain with responsible insurers, or make other provision
satisfactory to the Bank for, insurance against such risks and in
such amounts as shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
      Section 3.02. Maharashtra shall cause the Board to: (i) reduce
total commercial accounts receivables less any disputed amount to
less than 2.5 months of revenues; and (ii) reduce commercial
accounts payables to less than 2.0 months of consumption of fuel and
consumables, plus purchases of power.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) Maharashtra shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound engineering practices the operations, resources and
expenditures, in respect of the Project, of the departments or
agencies of Maharashtra responsible for carrying out the Project.
      (b)   Maharashtra shall:
           (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the Bank;
          (ii)    furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than nine months after the end
                  of each such year, the report of such audit by
                  said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                  as the Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
         (iii)    furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts and the
                  audit thereof as the Bank shall from time to time
                  reasonably request.
      Section 4.02. Maharashtra shall cause the Board to:
      (a)   maintain records and accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices its operations and
financial condition.
      (b)   have its records, accounts and financial statements
(balance sheets, statements of income and expenses and related
statements) for each fiscal year audited, in accordance with
appropriate auditing principles consistently applied, by indepen-
dent auditors acceptable to the Bank;
      (c)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in any
case not later than nine months after the end of each such year: (A)
certified copies of its financial statements for such year as so
audited, and (B) the report of such audit by said auditors of such
scope and in such detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
requested; and
      (d)   furnish to the Bank such other information concerning
said records, accounts and financial statements as well as the audit
Page  4
thereof, as the Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
Maharashtra shall cause the Board from time to time to take all such
measures (including without limitation, adjustments of the structure
or levels of its tariffs) as shall be required to: (i) produce, for
each of its financial years 1992/93 and 1993/94, funds from internal
sources equivalent to not less than twenty percent (20%) of the
annual average of the Board's capital expenditures incurred, or
expected to be incurred, during the previous, current and following
financial years, and not less than twenty-five percent (25%) in
financial year 1994/95 and thereafter; and (ii) earn an annual
return of not less than four and one-half percent (4.5%) in its
financial year 1992/93 and thereafter, of the average net value of
the fixed assets in operation of the Board.
      (b)   The foregoing provisions of sub-paragraph (a) (ii) of
this Section supercede the provisions of Section 4.03 (a) of the
Project Agreement (Maharashtra Power Project) between the Bank and
Maharashtra dated September 11, 1989.
      (c)   Before March 31 in each financial year, Maharashtra
shall cause the Board, on the basis of forecasts prepared by the
Board and satisfactory to the Bank, to review the adequacy of its
tariffs to meet the requirement set forth in the preceding paragraph
(a) in respect of such year and the next following financial year
and shall furnish to the Bank a copy of such review upon its
completion.
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "funds from internal sources" means the
                  difference between:
                  (A)   the sum of gross revenues from all sources
                        related to the Board's operations, consumer
                        deposits and cash consumer contributions in
                        aid of construction, net non-operating
                        income and any reduction in non-cash
                        working capital; and
                  (B)   the sum of all expenses of the Board's
                        operations, including maintenance and
                        administration (excluding depreciation and
                        other non-cash operating charges), interest
                        and other charges on debt (excluding
                        interest financed under a loan contract),
                        repayment of loans (including sinking fund
                        payments, if any), all taxes or payments in
                        lieu of taxes, all cash dividends and other
                        cash distributions of surplus, increase in
                        non-cash working capital and any other cash
                        outflows other than cash expenditures
                        related to the operations of the Board;
           (ii)   The term "capital expenditures" means all
                  expenditures incurred on account of fixed or
                  capital assets, including interest charged to
                  construction, related to the operations of the
                  Board;
          (iii)   "annual return" means gross revenue of the Board
                  less expenses, divided by net fixed assets of the
                  Board at the beginning of each financial year;
           (iv)   "gross revenue" means the revenue earned and
                  received for the electric services provided by
                  the Board;
            (v)   "expenses" means the sum of all operating
                  expenses, taxes on income and profits,
                  depreciation and interest charged on all
Page  5
                  debentures, bonds and loans;
           (vi)   "operating expenses" means the cost of power
                  generated as well as purchased, fuel, operating,
                  maintenance, management and administrative
                  expenses, and all taxes accruing during the
                  financial year, other than taxes on income and
                  profits of the Board;
          (vii)   "taxes on income and profits" consists of income
                  taxes and other levies accrued by the Board
                  according to the provisions of any legislation or
                  regulation applicable in this respect;
         (viii)   "depreciation" means a provision derived in
                  accordance with the straight-line method based on
                  the useful life of assets as stipulated in the
                  Borrower's notification G.S.F. No. 1330 (E) dated
                  December 12, 1986, issued under the provisions of
                  Section 68 of the Electricity (Supply) Act 1948,
                  of the Borrower, based on the gross value of the
                  Board's fixed assets in service at the beginning
                  of each year;
           (ix)   "interest charged on all debentures, bonds and
                  loans" means all interest, excluding interest
                  during construction, accrued by the Board during
                  the financial year and all other charges on debt;
                  and
            (x)   "net fixed assets of the Board" means: (A) the
                  original cost of such fixed assets, as reduced by
                  the aggregate of the cumulative depreciation in
                  respect of such assets; less (B) consumers'
                  contribution for service lines, also reduced by
                  the aggregate of the cumulative depreciation in
                  respect of such portion of the service lines as
                  has been financed by consumer contributions.
     Section 4.04.  Maharashtra shall make satisfactory financial
arrangements for the acquisition and installation of HVDC terminals
required under Part A (ii) of the Project.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
     Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
     Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of Maharashtra thereunder shall terminate on the date on which
the Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and
the Bank shall promptly notify Maharashtra thereof.
     Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to be
given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
Page  6
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                197688 (TRT),
                   Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA),
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      For Maharashtra:
            Secretary to the Government of Maharashtra
            Department of Energy
            Mantralya, Bombay
            India
            Cable address:                Telex:
                   ENRG                     114170
                   Mantralya, Bombay
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of Maharashtra may be taken or executed by a
Secretary to the Government of Maharashtra or such other person or
persons as Maharashtra shall designate in writing, and Maharashtra
shall furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and
the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                          RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                        By /s/ D. Joseph Wood
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                        South Asia
                        STATE OF MAHARASHTRA
                        By /s/ Lalit Mansingh
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Page  7
Section I:  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
      Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in India may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
      Contracts for small items estimated to cost the equivalent of
$100,000 each or less up to an aggregate amount of $6,300,000
equivalent may be procured on the basis of comparison of price
quotations solicited from a list of at least three suppliers
eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures
acceptable to the Bank.
Part D:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $1,000,000 or more the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Bank
prior to the making of the first payment out of the Special Account
in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Bank has authorized
withdrawals from the Loan Account on the basis of statements of
expenditure. Such contracts shall be retained in accordance with
Section 4.01 (a) (ii) of the Loan Agreement.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of para-
graph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist Maharashtra in carrying out the Project,
Maharashtra shall employ or cause to be employed by the Board,
consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms and
conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank. Such
consultants shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World
Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
Page  8
                            SCHEDULE 2
                      Implementation Program
1.    Maharashtra shall, not later than December 31 each year,
furnish to the Bank the annual revisions to the five-year revolving
capital investment and associated financing plan of the Board.
2.    Maharashtra shall: (i) establish a commission to review
institutional arrangements in the power sector in Maharashtra; and
(ii) not later than December 31, 1993, discuss the findings and
recommendations of said commission with the Bank.
3.    Maharashtra shall, jointly with the Bank, carry out a mid-term
review in the third year of the Project to assess overall progress
of the Project.
4.    Maharashtra shall ensure that, not later than March 1 each
year, the Board shall furnish to the Bank a work plan, including the
list of distribution lines and substations to be constructed under
the Project in the following year.
5.    Maharashtra shall cause the Board to implement, in carrying
out Part A of the Project, environmental mitigatory measures agreed
with the Bank, which shall include, inter alia, (i) the
implementation of a waste water treating and management scheme; (ii)
the installation of dust supression systems; (iii) the retrofitting
of the ash pond; and (iv) the acquisition and installation of air
monitoring equipment.
6.    Maharashtra shall, for the purpose of afforestation, make
arrangements to transfer to its Forest Department, land equivalent
to the forest land required and apportioned for the Project, and
shall ensure that the Board shall deposit with the appropriate
authorities an estimated amount sufficient for such afforestation.
