Page  1
                                 CREDIT NUMBER 2410 PAK
               PUNJAB Project Agreement
      (Fordwah Eastern Sadigia (South) Irrigation
                 and Drainage Project)
                        between
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                          and
                  PROVINCE OF PUNJAB
                 Dated October 1, 1992
                                 CREDIT NUMBER 2410 PAK
               PUNJAB PROJECT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated October 1, 1992, between
INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association)
and PROVINCE OF PUNJAB acting by its Governor (Punjab).
     WHEREAS by the Development Credit Agreement of even
date herewith between the Islamic Republic of Pakistan
(the Borrower) and the Association, the Association has
agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to thirty-nine million six
hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 39,600,000),
on the terms and conditions set forth in the Development
Credit Agreement, but only on condition that Punjab agree
to undertake such obligations toward the Association as
are set forth in this Agreement; and
     WHEREAS Punjab, in consideration of the
Association's entering into the Development Credit
Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
                      Definitions
     Section 1.01.  Unless the context otherwise
requires, the several terms defined in the Development
Credit Agreement, the Preamble to this Agreement and in
the General Conditions (as so defined) have the
respective meanings therein set forth.
                      ARTICLE II
Page  2
               Execution of the Project
     Section 2.01. (a) Punjab declares its commitment to
the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2
to the Development Credit Agreement, and, to this end,
shall carry out its activities under the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial, engineering and
irrigation, drainage and agricultural practices, and
shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as
needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for its activities under the Project.
     (b)  Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section and except as the
Association and Punjab shall otherwise agree, Punjab
shall carry out its activities under the Project in
accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in
Schedule 4 to the Development Credit Agreement.
     (c)  Punjab shall, for the purposes of its
activities under the Project, open and maintain in
dollars special deposit accounts, one each for PID and
PAD, in the National Bank of Pakistan, on terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Association, including
appropriate protection against set-off, seizure or
attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the PID
and PAD Special Accounts shall be made in accordance with
the provisions of Schedule 5 to the Development Credit
Agreement.
     Section 2.02.  Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods, works and
consultants' services required for Pun jab's activities
under the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of
Schedule 3 to the Development Credit Agreement.
     Section 2.03.  Punjab shall carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to
insurance, use of goods and services, plans and
schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project
Agreement and its activities under the Project.
     Section 2.04.  (a) Punjab shall, at the request of
the Association, exchange views with the Association with
regard to the progress of its activities under the
Project, the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement and other matters relating to the purposes of
the Credit.
     (b)  Punjab shall promptly inform the Association of
any condition which interferes or threatens to interfere
with the progress of its activities under the Project,
the accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit, or the
performance by Punjab of its obligations under this
Agreement.
     Section 2.05.  Punjab shall: (a) ensure that
supplies of water will at all times be adequate to
substantially meet the crop water requirements of the
Project Area; and (b) to that end, suitably modify the
operation of irrigation channels.
     Section 2.06.  Punjab shall take steps to ensure
that the renovation of watercourses in the Project Area
will be completed not later than June 30, 1995.
                      ARTICLE III
Page  3
             Financial and Other Covenants
     Section 3.01.  (a) Punjab shall maintain or cause to
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices the
operations, resources and expenditures of PID and PAD, in
respect of their activities under the Project.
     (b)  Punjab shall:
          (i)  have the records and accounts referred to
               in paragraph (a) of this Section
               including those for the PID and PAD
               Special Accounts for each fiscal year
               audited, in accordance with appropriate
               auditing principles consistently applied,
               by independent  auditors  acceptable  to
               the Association;
          (ii) furnish to the Association as soon as
               available, but in any case not later than
               nine months after the end of each such
               year the report of such audit by said
               auditors, of such scope and in such
               detail as the Association shall have
               reasonably requested; and
         (iii) furnish to the Association such
               other information concerning said
               records and accounts as well as the
               audit thereof, as the Association
               shall from time to time reasonably
               request.
     Section 3.02.  (a) Punjab shall make adequate
budgetary allocations for each fiscal year for the O & M
of its surface irrigation, fresh ground water tube well
and drainage facilities.
     (b)  To that end, Punjab and the Association shall,
not later than February 15 in each fiscal year beginning
with FY93, mutually agree on the adequate level of
funding required for such facilities for the next
following fiscal year.
     Section 3.03.  Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, Punjab shall, through water and/or
drainage charges:
          (i)  by July 1, 1993, achieve a recovery level
               of at least 35% of the annual O & M cost
               of its surface irrigation, fresh ground
               water tube well and drainage facilities;
          (ii) by July 1, 1994, achieve a recovery level
               of at least 45% of such cost;
         (iii) by July 1, 1995, achieve a recovery
               level of at least 55% of such cost;
          (iv) by July 1, 1996, achieve a recovery level
               of at least 70% of such cost;
          (v)  by July 1, 1997, achieve a recovery level
               of at least 90% of such cost; and
          (vi) by July 1, 1998, achieve and thereafter
               maintain a recovery level of 100% of such
               cost.
                      ARTICLE IV
Page  4
             Effective Date; Termination;
              Cancellation and Suspension
     Section 4.01.  This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Development Credit
Agreement becomes effective.
     Section 4.02.  (a) This Agreement and all
obligations of the Association and of Punjab thereunder
shall terminate on the earlier of the following two
dates:
          (i)  the date on which the Development Credit
               Agreement shall terminate in accordance
               with its terms; or
          (ii) the date twenty (20) years after the date
               of this Agreement.
     (b)  If the Development Credit Agreement terminates
in accordance with its terms before the date specified in
paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the Association shall
promptly notify Punjab of this event.
     Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions.
                       ARTICLE V
               Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 5.01.  Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing.  Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radio gram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request.  The addresses so
specified are:
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS                  197688 (TRT),
               Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA),
                                         64145 (WUI) or
                                         82987 (FTCC)
     For Punjab:
          The Chairman
          Planning and Development Board
          Government of Punjab
          Lahore, Pakistan
          Cable address:           Telex:
               DEVELOPMENT              82-04-4868
               Lahore                   Punjab Secretariat
               Pakistan                 Lahore, Pakistan
Page  5
     Section 5.02.  Any action required or permitted to
be taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of Punjab, or by
Punjab on behalf of the Borrower under the Development
Credit Agreement, may be taken or executed by the
Chairman, Planning and Development Board or such other
person or persons as the Chairman, Planning and
Development Board shall designate in writing, and the
Chairman Planning and Development Board shall furnish to
the Association sufficient evidence of the authority and
the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
     Section 5.03.  This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/ D. Joseph Wood
                                Regional Vice President
                                             South Asia
               PROVINCE OF PUNJAB
               By /s/ Arshad Farooq
                              Authorized Representative
