Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2410 PAK
            (Fordwah Eastern Sadiqia (South) Irrigation
                       and Drainage Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                               and
         WATER AND POWER DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY OF PAKISTAN
                       Dated October 1, 1992
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2410 PAK
                      WAPDA PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated October 1, 1992, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and WATER AND POWER
DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY OF PAKISTAN (WAPDA).
      WHEREAS by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between the Islamic Republic of Pakistan (the Borrower) and
the Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to thirty-nine
million six hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR
39,600,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition that WAPDA agree
to undertake such obligations toward the Association as are set
forth in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS WAPDA, in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so
defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) WAPDA declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out its
activities under the Project with due diligence and efficiency and
in conformity with appropriate administrative, financial,
engineering and irrigation and drainage practices, and shall
provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for its activities
under the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Association and WAPDA shall
otherwise agree, WAPDA shall carry out its activities under the
Project in accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in
Schedule 4 to the Development Credit Agreement.
      (c)   WAPDA shall, for the purposes of its activities under
the Project, open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account
in the National Bank of Pakistan, on terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Association, including appropriate protection
against set-off, seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments
out of, the WAPDA Special Account shall be made in accordance with
the provisions of Schedule 5 to the Development Credit Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for WAPDA's activities under the Project and to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of
Schedule 3 to the Development Credit Agreement.
      Section 2.03. WAPDA shall carry out the obligations set forth
in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement and
its activities under the Project.
      Section 2.04. (a) WAPDA shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of its activities under the Project, the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement, and other matters relating to the
purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   WAPDA shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of its activities under the Project, the accomplishment of
the purposes of the Credit, or the performance by WAPDA of its
obligations under this Agreement.
      Section 2.05. WAPDA shall take steps, satisfactory to the
Association, to ensure that on-going surface drainage works in the
Project Area will be completed on a timely basis and in coordination
with the works to be carried out under Part B of the Project.
                              ARTICLE III
Page  3
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) WAPDA shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition in respect of its activities
under the Project.
      (b)   WAPDA shall:
            (i)   have said records and accounts and those for the
                  WAPDA Special Account for each fiscal year
                  audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                  principles consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
            (ii)  furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than nine months after
                  the end of each such year, the report of such
                  audit by said auditors, of such scope and in such
                  detail as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
            (iii) furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts as well as
                  the audit thereof, as the Association shall from
                  time to time reasonably request.
                            ARTICLE IV
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 4.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of WAPDA thereunder shall terminate on the earlier
of the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                  Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
                  terms; or
            (ii)  the date twenty (20) years after the date of this
                  Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify WAPDA of
this event.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                             ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
Page  4
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA),
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      For WAPDA:
            Water and Power Development Authority
            WAPDA House
            Lahore, Pakistan
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  WAPDA                     44869
                  Lahore                   WAPDA PK
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of WAPDA, or by WAPDA on behalf of the Borrower
under the Development Credit Agreement, may be taken or executed by
the Chairman or such other person or persons as the Chairman shall
designate in writing, and the Chairman shall furnish to the
Association sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ D. Joseph Wood
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                        South Asia
                  WATER AND POWER DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY
                    OF PAKISTAN
                  By /s/ Arshad Farooq
                                         Authorized Representative
