Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2410 PAK
            (Fordwah Eastern Sadiqia (South) Irrigation
                       and Drainage Project)
                              between
                   ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF PAKISTAN
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                       Dated October 1, 1992
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2410 PAK
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated October 1, 1992, between  ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF
PAKISTAN acting by its President (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Project will be carried out by the Water and Power
Development Authority of Pakistan (WAPDA) and the Province of Punjab
(Punjab) with the Borrower's assistance and, as part of such
assistance, the Borrower will make available to WAPDA and Punjab the
proceeds of the Credit as provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
Page  2
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Project
Agreements of even date herewith between the Association and WAPDA
and Punjab, respectively;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1,
1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "WAPDA" means the Borrower's Water and Power Development
Authority established and existing under the WAPDA Act;
      (b)   "Punjab" means the Province of Punjab, a political
subdivision of the Borrower, or any successor thereto;
      (c)   "WAPDA Project Agreement" means the agreement between
the Association and WAPDA of even date herewith, as the same may be
amended from time to time, and such term includes all schedules and
agreements supplemental to the WAPDA Project Agreement;
      (d)   "Punjab Project Agreement" means the agreement between
the Association and Punjab of even date herewith, as the same may be
amended from time to time, and such term includes all schedules and
agreements supplemental to the Punjab Project Agreement;
      (e)   "WAPDA Act" means the Borrower's Water and Power
Development Authority Act of 1958, as amended from time to time, and
all regulations framed thereunder;
      (f)   "Special Accounts" mean collectively the accounts
referred to in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement and more fully
defined in paragraphs (g) through (i) of this Section, and "Special
Account" means each and any such account;
      (g)   "WAPDA Special Account" means the Special Account which
WAPDA shall open and maintain pursuant to Section 2.02 (b) of this
Agreement and Section 2.01 (c) of the WAPDA Project Agreement;
      (h)   "PID Special Account" means the Special Account which
PID shall open and maintain pursuant to Section 2.02 (b) of this
Agreement and Section 2.01 (c) of the Punjab Project Agreement;
      (i)   "PAD Special Account" means the Special Account which
PAD shall open and maintain pursuant to Section 2.02 (b) of this
Agreement and Section 2.01 (c) of the Punjab Project Agreement;
      (j)   "Project Area" means parts of the Bahawalnagar,
Haroonabad and Chistian tehsils of the Bahawalnagar District of
Punjab where the Project is to be carried out;
      (k)   "PDD" means WAPDA's Project Director (Drainage) referred
to in paragraph 2 (b) of Schedule 4 to this Agreement;
      (l)   "PDW" means WAPDA's Project Director Planning (Water)
Central;
      (m)   "SMO" means WAPDA's Salinity Control and Reclamation
Projects Monitoring Organization;
      (n)   "P&I" means WAPDA's Planning and Investigation
Page  3
Organization;
      (o)   "WMED" means WAPDA's Water Course Monitoring and
Evaluation Direcorate;
      (p)   "IWASRI" means WAPDA's International Waterlogging and
Salinity Research Institute;
      (q)   "PID" means the Punjab Irrigation Department;
      (r)   "PIU" means PID's Project Implementation Unit referred
to in paragraph 3 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement;
      (s)   "PDL" means PID's Project Director (Lining) referred to
in paragraph 3 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement;
      (t)   "PAD" means the Punjab Agriculture Department;
      (u)   "DGOFWM" means PAD's Directorate General of On-farm
Water Management;
      (v)   "OFWMPC" means DGOFWM's Project Coordinator referred to
in paragraph 4 (a) (ii) of Schedule 4 to this Agreement;
      (w)   "OFWM" means On-farm Water Management;
      (x)   "WUA" means a water users' association;
      (y)   "DGAE" means PAD's Directorate General of Agricultural
Extension;
      (z)   "DDA" means DGAE's Deputy Director Agriculture;
      (aa)  "DCWM" means PAD's Directorate of Command Water
Management;
      (bb)  "PCC" means the Project Coordination Committee referred
to in paragraph 6 (a) of Schedule 4 to this Agreement;
      (cc)  "PC" means the Policy Committee referred to in paragraph
7 (a) of Schedule 4 to this Agreement;
      (dd)  "M&E" means monitoring and evaluation;
      (ee)  "O&M" means operation and maintenance;
      (ff)  "warabandi" means the weekly rotational schedule of
irrigation water deliveries to farmers;
      (gg)  "ECNEC" means the Executive Committee of the Borrower's
National Economic Council;
      (hh)  "Rs" and "rupees" mean the Borrower's currency; and
      (ii)  "Fiscal Year" or "FY" means the Borrower's fiscal year
covering the period July 1 through June 30.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to thirty-nine million six hundred thousand Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 39,600,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project and to be
Page  4
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of their respective
Parts of the Project, cause WAPDA, and through Punjab, PID and PAD
to open and maintain in dollars special deposit accounts in the
National Bank of Pakistan on terms and conditions satisfactory to
the Association, including appropriate protection against set-off,
seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Accounts shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1999 or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next date in that year specified in
Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on June 1 and December 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each June 1 and December 1 commencing
December 1, 2002 and ending June 1, 2027. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on June 1, 2012 shall be one and
one-fourth percent (1-1/4%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two and one-half percent (2-1/2%) of
such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
Page  5
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 2.09. The Chairman WAPDA, the Secretary, PID and the
Secretary PAD are designated as representatives of the Borrower for
the purposes of taking any action required or permitted to be taken
under the provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Article
V of the General Conditions in respect of the parts of the Project
for which they are respectively responsible.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, without any limitation or restriction
upon any of its other obligations under the Development Credit
Agreement, shall cause WAPDA and Punjab to perform in accordance
with the provisions of the Project Agreements all the obligations of
WAPDA and Punjab therein set forth, shall take and cause to be taken
all action, including the provision of funds, facilities, services
and other resources, necessary or appropriate to enable WAPDA and
Punjab to perform such obligations, and shall not take or permit to
be taken any action which would prevent or interfere with such
performance.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Borrower and the Association shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall cause WAPDA and Punjab to carry
out their activities under the Project in accordance with the
Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The Borrower shall out of the proceeds of the Credit
make available:
            (i)   to WAPDA, an amount equivalent to about
                  SDR 25,690,000 for the purposes of WAPDA's
                  activities under the Project; and
           (ii)   to Punjab, an amount equivalent to about
                  SDR 13,910,000 for the purposes of Punjab's
                  activities under the Project.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower and the Association hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively):
      (a)   in respect of the activities of WAPDA under the Project,
shall be carried out by WAPDA pursuant to Section 2.03 of the WAPDA
Project Agreement; and
      (b)   in respect of the activities of Punjab under the
Project, shall be carried out by Punjab pursuant to Section 2.03 of
Page  6
the Punjab Project Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the basis of
statements of expenditures, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained in accordance
                  with sound accounting practices, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
            (ii)  ensure that all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures are retained until
                  at least one year after the Association has
                  received the audit report for the fiscal year in
                  which the last withdrawal from the Credit Account
                  was made; and
            (iii) enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) (i) of this Section for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the
                  Association;
            (ii)  furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than nine months after
                  the end of each such year the report of such
                  audit by said auditors, of such scope and in such
                  detail as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested, including a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals;
                  and
            (iii) furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts and the
                  audit thereof as the Association shall from time
                  to time reasonably request.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   WAPDA or Punjab shall have failed to perform any of its
obligations under the relevant Project Agreement.
      (b)   As a result of events which have occurred after the date
of the Development Credit Agreement, an extraordinary situation
shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that WAPDA or
Punjab will be able to perform its obligations under the relevant
Project Agreement.
      (c)   The WAPDA Act shall have been amended, suspended,
abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially and
adversely the ability of WAPDA to perform any of its obligations
under the WAPDA Project Agreement.
Page  7
      (d)   The Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment
of WAPDA or for the suspension of its operations.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   the event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 5.01 of
this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of sixty
days after notice thereof shall have been given by the Association
to the Borrower; and
      (b)   the events specified in paragraphs (c) and (d) of
Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   ECNEC has approved the PC-1 documents with respect to
the Project;
      (b)   PDD and PDL, along with their associate staff referred
to in paragraphs 2 (b) and 3 (a), respectively, of Schedule 4 to
this Agreement have been appointed; and
      (c)   WAPDA, PID and PAD have completed the evaluation of
proposals received for the services of the consultants required for
the purposes of the Project and to be engaged pursuant to the
provisions of Section II of Schedule 3 to this Agreement, and have
furnished the evaluation reports to the Association for its review
and concurrence.
      Section 6.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association:
      (a)   that the WAPDA Project Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by WAPDA and is legally binding upon WAPDA in
accordance with its terms; and
      (b)   that the Punjab Project Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by Punjab, and is legally binding upon Punjab
in accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
      Section 6.04. The obligations of the Borrower under the
provisions of paragraphs (a) and (b) of Section 5.02 of this
Agreement shall cease and determine on the date on which the
Development Credit Agreement shall terminate or on the date twenty
(20) years after the date of this Agreement, whichever shall be the
earlier.
                            ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 of this
Agreement, the Secretary to the Government of Pakistan, Economic
Affairs Division, or any Additional Secretary, Joint Secretary,
Deputy Secretary or Section Officer in that Division of the Borrower
is designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Page  8
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Economic Affairs Division
            Islamabad
            Pakistan
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  ECONOMIC                  ECDIV-05-634
                  Islamabad
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                    197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF PAKISTAN
                  By /s/ Arshad Farooq
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ D. Joseph Wood
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                        South Asia
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                           Amount of the
                         Credit Allocated           % of
                           (Expressed in         Expenditures
        Category          SDR Equivalent)       to be Financed
(1) Civil works for:                            75%
    (a)  WAPDA                15,390,000
Page  9
    (b)  PID                   7,870,000
    (c)  PAD (other than         150,000
         for Part D
         of the Project)
(2) Equipment and vehicles                      100% of foreign
    for:                                        expenditures,
                                                100% of local
    (a)  WAPDA                   300,000        expenditures
                                                (ex-factory
    (b)  PID                     100,000        cost) and 60%
                                                of local
    (c)  PAD                     120,000        expenditures
                                                for other items
                                                procured locally
(3) Consultants'                                80%
    services for:
                           Amount of the
                         Credit Allocated            % of
                           (Expressed in         Expenditures
        Category          SDR Equivalent)       to be Financed
    (a)  WAPDA                 2,490,000
    (b)  PID                     600,000
    (c)  PAD                      60,000
(4) Incremental                                 90% of expendi-
    staff salaries                              tures for incre-
    and operating                               mental staff
    expenditures and                            salaries and
    training for:                               operating expen-
                                                ditures and 100%
                                                of expenditures
                                                for training
    (a)  WAPDA                 3,210,000
    (b)  PID                     500,000
    (c)  PAD                     800,000
(5) Unallocated for:
    (a)  WAPDA                 4,300,000
    (b)  PID                   3,580,000
    (c)  PAD                     130,000
                             ___________
         TOTAL                39,600,000
                             ===========
2.  For the purposes of this Schedule:
    (a)  the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for goods or
services supplied from the territory of any country other than that
of the Borrower;
    (b)  the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower; and
Page  10
    (c)  the term "incremental staff salaries and operating
expenditures" means the salaries, allowances and other emoluments
of, and the transportation, utilities and office costs associated
with, the additional staff recruited or reassigned for carrying out
the Project.
3.  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
    The objectives of the Project are to assist in achieving
sustained increases in agricultural production, employment and
income in the Project Areas through the removal of the existing
severe water supply and non-water input constraints, and, to that
end, to: (a) introduce a more efficient water supply system which
would reduce losses through seepage, reduce the expense and
environmentally harmful effects of providing a sub-surface drainage
system, and increase the equitable distribution of water among
users; (b) provide agricultural extension and applied research
services so as to facilitate improved water and non-water input
management; and (c) improve the institutional capacity to plan,
implement, operate and maintain projects in the sector.
    The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:  Subsurface Drainage Development
    Provision of a horizontal pipe subsurface drainage system
through the installation of tiled interceptor drains with pumps,
automatic pump monitoring devices, a power line carrier and a power
transmission grid.
Part B:  Surface Drainage Development
    Improvement of the surface drainage system through the
construction of open, unlined surface drains and evaporation ponds
inter-connected by small channels and equipped with additional
dikes.
Part C:  Canal System Improvement
    Improvement of the canal system through the lining of minors and
distributaries, remodelling of moghas (outlet structures),
improvement of canal structures and provision of control structures.
Part D:  On-Farm Water Management
    Renovation of about 340 watercourses including the carrying out
of precision land-levelling and establishment of demonstration
centers.
Part E:  Field Trials and Monitoring of Land Water Conditions
1.  Carrying out of field trials at about 6 selected sites to test
subsurface drainage parameters and synthetic fabric envelopes
leading to the development of a database and information system and
simulated models.
2.  Monitoring of land and water conditions to test the effects of
water conservation measures (lining and interceptor drains) and
surface drainage.
3.  Assessment of fresh groundwater potential.
Part F:  Irrigation and Drainage Research
Page  11
    Carrying out of research with a view to:
    (1)  evaluating the impact of water-logging and salinity on crop
         production;
    (2)  introducing improved technology for enhancing the
         institutional capacity for planning and monitoring;
    (3)  assessing the performance of different types of canal
         lining;
    (4)  improving integrated irrigated agriculture management so as
         to match irrigation water supply to crop water demand; and
    (5)  improving agricultural extension services.
Part G:  Technical Assistance and Training
1.  Preparation of future projects.
2.  Provision of short-term training, both local (through visiting
experts) and overseas, to (a) WAPDA and (b) PID staff in modern
construction techniques, and project planning and management.
                               * * *
    The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1998.
                            SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part D hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2     Bidders for the works included in the Project shall be pre-
qualified as described in paragraph 2.10 of the Guidelines.
3.    To the extent practicable, contracts for civil works shall be
grouped in bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of (a)
$10,000,000 or more each in the case of interceptor drains and canal
lining, and (b) $3,000,000 or more each in the case of surface
drains.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in Pakistan may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Preference for Domestic Contractors
      In the procurement of works in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, a margin of preference may be granted
to domestic contractors in accordance with, and subject to, the
provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraph 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Installation of a network for monitoring land and water
conditions and minor works related to irrigation and drainage
Page  12
research, estimated to cost up to an aggregate amount not to exceed
the equivalent of $340,000, may be carried out on a force account
basis in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraph 3.6 of the Guidelines.
2.    Construction of surface drains, estimated to cost less than
the equivalent of $200,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount
not to exceed the equivalent of $1,500,000, and office, survey, flow
measuring and other equipment, estimated to cost less than the
equivalent of $50,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount not to
exceed the equivalent of $620,000, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
Part E:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of pre-qualification:
      With respect to the pre-qualification of bidders as provided
in Part A.2 hereof, the procedures set forth in paragraph 1 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
2.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for works estimated to
cost the equivalent of $200,000 or more, each contract for vehicles
estimated to cost the equivalent of $100,000 or more and each
contract for equipment estimated to cost the equivalent of $20,000
or more, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix
1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract
are to be made out of a Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract
required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Association prior to the
making of the first payment out of the Special Account in respect of
such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of a Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
3.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist WAPDA, PID and PAD in carrying out the
Project, WAPDA, PID and PAD shall respectively employ design and
supervisory consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms
and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Association. Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association on the
basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank
Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published by
the Bank in August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                      Implementation Program
Page  13
A.    Project Implementation
1.    Implementing Agencies
      Responsibility for Project implementation shall be assigned:
      (a)   for Parts A, B, E, F(1), (2) and (3), G.1 and G.2(a) of
the Project, to WAPDA;
      (b)   for Parts C and G.2(b) of the Project, to PID; and
      (c)   for Parts D and F (4) and (5) of the Project, to PAD.
2.    Water and Power Development Authority (WAPDA)
      (a)   Specifically, WAPDA shall assign responsibility for:
            (i)   Parts A, B and G.2(a) of the Project, to the
                  Project Director (Drainage) (PDD) referred to in
                  sub-paragraph (b) of this paragraph;
           (ii)   Parts E.1 and G.1 of the Project, to WAPDA's
                  Project Director Planning (Water) Central (PDW),
                  who shall, in turn, assign to IWASRI
                  responsibility for research and monitoring, data
                  analysis and preparation of reports, operation
                  and maintenance of vehicles, and supply of some
                  equipment needed for field trials, under
                  arrangements satisfactory to the Association;
          (iii)   Parts E.2 and E.3 of the Project, to SMO under
                  arrangements satisfactory to the Association;
          (iv)    Parts F(1) and (2) of the Project, to P&I, under
                  arrangements satisfactory to the Association; and
           (v)    Part F(3) of the Project, to IWASRI, under
                  arrangements satisfactory to the Association.
      (b)   WAPDA shall appoint a Project Director (Drainage) (PDD),
            who shall be assisted by four executive engineers and support staff,
            and who shall have specific responsibility:
            (i)   in respect of Parts A and B of the Project, for
                  carrying out condition surveys of channels to be
                  provided with interceptor drains; assisting in
                  recruiting consultants, reviewing detailed
                  designs and tender documents, and awarding and
                  administering construction contracts; and
                  monitoring the impact of interceptor drains;
           (ii)   in respect of Part G.1 of the Project, for
                  assisting in recruiting consultants, in
                  consultation with PDW; and
          (iii)   in respect of the parts of the Project for which
                  WAPDA is responsible as a whole, for coordinating
                  and consolidating work plans and progress report
                  for submission to the PCC and the Association;
                  maintaining project accounts (including the WAPDA
                  Special Account); preparing withdrawal
                  applications; and arranging timely submission of
                  accounts to the Director General Audit WAPDA.
3.    Punjab Irrigation Department (PID)
      (a)   PID shall, for the purposes of the parts of the Project
for which it is responsible, establish at Lahore, not later than
December 31, 1992, a Project Implementation Unit (PIU), headed by
the Chief Engineer Coordination and shall assign in the Project Area
a Project Director (Lining) (PDL) assisted by two executive
Page  14
engineers, three sub-divisional officers, nine sub-engineers and
support staff.
      (b)   The PIU shall be responsible, inter alia, for: (i)
appointing consultants for canal lining; (ii) carrying out condition
surveys of channels to be lined; (iii) reviewing detailed designs
and tender documents; (iv) awarding and administering construction
contracts; (v) coordinating with OFWM field teams on mogha (outlet
structure) and watercourse designs and equity of water deliveries;
(vi) collaborating with the DCWM on research matters; (vii)
preparing and submitting annual work plans and quarterly progress
reports to PDD for consolidation; (viii) monitoring canal lining
impact; and (ix) maintaining project accounts (including the PID
Special Account), preparing withdrawal applications, and submitting
accounts on a timely basis to the Director General Audit Punjab.
4.    Punjab Agriculture Department (PAD)
      (a)   Directorate General of On-Farm Water Management (DGOFWM)
            (i)   PAD shall assign specific responsibility for
                  carrying out Part D.1 of the Project to DGOFWM.
           (ii)   To that end, DGOFWM shall, not later than
                  December 31, 1992, appoint a Project Coordinator
                  (OFWMPC), and assign four engineering and four
                  irrigation agronomy field teams to the Project
                  Area.
          (iii)   The OFWMPC shall be responsible, inter alia, for
                  recruitment of consultants and procurement of
                  equipment and vehicles.
           (iv)   The OFWM engineering field teams, which shall be
                  under the supervision of DGOFWM's Director Field,
                  shall be responsible for the planning, design and
                  construction of all OFWM improvements, including
                  engineering assistance to WUAs and work on
                  individual farms.
            (v)   The OFWM irrigation agronomy field teams, which
                  shall be under the supervision of DGOFWM's
                  Director of Irrigation Agronomy, shall be
                  responsible, inter alia, for: (aa)
                  preorganization orientation of prospective farmer
                  groups interested in OFWM improvements; (bb)
                  organization and registration of WUAs; (cc)
                  assistance and counselling to WUAs in their
                  operations and in their liaison with the OFWM
                  engineering field teams; (dd)assistance in the
                  establishment and operation of demonstration
                  centers; (ee) guidance to WUA members in the
                  adoption of efficient irrigation techniques and
                  in the best use of saved water; and (ff) liaison
                  with extension staff to encourage and facilitate
                  their participation in activities relating to
                  demonstration centers, operation of WUAs and
                  provision of non-water inputs and services to
                  individual farmers.
(b)   Directorate General of Agricultural Extension (DGAE)
            (i)   PAD shall assign specific responsibility for
                  carrying out Part F(5) of the Project to DGAE.
           (ii)   The DDA Bahawalnagar (DDA) shall be given charge
                  of activities under Part F(5) of the Project and
                  shall, for this purpose, be assisted by the
                  extension staff posted in the Project Area.
          (iii)   Specifically, the DDA shall be responsible, inter
                  alia, for: (aa) maintaining liaison with on-going
Page  15
                  extension projects to ensure that diagnostic
                  surveys and area-specific on-farm research are
                  carried out and appropriate extension messages
                  are developed for the Project Area; (bb)
                  procuring equipment and vehicles; (cc) preparing
                  video tapes of extension messages, in
                  collaboration with the Directorate General
                  Agricultural Information (DGAI) and the OFWM
                  Training Institute on water management on the
                  farm, and with IWASRI, P&I and SMO on
                  waterlogging and salinity and drainage; (dd)
                  arranging audiovisual shows in selected villages
                  and at demonstration centers in coordination with
                  the Senior Subject Matter Specialist Vehari and
                  the responsible OFWM irrigation agronomy field
                  term/s; and (ee) collaborating with P&I, DGOFWM,
                  DCWM and PID staff in encouraging farmers to
                  improve water management, maintain equity in
                  water deliveries after canal lining and outlet
                  remodelling, apply water according to crop needs,
                  and participate in seed multiplication programs.
(c)   Directorate of Command Water Management (DCWM)
            (i)   PAD shall assign specific responsibility for
                  carrying out Part F(4) of the Project to DCWM.
            (ii)  To that end, DCWM shall, not later than December
                  31, 1992, assign two interdisciplinary teams to
                  the Project Area, each headed by a Manager, who
                  shall be an agricultural economist, and including
                  a social organizer, an engineer, an agronomist
                  and a hydrologist.
          (iii)   Specifically, DCWM shall be responsible, inter
                  alia, for: (aa) organizing and training farmer
                  groups, including federations of WUAs; (bb)
                  carrying out diagnostic surveys and analyses;
                  (cc) reviewing legislation and the warabandi
                  laws, and formulating amendments or new legal
                  instruments to formalize farmer institutions and
                  define their role in O&M; (dd) exploring
                  appropriate substitutes for warabandi and                  
alternative arrangements for assessing and
                  collecting water charges; (ee) carrying out
                  research, and preparing designs of canals,
                  structures and watercourse works, and operational
                  plans, for a demand-based irrigation system, in
                  collaboration with PID, DGOFWM and farmer groups;
                  (ff) supervising construction of such system and
                  overseeing and facilitating its operation; (gg)
                  awarding and administering contracts for farmer
                  community centers and seed storage facilities;
                  (hh) training farmers in assuming O&M
                  responsibilities; (ii) advising farmers on
                  conjunctive use of ground and surface water and
                  organizing farmer groups for joint utilization of
                  water from, and O&M of, interceptor drain sumps;
                  (jj) promoting farmer seed multiplication
                  programs and helping farmers obtain basic seed
                  from the Punjab Seed Corporation (PSC) and
                  research and extension farms; and (kk) arranging
                  for large scale demonstrations (full watercourse
                  trials) to facilitate transfer of technology and
                  introduction of improved water management and
                  cultural practices.
5.    Terms of Reference. (a) A consolidated terms of reference and
work program, defining the precise responsibilities of each agency
(including inter- and intra-agency agreements) and detailed scope of
work for all Project implementing agencies shall be furnished to the
Association for its concurrence not later than March 31, 1993.
Page  16
      (b)   Such work program shall thereafter be updated annually
and furnished to the Association, for its review and comment, not
later than March 31 in each year.
B.    Project Coordination
6.    Project Coordination Committee (PCC)
      (a)   At the project level, the existing Project Coordination
Committee (PCC), established under the on-going Association-financed
Fourth Drainage Project (Credit 1375 PAK), shall be responsible for
coordinating the activities of the various Project implementing
agencies.
      (b)   The PCC shall be chaired by the General Manager (Water)
Central, WAPDA, and shall include as members: (i) from WAPDA, the
Chief Engineer, Rahim Yar Khan, the PDD, the PDW, the Chief Engineer
P&I, the Chief Engineer SMO, and the Director General IWASRI; (ii)
from PID, the Chief Engineer Coordination and the PDL; (iii) from
PAD, the Director Field, the Area Coordinator OFWM, the DDA
Bahawalnagar and the Director CWM. The PDD shall be the PCC's
secretary. The PCC shall meet quarterly and more often if so
required. Representatives of farmers and the district administration
shall be invited to attend the PCC meetings as required.
      (c)   The PCC shall be responsible, inter alia, for: (i)
monitoring progress and coordinating the scheduling of various
Project components; (ii) consolidating and reviewing work plans and
progress reports for submission to the Association; (iii) making
appropriate recommendations to the Government of Punjab and WAPDA
regarding budgetary allocations and other matters; and (iv)
reviewing the status of compliance with various Project covenants,
taking appropriate action to resolve issues and reporting unresolved
issues to the Policy Committee (PC).
7.    Policy Committee (PC)
      (a)   At the provincial level, the existing Policy Committee
(PC) shall provide policy guidance and inter-agency coordination for
the Project at the highest level.
      (b)   The PC shall be chaired by the Chairman, Planning and
Development Board of Punjab and shall include, as members: (i) the
Punjab Secretaries of Irrigation and Power, Agriculture and Finance;
and (ii) the General Manager (Water) Central, WAPDA together with
PDW. The PDD shall be the PC's secretary. The PC shall meet whenever
issues requiring resolution are submitted for its consideration.
      (c)   The PC shall be responsible, inter alia, for: (i)
resolving issues not settled by the PCC; (ii) ensuring adequate
budgetary allocations for Project implementation as well as O&M; and
(iii) formulating and implementing policies to enhance beneficiary
participation and recovery of O&M and investment costs.
C.    Civil Works Specifications
8.    In carrying out the civil works under the Project, WAPDA, PID
and PAD shall use, or cause to be used, designs, specifications and
quality control measures satisfactory to the Association.
D.    Integrated Irrigation Agriculture Management Proposals
9.    In carrying out Part F (4) of the Project, Punjab shall, under
terms of reference satisfactory to the Association, prepare and
furnish to the Association for its review not later than September
30, 1993, a draft report containing (a) proposals for formalizing
farmer institutions, and (b) the detailed design of a demand-based
irrigation scheduling system.
E.    Project Monitoring and Evaluation (M&E)
Page  17
10.   Internal Monitoring
      (a)   The Project implementing agencies shall themselves be
responsible for: (i) collecting and reviewing information on the
physical and financial progress and the impact of their respective
Project components; and (ii) reporting on these quarterly to the PCC
and the PC.
      (b)   The Project implementing agencies shall, jointly with
the Association and in accordance with terms of reference acceptable
to the Association, carry out, not later than March 31, 1995, a mid-
term review of their respective Project activities and make such
adjustments in such activities and the related organizational and
operational arrangements as may be warranted in light of the
conclusions of such review.
11.   External M&E
      (a)   Responsibility for external M&E of Project activities
shall be assigned to SMO acting in collaboration with WMED and
IWASRI. To this end, SMO shall, enter into suitable arrangements
with WMED and IWASRI, satisfactory to the Association.
      (b)   SMO shall provide overall coordination and shall have
specific responsibility for monitoring: (i) physical features such
as ground water elevations and quality, water quality in interceptor
and surface drains, soil salinity, and fresh groundwater pockets;
and (ii) the evaporation ponds and adjacent areas, including water
quality and build-up of toxic minerals, vectors such as mosquitos
and the impact of the water table on agricultural land surrounding
the ponds.
      (c)   WMED shall have specific responsibility for M&E of agro-
economic activity under the Project. To that end, WMED shall
supplement the existing baseline information as appropriate and
develop indicators to (i) determine the rate of input utilization,
and (ii) monitor outputs. WMED shall assess and document changes in
such indicators every six months and report them to the Project
implementing agencies so as to enable them to make appropriate
adjustments in the design or scheduling of project components and
improve delivery of services.
12.   M&E Program. An overall M&E program defining the precise
responsibilites of the various agencies involved (including the
necessary inter- and intra-agency arrangements) and their detailed
scope of work, shall be furnished to the Association for its
concurrence not later than December 31, 1992.
F.    Project Operation and Maintenance (O&M)
13.   Interceptor and Surface Drains. WAPDA shall be responsible for
the O&M of the interceptor and surface drains included in the
Project for two years after completion of the Project works.
Thereafter, if their overall performance is satisfactory, such works
shall be transferred to PID which shall then become responsible for
their O&M.
14.   Irrigation Channels. PID shall be responsible for the O&M of
the irrigation facilities included in the Project.
15.   Equipment and Vehicles
      The Project implementing agencies to whom equipment and
vehicles are assigned under the Project shall be respectively
responsible for their O&M.
                            SCHEDULE 5
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
Page  18
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1),
(2), (3) and (4) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1
to this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means, in respect of
WAPDA, an amount equivalent to $2,000,000 to be withdrawn from the
Credit Account and deposited into the WAPDA Special Account; in
respect of PID, an amount equivalent to $1,000,000 to be withdrawn
from the Credit Account and deposited into the PID Special Account;
and in respect of PAD, an amount equivalent to $150,000 to be
withdrawn from the Credit Account and deposited into the PAD Special
Account, all pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Accounts shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that a Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
relevant Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to
replenish the Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, WAPDA, PID
or PAD, as the case may be, shall furnish to the Association a
request or requests for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed
the aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of
such request or requests, the Association shall, on behalf of WAPDA,
PID or PAD, as the case may be, withdraw from the Credit Account and
deposit in the Special Account such amount or amounts as WAPDA, PID
or PAD, as the case may be, shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, WAPDA,
                  PID or PAD, as the case may be, shall furnish to
                  the Association requests for deposits into the
                  Special Account at such intervals as the
                  Association shall specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                  WAPDA, PID or PAD, as the case may be, shall
                  furnish to the Association the documents and
                  other evidence required pursuant to paragraph 4
                  of this Schedule for the payment or payments in
                  respect of which replenishment is requested. On
                  the basis of each such request, the Association
                  shall, on behalf of WAPDA, PID or PAD, as the
                  case may be, withdraw from the Credit Account and
                  deposit into the Special Account such amount as
                  WAPDA, PID or PAD, as the case may be, shall have
                  requested and as shall have been shown by said
                  documents and other evidence to have been paid
                  out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by WAPDA, PID or PAD, as the case may
be, out of a Special Account, WAPDA, PID or PAD, as the case may be,
shall, at such time as the Association shall reasonably request,
furnish to the Association such documents and other evidence showing
that such payment was made exclusively for eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Page  19
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into a Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by WAPDA, PID or PAD, as
the case may be, directly from the Credit Account in accordance with
the provisions of Article V of the General Conditions and paragraph
(a) of Section 2.02 of this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories for activities under the
Project for which WAPDA, PID or PAD, as the case may be, is
responsible less the amount of any outstanding special commitment
entered into by the Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the
General Conditions with respect to such activities under the
Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories for such activities under the Project shall follow such
procedures as the Association shall specify by notice to WAPDA, PID
or PAD, as the case may be. Such further withdrawals shall be made
only after and to the extent that the Association shall have been
satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in such Special
Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in making
payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of a Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, WAPDA, PID or PAD, as the case may be, shall,
promptly upon notice from the Association: (A) provide such
additional evidence as the Association may request; or (B) deposit
into the Special Account (or, if the Association shall so request,
refund to the Association) an amount equal to the amount of such
payment or the portion thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless
the Association shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the
Association into the Special Account shall be made until WAPDA, PID
or PAD, as the case may be, has provided such evidence or made such
deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, WAPDA,
PID or PAD, as the case may be, shall, promptly upon notice from the
Association, refund to the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   WAPDA, PID or PAD, as the case may be, may, upon notice
to the Association, refund to the Association all or any portion of
the funds on deposit in the Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
