Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                   CREDIT NUMBER 2396 MAI
                                                   (Amendment)
                            Agreement Amending
                       Development Credit Agreement
                 (Entrepreneurship Development and Drought
                             Recovery Program)
                                  between
                            REPUBLIC OF MALAWI
                                    and
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                          Dated February 9, 1993
                                                   CREDIT NUMBER 2396 MAI
                                                   (Amendment)
                            AGREEMENT AMENDING
                       DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated February 9, 1993, between REPUBLIC OF
MALAWI (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower and the Association have entered
into a Development Credit Agreement (Entrepreneurship
Development and Drought Recovery Program), dated July 2, 1992
(the Development Credit Agreement) for the purpose of assisting
in the financing of the program referred to in Recital (A) of
the Preamble to the Development Credit Agreement (the Program);
      (B)   the Borrower has requested the Association to provide
additional assistance towards the financing of the Program by
increasing the amount made available under the Development
Credit Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing, to provide such additional assistance
to the Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                       Amendments of the Development
                             Credit Agreement
      Section 1.01. Section 1.02 of the Development Credit
Agree-ment is amended by the deletion of the word "and" at the
end of  Subsection (b), substituting "; and" for "." at the end
of Subsection (c) and adding a new Subsection (d) as follows:
            "(d)  "Amending Agreement" means the Agreement Amend-
      ing the Development Credit Agreement (Entrepreneurship
      Development and Drought Recovery Program) between the Bor-
      rower and the Association, dated February 9, 1993;".
      Section 1.02. Section 2.01 of the Development Credit
Agreement is amended to read as follows:
            "Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
      Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
      referred to in the Development Credit Agreement, an amount
      in various currencies equivalent to eighty-nine million
      six hundred ninety thousand Special Drawing Rights
      (SDR 89,690,000) (the Credit), which includes an
      additional amount in various currencies equivalent to four
      million two hundred ninety thousand Special Drawing Rights
      (SDR 4,290,000) (the Additional Financing)."
      Section 1.03. A proviso is added at the end of Section
2.04 (b) of the Development Credit Agreement reading as
follows:
            "; provided, however, that any commitment charge on
      the Additional Financing shall accrue from a day sixty
      (60) days after the date of the Amending Agreement."
      Section 1.04. (a) The amount of the Credit allocated to
Category (1) (b) in the table set forth in paragraph 1 of
Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement is increased
from SDR 35,000,000 to SDR 39,290,000 and the total amount of
the Credit referred to at the end of the said table is
increased from SDR 85,400,000 to SDR 89,690,000.
      (b)   Paragraph 6 of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit
Agreement is amended by the deletion therefrom of the amount
SDR 57,000,000 and the substitution thereof of the amount
SDR 61,290,000.
      Section 1.05. The following paragraph is added at the end
of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement:
            "8. After a date twelve (12) months from the date of
      this Amending Agreement, no withdrawals shall be made and
      no commitment shall be entered into to pay amounts, to or
      on the order of, the Borrower in respect of expenditures
      to be financed out of the proceeds of the Additional
      Financing. At any time after such date, the Association
      may, by notice to the Borrower, cancel the unwithdrawn
      amount of the Additional Financing from the Credit Account
      or any part thereof."
                                ARTICLE II
                        Effective Date; Termination
      Section 2.01. This Amending Agreement shall not become
effective until evidence satisfactory to the Association shall
have been furnished to the Association that the execution and
delivery of this Amending Agreement on behalf of the Borrower
have been duly authorized or ratified by all necessary
Page  3
governmental action.
      Section 2.02. As part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to Section 2.01 of this Amending Agreement, there
shall be furnished to the Association an opinion or opinions
satisfactory to the Association of counsel acceptable to the
Association showing, on behalf of the Borrower, that this
Agreement has been duly authorized or ratified by, and executed
and delivered on behalf of, the Borrower and is legally binding
upon the Borrower in accordance with its terms.
      Section 2.03. This Amending Agreement shall come into
force and effect on the date upon which the Association shall
dispatch to the Borrower notice of its acceptance of the
evidence required by Section 2.01 of this Amending Agreement.
      Section 2.04. If this Amending Agreement shall not have
come into force and effect by a date ninety (90) days after the
date of this Amending Agreement, this Amending Agreement and
all obligations of the parties hereunder shall terminate,
unless the Association establishes a later date for the
purposes of this Section. If this Amending Agreement shall
terminate under the provisions of this Section, the Development
Credit Agreement, as amended to the date of this Amending
Agreement, shall continue in full force and effect, as if this
Amending Agreement had not been executed.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                  REPUBLIC OF MALAWI
                  By /s/ Robert B. Mbaya
                                                Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                                                   Africa
