Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2456 RW
                   Development Credit Agreement
              (Energy Sector Rehabilitation Project)
                              between
                         RWANDESE REPUBLIC
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                       Dated April 21, 1993
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2456 RW
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 21, 1993, between RWANDESE REPUBLIC
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Association has received an Energy Sector Policy
Statement, dated December 30, 1992, from the Borrower describing a
long-term development plan to achieve the improvement of the energy
sector of the Borrower and declaring the Borrower's commitment to
the execution of said plan;
      (C)   the Borrower intends to contract from Caisse Centrale de
Cooperation Economique (CCCE) a loan (the CCCE Loan) in an amount
equivalent to two million seven hundred thousand dollars
($2,700,000) to assist in financing part of the Project on the terms
and conditions set forth in an Agreement (the CCCE Agreement) to be
entered into between the Borrower and CCCE;
Page  2
      (D)   the Borrower also intends to contract from the European
Investment Bank (EIB) a loan (the EIB Loan) in an amount equivalent
to seven million nine hundred ten thousand dollars ($7,910,000) to
assist in financing Part B.2 and B.3 of the Project on the terms and
conditions set forth in an agreement (the EIB Agreement) to be
entered into between the Borrower and EIB;
      (E)   Part B.1, B.2, B.3 and B.5 of the Project will be
carried out by Etablissement Public de Production, de Transport et
de Distribution d'Electricite, d'Eau et de Gaz (ELECTROGAZ); and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed on the basis, inter alia of
the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the terms
and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Project
Agreement of even date herewith between the Association and
ELECTROGAZ (the Project Agreement);
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional terms have
the following meanings:
      (a)   "ELECTROGAZ" means Etablissement Public de Production,
de Transport et de Distribution d'Electricite, d'Eau et de Gaz, a
public utility of the Borrower responsible for the production,
transportation and distribution of electricity, water and gas,
established pursuant to Decree Law No. 18 of 1976, and all
references to ELECTROGAZ in this Agreement shall also include any
legal successor of ELECTROGAZ to be established by the Borrower
under this Agreement;
      (b)   "Escrow Account" means the account referred to in
Section 3.07 of this Agreement;
      (c)   "MICOMART" means Ministcre du Commerce, de l'Industrie
et de l'Artisanat, the Borrower's Ministry of Commerce, Industry and
Handicrafts;
      (d)   "MINAGRI" means Ministcre de l'Agriculture et de
l'Elevage, the Borrower's Ministry of Agriculture and Animal
Husbandry;
      (e)   "MINITRAPE" means Ministcre des Travaux Publics et de
l'Energie, the Borrower's Ministry of Public Works and Energy;
      (f)   "NFF" means National Forestry Fund;
      (g)   "PETRORWANDA" means the Borrower's majority-owned
company responsible, inter alia, for the import and
commercialization of petroleum product;
      (h)   "PCAU" means Project Coordination and Administration
Unit;
      (i)   "PIU" means Project Implementation Unit;
      (j)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to an exchange of letters dated December 18, 1991 between
the Borrower and the Association;
Page  3
      (k)   "Rwandese Franc" or "FRW" means the currency of the
Borrower;
      (l)   "SNP" means Societe Nationale de Patrimoine, the
Borrower's National Utility Authority established to succeed to
ELECTROGAZ in accordance with Section 3.03 (a) (i) of this
Agreement;
      (m)   "SPE" means Societe Privee d'Exploitation, a management
company to be created and partially owned by the Borrower, and which
shall be responsible for production, transmission and distribution
of electricity, water and gas;
      (n)   "SOCIGAZ" means Societe Commerciale et Industrielle du
Gaz Methane du Lac Kivu, a company jointly owned by the Borrower and
the Republic of Zaire, responsible for managing the methane gas
resources of Lake Kivu, including all regulatory power related to
the exploitation of such gas resources;
      (o)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement; and
      (p)   "Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement to be
entered into between the Borrower and ELECTROGAZ pursuant to Section
3.02 of this Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to
time.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to eighteen million five hundred thousand Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 18,500,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in a
commercial bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association, including appropriate protection against set-off,
seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance
shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1998 or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
Page  4
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next date in that year specified in
Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on February 15 and August 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in
semiannual installments payable on each February 15 and August 15
commencing February 15, 2003 and ending August 15, 2032. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on August 15,
2012 shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due con-
sideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out Part A.6 of the Project
Page  5
through MICOMART, Part A.3 (ii) of the Project through MINAGRI and
Parts A.1, A.2, A.3 (i), A.4, A.5, B.4 and B.6 of the Project
through MINITRAPE with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate administrative, financial, engineering,
environmental and public utility practices, and shall provide,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for the Project.
      (b)   The Borrower shall cause ELECTROGAZ or its successor to
perform in accordance with the provisions of the Project Agreement,
all the obligations of ELECTROGAZ therein set forth, shall take and
cause to be taken all actions, including the provision of funds,
facilities, services and other resources, necessary or appropriate
to enable ELECTROGAZ or its successor to perform such obligations,
and shall not take or permit to be taken any action which would
prevent or interfere with such performance.
      (c)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraphs (a)
and (b) of this Section and, except as the Borrower and the
Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall cause the
Project to be carried out in accordance with the Implementation
Program set forth in Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (d)   Without limitation upon the provisions of this Agreement
and, except as the Borrower and the Association shall otherwise
agree, the Borrower shall not prevent ELECTROGAZ or any of its
successors in taking all necessary actions specified in Sections
4.03, 4.04 and 4.05 of the Project Agreement.
      Section 3.02. The Borrower shall, for the purposes of Part B.1
and B.5 of the Project, relend out of the proceeds of the Credit an
amount equivalent to thirteen million four hundred forty thousand
dollars ($13,440,000) to ELECTROGAZ under a Subsidiary Loan
Agreement to be entered into between the Borrower and ELECTROGAZ
under terms and conditions which shall have been approved by the
Association and which shall provide, inter alia, that such proceeds
be relent at a variable interest rate at all times equal to the
Bank's interest rate on loans plus one percent (1%) commission, for
a term of twenty-five (25) years including a grace period of five
(5) years. The Borrower shall bear the foreign exchange risk.
      Section 3.03. (a) The Borrower shall take all necessary
measures: (i) to establish, no later than November 30, 1993, SNP
which shall have full autonomy to operate and which shall maintain
an independent financial accounting system; and (ii) to establish,
no later than November 30, 1993, SPE, to operate and maintain the
assets of ELECTROGAZ.
      (b)   The Borrower shall ensure that, no later than
November 30, 1993, SNP signs a lease-contract with SPE, under terms
and conditions set forth in paragraph 5 of Schedule 4 to the
Agreement and which shall have been approved by the Association.
      (c)   The lease-contract referred to in paragraph (b) above
shall also define the targets of indicators to be used during the
mid-term evaluation referred to in Section 3.05 (a) of this
Agreement.
      Section 3.04. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.05. (a) The Borrower shall, no later than June 30,
1995, carry out a mid-term evaluation to review the overall project
implementation, to assess Project achievements and to take all
necessary corrective measures required to achieve the objectives of
the Project. The evaluation shall take into consideration, inter
alia, net production (GWh), power available for sale, billing
(percentage of power available for sale), client-account expressed
in days of sales (non-governmental), purchase of electricity, number
of clients per employee, net operating co-efficient, general
Page  6
liquidity, self-financing ratio, service quality including the
quality of voltage and number of interruptions and average
interruption per client, and standards of drinkability of water,
fixed by the World Health Organization.
      (b)   No later than three months prior to the mid-term
evaluation, the Borrower shall prepare all necessary documentation
required for the evaluation referred to in paragraph (a) above to be
submitted to the Association.
      Section 3.06. The Borrower shall, no later than November 30
each year, prepare an annual report on the public investment and
expenditure program in the energy sector, and shall adopt a three-
year rolling program, satisfactory to the Association, starting on
January 1993.
      Section 3.07. (a) The Borrower shall, no later than
November 30, 1993 open and maintain an Escrow Account in a
commercial bank, acceptable to the Association, on terms and
conditions acceptable to the Association and deposit into the
account an amount equivalent to five hundred million Rwandese Francs
(500,000,000 RWF) as its initial deposit to be used for the payment
of electricity and water bills of the Borrower's ministries and
agencies until December 31, 1994.
      (b)   The Borrower shall thereafter, and no later than January
1 each year, deposit an amount corresponding to the payment of
estimated consumption of electricity and water by such ministries
and agencies. Any shortfall or surplus shall be duly taken into
account while determining the amount to be deposited for the next
year.
      Section 3.08. The Borrower shall cause ELECTROGAZ to take all
necessary measures so as to bring and thereafter maintain the number
of its staff at a level not to exceed 1,253.
      Section 3.09. The Borrower shall submit to the Association a
proposal, satisfactory to the Association, on a new tariff structure
for low voltage and medium voltage users except for customers using
up to 40 kWh per month and shall implement the proposal.
      Section 3.10. The Borrower shall take all necessary measures,
satisfactory to the Association, to be applied by the customs agents
at border points to stop smuggling of diesel.
      Section 3.11. The Borrower shall, no later than September 30,
1993, submit to the Association an Action Plan including the
simplification of the taxation structure and the price of petroleum
product, the liberalization of such price and its implementation by
January 1, 1994.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of the Project of the departments or
agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project or
any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those for
                  the Special Account for each fiscal year audited,
                  in accordance with appropriate auditing
                  principles consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as available,
Page  7
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year, a certified copy of
                  the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and the audit
                  thereof as the Association shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the
                  Association has received the audit for the fiscal
                  year in which the last withdrawal from the Credit
                  Account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   As a result of events which have occurred after the date
of the Development Credit Agreement, an extraordinary situation
shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that MICOMART,
MINAGRI, MINITRAPE and ELECTROGAZ or any of its successors will be
able to perform their respective obligations, under this Agreement;
and
      (b)   the Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action concerning the Borrower's Policy
Statement and energy policies and programs that would materially
affect the objectives of the Project.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely that
the event specified in paragraph (b) of Section 5.01 of this
Agreement shall occur.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   the Subsidiary Loan Agreement referred to in Section
Page  8
3.02 of this Agreement has been executed on behalf of the Borrower
and ELECTROGAZ;
      (b)   the PCAU and the PIUs referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2
(a) of Schedule 4 to this Agreement respectively have been
established and the Manager in each of the PIUs and the accountants
referred to in paragraph 2 (b) of Schedule 4 to this Agreement have
been appointed;
      (c)   the Borrower has submitted to the Association its
proposal on the new tariff structure referred to in Section 3.09 of
this Agreement and its implementation;
      (d)   the Borrower has submitted to the Association evidence
of the implementation of the Ministerial Decree establishing the
details on charcoal transport taxation including its collection
through the National Forestry Fund;
      (e)   the Borrower has prepared the set of measures referred
to in Section 3.10 of this Agreement;
      (f)   the Borrower has confirmed the financing plan of the
Project and has submitted evidence that ELECTROGAZ has taken all
necessary measures to conform with Section 3.08 of this Agreement;
      (g)   the Borrower has submitted the evidence that the bids
for the selection of the professional private operator has been
launched; and
      (h)   the Borrower has increased and implemented a 15% tariff
increase on electricity and water.
      Section 6.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion to be furnished to the
Association: (i) that the Project Agreement has been duly authorized
or ratified by ELECTROGAZ in accordance with its terms; and (ii)
that the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been duly authorized or
ratified by the Borrower and ELECTROGAZ and is binding upon the
parties, in accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Minister of the Borrower at the time
responsible of finance is designated as representative of the
Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministcre des Finances
            Bocte Postale 158
            Kigali
            Rwandese Republic
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  MINIFIN                   22687
                  Kigali
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
Page  9
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                    197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  RWANDESE REPUBLIC
                  By /s/ Aloys Uwimana
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Francisco Aguirre-Sacasa
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                           SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1)   Works
      (a)  Part B.1 of           650,000        100% of foreign
           the Project                          expenditures and
                                                90% of local
      (b)  Other                 450,000        expenditures
(2)   Goods
      (a)   Part B.1 of        4,550,000        100% of foreign
            the Project                         expenditures
      (b)  Part A.6 of           340,000
           the Project
      (c)   Other              2,540,000
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(3)   Consultants'                              100% of foreign
Page  10
      Services,                                 expenditures and
      Technical                                 90% of local
      Assistance                                expenditures
      and Training
      (a)  Part A.6 of           160,000
           the Project
      (b)  Other               6,340,000
(4)   Refunding of               540,000        Amount due pur-
      Project Prepara-                          suant to Section
      tion Advance                              2.02 (c) of this
                                                Agreement
(5)   Unallocated              2,930,000
                              __________
           TOTAL              18,500,000
                              ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower; and
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower provided, however, that if the currency of
the Borrower is also that of another country from the territory of
which goods or services are supplied, expenditures in such currency
for such goods or services shall be deemed to be "foreign
expenditures".
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement except that withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not
exceeding the equivalent of nine hundred thousand Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 900,000), may be made on account of payments made for
expenditures before that date but after August 31, 1992;
      (b)   payments made for expenditures under Categories (1) (a)
and (2) (a) unless (i) the Borrower has submitted to the Association
evidence that the Lease Contract between SNP and SPE referred to in
Section 3.03 (b) of this Agreement has been signed; (ii) the
Borrower has confirmed the availability of the Borrower's equity
contribution to SPE of not less than one million dollars
($1,000,000); (iii) the Borrower has promulgated the Statutes of the
SNP and has appointed all members of the Board; (iv) the Borrower
has enacted the Law establishing the regulatory frame- work for
public enterprises; and
      (c)   payments made for expenditures under Categories (2) (b)
and (3) (a), unless: (i) the Borrower has submitted to the
Association evidence of the transfer of respon- sibilities for
managing the petroleum storage depots from PETRORWANDA to a private
company to be created and to be jointly owned by all the oil
importers; and (ii) the Borrower has submitted the Action Plan
referred to in Section 3.11 of this Agreement.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to: (a) create an enabling
regulatory and policy environment; (b) enhance the efficiency of
ELECTROGAZ operations; (c) provide technical assistance and training
Page  11
to key sector institutions to build up investment planning capacity
and strengthen government capacity to formulate a coherent sector
policy and to monitor sector activities related to woodfuel,
methane, petroleum products and least-cost power supply alternatives
for rural areas; and (d) rehabilitate key power infrastructure.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Strengthening of Regulatory and Policy Framework
1.    Restructuring of ELECTROGAZ to permit the contracting out of
its utility operations to a private operator, including preparation
of statutes and functions of ELECTROGAZ and preparation of bidding
documents for the selection of a private operator.
2.    Implementation of a series of make-ready measures to attract
qualified private operators.
3.    Introduction of incentives to rationalize and improve
efficiency of the charcoal sub-sector through the provision of
equipment and services required to establish a self-financing
program, including: (i) preparation of demand projections for wood
energy; and (ii) data collection on the availability of resources;
preparation of demand projections for the use of non-energy wood;
preparation and implementation of village wood management plans and
modernization of the charcoal sector.
4.    Provision of funds for: (i) preparation of a manual with
proper standardized technical specifications including environmental
aspects, adequate concession arrangements, tariff structure and
royalties, and appropriate legal framework for the future
exploitation of Lake Kivu's methane gas; (ii) setting-up of a
monitoring system for the chemistry of dissolved gases in the Lake
Kivu and volcanic activity in the area; (iii) training of scientists
and technicians; (iv) establishment of a warning system and eva-
cuation plan for the event of a disaster; and (v) carrying out of a
bathymetric survey and an environmental impact study of the
identified sites of the Lake.
5.    Carrying out studies to design a strategy for solar home
systems, including market study, and proposals for innovative
financing schemes.
6.    Strengthening of the capacity of MICOMART to implement the
simplification of taxation and pricing structure and price
liberalization for petroleum product and provision of equipment and
training to a small petroleum monitoring and analysis unit.
Part B:     Rehabilitation and Improvement of Key Power
            Infrastructure
1.    Rehabilitation and extension of the distribution network in
the cities of Kigali, Butare, Gisenyi, Nyabisindu and Ruhengeri.
2.    Improvement in transmission network sub-stations including the
addition of two 110 KV bays in the Mururu I Substation.
3.    Overhauling of the Mukungwa I hydro power station including
rehabilitation work of hydraulic structures of Gisenyi and Gihira
hydro power stations.
4.    Carrying out of feasibility studies for hydroplants.
5.    Constitution of a reserve stock of spare parts for plants and
substations and maintenance equipments and tools.
6.    Capacity building of the PCAU and PIU staff involved in the
management and monitoring of the Project and training of students
through scholarship.
Page  12
                             *   *   *
      The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1998.
                            SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part D hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines).
2.    Bidders for the works included in Part A.1 of Schedule 2 of
the Project shall be prequalified as described in paragraph 2.10 of
the Guidelines.
3.    To the extent practicable, and consistent with appropriate
technical standards and procurement procedures, contracts for works,
goods and services shall be grouped into bid packages estimated to
cost the equivalent of $100,000 or more.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in the Rwandese
Republic may be granted a margin of preference in accordance with,
and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the
Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Preference for Domestic Contractors
      In the procurement of works in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, the Borrower may grant a margin of
preference to domestic contractors in accordance with, and subject
to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraph 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    All contracts for distribution, rehabilitation works and
vehicles, office furniture and equipment and computers pertaining to
the charcoal program, up to an aggregate amount not to exceed
$270,000 equivalent, may be procured under contracts awarded on the
basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.    Laboratory equipment and equipment to repair and modernize
fuel depots up to an aggregate amount of $440,000 equivalent shall
be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of
price quotations from at least three suppliers from a minimum of two
different countries eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance
with procedures acceptable to the Association.
3.    Spare parts for Part B.5 of the Project up to an aggregate
amount of $2,610,000 equivalent may be procured under contracts
awarded directly with prior approval of the Association.
4.    All contracts for civil works under Part B of the Project up
to an aggregate amount of $1,860,000 equivalent may be procured
under contracts awarded on the basis of a competitive bidding
advertized locally, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to
the Association.
Part E:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
Page  13
1.    Review of prequalification:
      With respect to the prequalification of bidders as provided in
Part A.2 hereof, the procedures set forth in paragraph 1 of Appendix
1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
2.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $100,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of the
Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
3.    The figure of 10% is hereby specified for purposes of para-
graph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected
in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                      Implementation Program
A.    Project Coordination and Management
1.    The Borrower shall establish a PCAU within MINITRAPE which
shall be the coordinator of the Project. The PCAU shall comprise,
inter alia, the Director of the Directorate of Energy and Petroleum
Product of the Borrower, one representative from MICOMART, MINAGRI
and MINITRAPE each and a representative of ELECTROGAZ. The Director
of Energy and Petroleum Product shall be the head of the PCAU. The
PCAU shall be responsible for, inter alia:
            (i)   coordinating and supervising the use of funds
                  allocated for the execution of the Project;
           (ii)   keeping detailed accounts of the funds used in
                  the execution of the Project;
          (iii)   supervising the execution by each Project
                  Implementation Unit (PIU) of the different
                  project components;
Page  14
           (iv)   supervising jointly with the representatives of
                  each Ministry and Agency involved, the
                  procurement procedures for each contract entered
                  into and follow up the execution of each
                  contract;
            (v)   keeping appropriate files for all project
                  components;
           (vi)   coordinating the preparation by the PIUs of their
                  respective annual work program and progress
                  reports, consolidating and sending them to the
                  Association at three-month interval;
          (vii)   coordinating the activities of PIUs with respect
                  to the Project Completion Report, and sending the
                  report to the Association;
         (viii)   handling official correspondence in respect of
                  project execution with the Association,
                  consultants, contractors and Borrower's Agencies.
2.    (a)The Borrower shall cause ELECTROGAZ, MICOMART, MINAGRI
and MINITRAPE to establish within each of their administrative
frameworks a PIU. Each PIU shall have, inter alia, a Manager.
      (b)   The Borrower shall also appoint or cause to be appointed
an Accountant and an Assistant Accountant for the Project for its
entire duration. The Accountant shall report to the PCAU.
3.    The Borrower shall ensure that: (i) starting from January
1993, each agency and ministry of the Borrower is made responsible
for the cost of its electricity and water consumption and shall
implement an action plan to reduce consumption of electricity and
water; (ii) their annual budget allocations shall include sufficient
provision to cover the cost of their electricity and water
consumption; (iii) all the bills are paid within sixty days from
their presentation in accordance with agreed administrative
procedures; and (iv) no later than March 31, 1993, a systematic
power cut policy for delinquent consumers, including the Borrower's
ministries and agencies, is implemented.
4.    The Borrower shall provide on a declining basis the
differential between the actual water tariff and the full rate; the
actual provision shall be determined no later than October 31 of
each year for the succeeding year.
5.    The lease-contract referred to in Section 3.03 (b) of this
Agreement shall contain, inter alia, provisions that SPE shall have
full operational autonomy and independent financial accounting
system and shall be fully responsible: (i) for production,
transmission and distribution of electricity, water and gas; (ii)
for maintaining and operating assets and facilities; (iii) for
billing the customers and collecting revenues; (iv) for investing in
short-term fixed assets; and (v) for recruiting or dismissing of all
staff it deems necessary.
                            SCHEDULE 5
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
through (4) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
Page  15
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $500,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                  requests for deposits into the Special Account at
                  such intervals as the Association shall specify.
            (ii)  Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                  by said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
Page  16
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to para-
graph 6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the
Credit Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in
accordance with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including
the General Conditions.
