Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2409 IN
                   Development Credit Agreement
                         (Rubber Project)
                              between
                               INDIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                       Dated August 12, 1993
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2409 IN
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated August 12, 1993, between INDIA, acting by its
President, (the Borrower), and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   The Project will be carried out by the Rubber Board (the
Board) and the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development
(NABARD), with the Borrower's assistance and, as part of such
assistance, the Borrower will make available to the Board and NABARD
the proceeds of the Credit as provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in each of the
Project Agreements of even date herewith between the Association and
the Board and the Association and NABARD, respectively;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
Page  2
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional terms have
the following meanings:
      (a)   "Act" means the Rubber Act, 1947, Act XXIV of the
Borrower, as amended to date;
      (b)   "Board" means the Rubber Board, a body corporate of the
Borrower constituted and operating pursuant to the Act;
      (c)   "Board Agreement" means the Project Agreement between
the Association and the Board, of even date herewith, as the same
may be amended from time to time, and such term includes all
schedules and agreements supplemental to the Board Agreement;
      (d)   "NABARD" means the National Bank for Agriculture and
Rural Development, a statutory corporation established and operating
pursuant to NABARD Act;
      (e)   "NABARD Act" means the National Bank for Agriculture and
Rural Development Act, 1981, Act 61 of 1981 of the Borrower, as
amended to date;
      (f)   "NABARD Agreement" means the Project Agreement between
the Association and NABARD, of even date herewith, as the same may
be amended from time to time, and such term includes all schedules
and agreements supplemental to NABARD Agreement;
      (g)   "Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement entered
into between the Borrower and NABARD pursuant to Section 3.01 (c) of
this Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time, and
such term includes any schedules to the Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
      (h)   "Kerala" means the State of Kerala, a State of the
Borrower, or any successor thereto;
      (i)   "Tamil Nadu" means the State of Tamil Nadu, a State of
the Borrower, or any successor thereto;
      (j)   "Tripura" means the State of Tripura, a State of the
Borrower, or any successor thereto;
      (k)   "Assam" means the State of Assam, a State of the
Borrower, or any successor thereto;
      (l)   "Maharashtra" means the State of Maharashtra, a State of
the Borrower, or any successor thereto;
      (m)   "Goa" means the State of Goa, a State of the Borrower,
or any successor thereto;
      (n)   "Karnataka" means the State of Karnataka, a State of the
Borrower, or any successor thereto;
      (o)   "Project States" means Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Tripura,
Assam, Maharashtra, Goa and Karnataka;
      (p)   "Participating Bank" means a commercial, a regional
rural or a co-operative bank, satisfactory to the Association, in
each Project State, with which NABARD enters into a Participation
Agreement for the purposes of providing sub-loans under the Project.
      (q)   "Participation Agreement" means the agreement entered
Page  3
into by NABARD with a Participating Bank in each Project State
pursuant to Section 2.02 (a) of the NABARD Agreement for the
purposes of providing Project Sub-loans (as hereinafter defined)
under Parts A (i), B (i) or D of the Project;
      (r)   "Sub-loan" means a loan or credit made or proposed to be
made by a Participating Bank to a Sub-borrower (as hereinafter
defined) under Parts A (i), B (i) or D of the Project;
      (s)   "Sub-project" means a specific development project for
planting, replanting, or processing of rubber, acceptable to the
Association, to be carried out by a Sub-borrower utilizing the
proceeds of a Sub-loan, in accordance with the provisions of this
Agreement and the NABARD Agreement;
      (t)   "Sub-borrower" means the recipient of a Sub-loan;
      (u)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (v)   "ha" means hectares;
      (w)   "NGO" means a non-governmental organization;
      (x)   "Key incremental staff" means the new staffing positions
for the Board referred to in Schedule 2 to the Board Agreement;
      (y)   "TRPC" means Tripura Rehabilitation Plantation
Corporation; and
      (z)   "TFDPC" means Tripura Forest Development and Plantation
Corporation.
                           ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to sixty-six million four hundred thousand Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 66,400,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in Reserve
Bank of India on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association. Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account
shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 4 to
this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be September 30, 1999 or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
Page  4
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above.  The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semi-annually on June 1 and December 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each June 1 and December 1 commencing
December 1, 2002 and ending June 1, 2027. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on June 1, 2012 shall be one and
one-fourth percent (1-1/4%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two and one-half percent (2-1/2%) of
such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years, and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, without any limitation or restriction
upon any of its other obligations under the Development Credit
Agreement, shall cause the Board and NABARD to perform in accordance
with the provisions of the Board Agreements and NABARD Agreement all
the obligations of the Board and NABARD therein set forth, shall
take and cause to be taken all action, including the provision of
Page  5
funds, facilities, services and other resources, necessary or
appropriate to enable the Board and NABARD to perform such
obligations, and shall not take or permit to be taken any action
which would prevent or interfere with such performance.
      (b)   The Borrower shall make available as a grant SDR
26,600,000 out of the proceeds of the Credit to the Board for the
purpose of carrying out Parts A (ii), B (ii), C, E and F of the
Project, in accordance with the Borrower's standard arrangements for
development assistance.
      (c)   The Borrower shall relend SDR 39,800,000 to NABARD, for
the purposes of refinancing Sub-loans under Parts A (i), B (i) and
D of the Project, under a subsidiary loan agreement entered into
between the Borrower and NABARD, under terms and conditions which
shall have been approved by the Association including those set out
in the Schedule to the NABARD Agreement, as such Schedule may be
amended from time to time by agreement between the Borrower and the
Association.
      (d)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement in such manner as to protect the interests
of the Borrower and the Association and to accomplish the purposes
of the Credit, and except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
the Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive the
subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower and the Association hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of Parts
A (i), B (i) and D of the Project shall be carried out by NABARD
pursuant to Section 2.07 of the NABARD Agreement, and in respect of
Parts A (ii), B (ii), C, E and F of the Project shall be carried out
by the Board pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Board Agreement.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall furnish to the Association,
not later than June 30, 1997, for the Association's review and
comments, a plan for NABARD's post Project investments support for
Parts A (i) and B (i) of the Project, and shall thereafter implement
such a plan.
      Section 3.05. The Borrower shall, by January 31, of every
other year, starting January 31, 1995, in consultation with the
Board and the Association, review and adjust the cess on rubber,
taking into account the expenditures of the Board.
      Section 3.06. The Borrower shall (i) once the new price
support mechanism for rubber is approved by the relevant authorities
of the Borrower, inform the Association of such mechanism, and (ii)
not later than June 30, 1994, review with the Association the
implementation of such mechanism, with the view of effecting any
improvements that may be necessary.
      Section 3.07. The Borrower shall, not later than December 31,
1994, cause Tripura to prepare and furnish to the Association, for
the Association's review and comments, a land use plan for the
efficient allocation of land for future expansion of rubber growing
areas.
      Section 3.08. The Borrower shall cause Tripura to carry out,
with the assistance of the Board, the Tribal Development Plan agreed
with the Association in a manner and timetable satisfactory to the
Association.
                            ARTICLE IV
Page  6
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the basis of
statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained in accordance
                  with sound accounting practices records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   ensure that all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures are retained until
                  at least one year after the Association has
                  received the audit report for the fiscal year in
                  which the last withdrawal from the Credit Account
                  was made; and
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) (i) of this Section and those for
                  the Special Account for each fiscal year audited,
                  in accordance with appropriate auditing
                  principles consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than nine months after
                  the end of each such year the report of such
                  audit by said auditors, of such scope and in such
                  detail as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested including a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals;
                  and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and the audit
                  thereof as the Association shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 5.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   The Board shall have failed to perform any of its
obligations under the Board Agreement.
      (b)   NABARD shall have failed to perform any of its
obligations under the NABARD Agreement.
      (c)   As a result of events which have occurred after the date
of the Development Credit Agreement, an extraordinary situation
shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that (i) the Board
will be able to perform its obligations under the Board Agreement,
or (ii) NABARD will be able to perform any of its obligations under
NABARD Agreement.
      (d)   The Act shall have been amended, suspended, abrogated,
repealed or waived so as to affect materially and adversely the
ability of the Board to perform any of its obligations under the
Page  7
Board Agreement.
      (e)   NABARD Act shall have been amended, suspended,
abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially and
adversely the ability of NABARD to perform any of its obligations
under the NABARD Agreement.
      (f)   The Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment
of the Board or NABARD, or for the suspension of the operations of
the Board or NABARD.
      (g)   NABARD shall have become unable to pay any of its
respective debts as they mature, or any action shall have been taken
by NABARD or by others whereby any of the property of NABARD shall
or may be distributed among its creditors.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   the event specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period
of sixty days after notice thereof shall have been given by the
Association to the Borrower;
      (b)   the event specified in paragraph (c), (d), (e) or (f) of
Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   The Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been executed on
behalf of the Borrower and NABARD.
      (b)   The Borrower shall have appointed the key incremental
staff.
      (c)   The Project Coordination Unit referred to in Paragraph
1 (i) of Schedule 1 to the Board Agreement has been established.
      (d)   The Project Coordinator referred to in Paragraph 1 (ii)
of Schedule 1 to the Board Agreement has been appointed.
      Section 6.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association:
      (a)   that the Board Agreement has been duly authorized or
ratified by the Board, and is legally binding upon the Board in
accordance with its terms;
      (b)   that the NABARD Agreement has been duly authorized or
ratified by NABARD, and it is legally binding upon NABARD in
accordance with its terms; and
      (c)   that the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by the Borrower and NABARD and is legally
binding upon the Borrower and NABARD in accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
Page  8
      Section 7.01. The Secretary, Additional Secretary, Joint
Secretary, Director, Deputy Secretary, or Under Secretary in the
Department of Economic Affairs in the Ministry of Finance of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            The Secretary to the Government of India
            Department of Economic Affairs
            Ministry of Finance
            New Delhi, India
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  ECOFAIRS                953-3166175
                  New Delhi
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA),
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        INDIA
                        By /s/ N. Valluri
                                         Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        By /s/ Cosmas L. Robless
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                        South Asia
                           SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                           Amount of the
                         Credit Allocated          % of
                           (Expressed in         Expenditures
Page  9
      Category            SDR Equivalent)       to be Financed
(1)   Re-financing by         28,400,000        100% of amount
      NABARD of Sub-                            re-financed by
      loans made by                             NABARD
      Participating
      Banks under
      Parts A (i) and
      B (i) of the Project
(2)   Sub-loans under
      Part D of the
      Project
      (a)  Equipment           6,900,000        100% of foreign
                                                expenditures and
                                                100% of local
                                                expenditures (ex-
                                                factory cost) and
                                                80% of local
                                                expenditures for
                                                other items
                                                procured locally
      (b)  Civil works         4,500,000        65%
(3)   Civil works                700,000        90%
      under Part E
      of the Project
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(4)  Plantation costs          8,800,000        80%
     under Parts A (ii)
     and B (ii) of the
     Project
(5)  Goods under               2,900,000        100% of foreign
     Parts E and                                expenditures and
     F of the Project                           100% of local
                                                expenditures (ex
                                                factory cost) and
                                                80% of local
                                                expenditures for
                                                other items
                                                procured locally
(6)  Goods under Part C        9,300,000        50%
     of the Project
(7)  Consultants'                700,000        100%
     services and
     training
(8)  NGOs' services              400,000        100%
(9)  Incremental               3,300,000        95% of expen-
     operating costs                            ditures incurred
                                                until March 31,
                                                1995; 75% of
                                                expenditures
                                                incurred until
                                                March 31, 1997;
                                                60% of expen-
                                                ditures incurred
                                                thereafter.
(10) Unallocated                 500,000
                              __________
Page  10
            TOTAL             66,400,000
                              ==========
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower;
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower; and
      (c)   the term "incremental operating costs" means the
incremental costs for salaries and allowances for additional staff
of the Board engaged on a full time basis in the implementation of
the Project, and for operation and maintenance of additional offices
and vehicles incurred by the Board for purposes of implementing the
Project.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement, except that
withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not exceeding the equivalent of
SDR 3,600,000 may be made on account of payments made for
expenditures before that date but after March 31, 1993.
                           SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to assist in: (i) expanding
and strengthening the rubber subsector, (ii) increasing rubber
production by small holders, (iii) generating rural employment;
and(iv) strengthening the institutional capabilities of the Board.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Replanting
      (i)   Provision of Sub-loans through Participating Banks under
            NABARD re-financing schemes for replanting of old, low
            yielding rubber on about 40,000 ha in the traditional
            rubber growing areas of Kerala and Tamil Nadu; and
     (ii)   provision of planting assistance by the Board to cover
            part of the per hectare cost of rubber planting
            channelled to small holders through the Participating
            Banks.
Part B:     New Planting
      (i)   Provision of Sub-loans through Participating Banks under
            NABARD re-financing schemes for new rubber planting on
            about 29,500 ha, consisting of about 23,000 ha in Kerala
            and Tamil Nadu, about 5,000 ha in Tripura, and about
            1,500 ha of pilot plantation in selected areas in Assam,
            Maharashtra, Goa and Karnataka; and
     (ii)   provision of planting assistance by the Board to cover
            part of the per hectare cost of rubber planting to
            rubber growers.
Part C:     Productivity Enhancement
      Enhancing productivity of existing rubber holdings in Kerala
and Tamil Nadu through the adoption of improved field practices such
as discriminatory use of fertilizer, plant protection, tapping
Page  11
systems and use of latex flow stimulants and rain guarding.
Part D:     Processing Facilities
      Provision of Sub-loans through Participating Banks under
NABARD re-financing schemes for upgrading and establishment of
processing facilities for different categories of rubber (sheets,
crumb and centrifuged latex), and value added rubber by-products
such as processed wood, including:
            (i)   establishment of three new factories for
                  concentrate latex production and provision of
                  about 20 centrifuge machines to expand existing
                  factories;
           (ii)   improving the storage facilities at about 25
                  factories;
          (iii)   establishment of about 10 technically specialized
                  rubber (TSR) factories;
           (iv)   establishment of about 30 small capacity ribbed
                  smoked sheet (RSS) factories;
            (v)   improvement of the quality of small holder rubber
                  through: (a) establishment of about five units
                  for reprocessing of poor quality sheets, and (b)
                  adoption of improved design for smoking and
                  drying of artisanal small holder sheets;
           (vi)   conversion of existing smoke brown crepe
                  factories into TSR factories;
          (vii)   establishment of a factory for the production of
                  innovative rubber products such as prevulcanized
                  latex;
         (viii)   improving the efficiency and upgrading of
                  effluent control facilities at existing
                  factories; and
           (ix)   establishment of five rubber wood processing
                  factories.
Part E:    Institutional Support
      Strengthening the institutional capabilities of the Board
through:
            (i)   establishment of new zonal and regional offices;
           (ii)   provision of computers;
          (iii)   carrying out of rubber research programs,
                  including 500 ha of rubber pilot programs in
                  selected States in India;
           (iv)   recruitment of about 90 extension staff;
            (v)   construction of a training center and provision
                  of training equipment and vehicles;
           (vi)   carrying out of a study for developing a price
                  stabilization mechanism for rubber; and
          (vii)   provision of training and consultants' services.
Part F:     Women and Tribal Development
      Promotion, with the assistance of NGOs, of a number of income
generating schemes for women and tribal people such as bee-keeping,
sericulture, intercropping and spice and medicinal herb cultivation
Page  12
on homestead.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by September 30, 1998.
                           SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
      Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in India may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Except as provided in paragraphs 2 and 3 hereof: (i) goods for
Part C of the Project estimated to cost the equivalent of less than
$100,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount not exceeding the
equivalent of $7,100,000, and (ii) computers costing up to an
aggregate of $300,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance
with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.    (i) Goods for Part F of the Project, and equipment and
furniture estimated to cost the equivalent of less than $25,000 per
contract, up to an aggregate amount not exceeding $4,200,000, (ii)
vehicles estimated to cost the equivalent of less than $25,000 per
contract, up to an aggregate amount not exceeding $500,000, and
(iii) goods for Part C of the Project estimated to cost the
equivalent of less than $20,000 per contract, up to an aggregate
amount not exceeding the equivalent of $500,000, may be procured
under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations obtained from at least three suppliers eligible under the
Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the
Association.
3.    Contracts for (i) goods and works under Parts A and B of the
Project, and (ii) equipment and works under Part D of the Project
estimated to cost less then than $200,000 equivalent per contract,
may be awarded on the basis of the established commercial practice
of the purchaser, acceptable to the Association.
4.    Civil works under Part E of the Project estimated to cost up
to an aggregate amount not exceeding $1,120,000, may be carried out
through force account in a manner satisfactory to the Association.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $200,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Page  13
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of the
Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.  Such contracts shall be retained in accordance with
Section 4.01 (b)(ii) of the Development Credit Agreement.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of para-
graph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist in carrying out the Project, the Borrower
and the Board shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected
in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
through (9) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $4 million to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Page  14
Credit Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                  requests for deposits into the Special Account at
                  such intervals as the Association shall specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                  by said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
Page  15
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
