Page  1
                                                     CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2140 GH
            (Second Education Sector Adjustment Credit)
                              between
                         REPUBLIC OF GHANA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        Dated June 20, 1990
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2140 GH
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 20, 1990, between REPUBLIC OF GHANA (the
Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Association has received a letter dated March
29, 1990 from the Borrower describing a program of actions,
objectives and policies designed to achieve structural adjustment of
the Borrower's educational sector (hereinafter called the Program)
and declaring the Borrower's commitment to the execution of the
Program;
      (B)    the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (C)   the Borrower intends to seek additional funds from other
donors to assist in financing the Project; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing to extend the Credit in three tranches to the
Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "PMU" means the Project Management Unit in the Ministry
of Education established pursuant to Section 3.04 of the Development
Credit Agreement (Education Sector Adjustment Credit) between the
Borrower and the Association dated March 9, 1987;
      (b)   "Fiscal Year" means the Borrower's fiscal year,
corresponding to the calendar year; and
      (c)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to thirty-seven million nine hundred thousand Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 37,900,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in a
commercial bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association, including appropriate protection against set-off,
seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be February 28, 1994 or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
Page  3
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next date in that year specified in
Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on February 1 and August 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each February 1 and August 1
commencing August 1, 2000 and ending February 1, 2030. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on February 1,
2010 shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time provided that, in the judgment of the Association, such
revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering and education practices, and
shall provide, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services
and other resources required for the Project.
Page  4
      (b)   The Borrower and the Association shall from time to
time, at the request of either party, exchange views on the progress
achieved in carrying out the Program, the Project and the actions
specified in Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      (c)   Prior to each such exchange of views, the Borrower shall
furnish to the Association for its review and comments: (i) a
report, in such detail as the Association shall reasonably request,
on: (A) the progress achieved in carrying out the Program, the
Project and the actions specified in Schedule 3 to this Agreement;
(B) the use of the proceeds of the Credit; and (C) the budgetary
expenditures (including investments) made by the Borrower in the
education sector during the previous Fiscal Year and the current
Fiscal Year up to the date of any such review; and (ii) a draft
budget (including investments) and import program for educational
sector expenditures to be incurred by the Borrower in the subsequent
Fiscal Year, including details of the expenditures which the
Borrower proposes to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. (a) The Borrower shall maintain an account in a
commercial bank and deposit into said account the proceeds of all
sales of exercise books made by the Borrower and fees received by
the Borrower for the use of textbooks.
      (b)   Such deposits shall be used exclusively for the purchase
of exercise and textbooks required under the Program.
      Section 3.04. (a) The Borrower shall continue to maintain PMU
in a form and with functions satisfactory to the Association. PMU
shall be responsible, inter alia, for the overall coordination of
the Program and the administration of the Project.
      (b)   PMU shall, at all times, be adequately staffed,
including: (i) a senior secondary education coordinator, a basic
education coordinator, a budget officer, a procurement officer, a
disbursement officer, a logistics officer, a computer programmer and
accountants, architects and engineers, the qualifications and
experience of all of whom shall be satisfactory to the Association;
and (ii) support staff in adequate numbers.
                            ARTICLE IV
                          Other Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of the Project of the departments or
agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project or
any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those for
                  the Special Account for each fiscal year audited,
                  in accordance with appropriate auditing
                  principles consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year, a certified copy of
                  the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
Page  5
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and the audit
                  thereof as the Association shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the
                  Association has received the audit for the fiscal
                  year in which the last withdrawal from the Credit
                  Account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;
           (iii)  enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
            (iv)  ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
     Section 4.02. The Borrower shall cause each educational
institution whose expenditures are financed in part or in total out
of the proceeds of the Credit:
      (a)   to carry on its operations and conduct its affairs in
accordance with sound administrative, financial, technical and
educational practices under the supervision of qualified and
experienced management assisted by competent staff in adequate
numbers; and
      (b)   at all times to operate and to maintain its plants,
machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to time,
promptly as needed, to make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
educational practices.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   A situation has arisen which shall make it improbable
that the Program, or a significant part thereof, will be carried
out.
      (b)   (i)   Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph:
                  (A)   The right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                        proceeds of any grant or loan made to the
                        Borrower for the financing of the Project
                        shall have been suspended, cancelled or
                        terminated in whole or in part, pursuant to
                        the terms of the agreement providing
                        therefor, or
                  (B)   any such loan shall have become due and
Page  6
                        payable prior to the agreed maturity
                        thereof.
           (ii)  Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not
                  apply if the Borrower establishes to the
                  satisfaction of the Association that:
                  (A)   such suspension, cancellation, termination
                        or prematuring is not caused by the failure
                        of the Borrower to perform any of its
                        obligations under such agreement; and
                  (B)   adequate funds for the Project are
                        available to the Borrower from other
                        sources on terms and conditions consistent
                        with the obliga-tions of the Borrower under
                        this Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely that
any event specified in paragraph (b) (i) (B) of Section 5.01 of this
Agreement shall occur, subject to the proviso of paragraph (b) (ii)
of that Section.
                            ARTICLE VI
                            Termination
      Section 6.01. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The PNDC Secretary for Finance and Economic
Planning of the Borrower is designated as representative of the
Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
     Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            PNDC Secretary for Finance and
               Economic Planning
            Ministry of Finance and
               Economic Planning
            P.O. Box M40
            Accra, Ghana
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  ECONOMICON                 2205 MIFAEP GH
                  Accra
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                    197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
Page  7
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  REPUBLIC OF GHANA
                  By /s/ Eric Otoo
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                           SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    Subject to the provisions set forth or referred to in this
Schedule, the proceeds of the Credit may be withdrawn from the
Credit Account for expenditures made (or, if the Association shall
so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods,
civil works, training and consultants' services as agreed upon
between the Borrower and the Association and to be financed out of
such proceeds.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawal shall be made and no commitment shall be entered into to
pay amounts to or on the order of the Borrower in respect of
expenditures to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit after
the aggregate of the proceeds of the Credit withdrawn from the
Credit Account and the total amount of such commitments shall have
reached:
      (a)   the equivalent of SDR 12,900,000, unless the Association
shall be satisfied, after an exchange of views as described in
Section 3.01 of this Agreement based on evidence satisfactory to the
Association: (i) with the progress achieved by the Borrower in the
carrying out of the Program and Project; (ii) with the proposed
budget for the education sector for the following Fiscal Year; (iii)
with the use of the proceeds of the Credit; (iv) with the proposed
use of the proceeds of the Credit during the following Fiscal Year;
(v) that the actual expenditures in the education sector during the
preceding Fiscal Year have been in line with the agreed-upon budget;
and (vi) that the actions described in Part A of Schedule 3 to this
Agreement have been taken and are satisfactory to the Association;
and
      (b)   the equivalent of SDR 25,800,000, unless the Association
shall be satisfied, after an exchange of views as described in
Section 3.01 of this Agreement based on evidence satisfactory to the
Association: (i) with the progress achieved by the Borrower in the
carrying out of the Program and Project; (ii) with the proposed
budget for the education sector for the following Fiscal Year; (iii)
with the use of the proceeds of the Credit; (iv) with the proposed
use of the proceeds of the Credit during the following Fiscal Year;
(v) that the actual expenditures in the education sector during the
preceding Fiscal Year have been in line with the agreed-upon budget;
and (vi) that the actions described in Part B of Schedule 3 to this
Page  8
Agreement have been taken and are satisfactory to the Association.
4.    If, after any exchange of views described in paragraph 3
above, the Association shall have given notice to the Borrower that
the progress achieved and actions taken are not satisfactory and,
within 90 days after such notice, the Borrower shall not have
achieved progress and taken actions satisfactory to the Association,
then the Association may, by notice to the Borrower, cancel the
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit or any part thereof.
                           SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project which is part of the second
phase of the Borrower's Program are: (i) to reduce the length of
pre-university education; (ii) to improve the teaching/learning
process and raise the quality of education at all levels; (iii) to
contain and partially recover costs; and (iv) to enhance sector
management and budgeting process.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:
      Training of education sector staff, including the provision of
in-service training for basic and senior secondary school teachers
and inspection staff, as well as pre-service training for basic
education teachers.
Part B:
      Strengthening educational planning, budgeting and management.
Part C:
      Investments in the education sector, including rehabilitation
of educational buildings and acquisition of essential minimum
equipment and supplies for educational institutions.
Part D:
      Development and distribution of educational materials,
including textbooks and other printed materials.
Part E:
      Institutional support for Program implementation.
                     *     *     *     *     *
      The Project is expected to be completed by August 31, 1993.
                           SCHEDULE 3
               Actions Referred to in Paragraph 3 of
                   Schedule 1 to this Agreement
Part A:     Second Tranche
1.    The Borrower has achieved a student-teacher (including
national service staff) ratio of 20:1 for senior secondary schools.
2.    The Borrower has established the number of Ghana Education
Service staff at not more than 153,000.
3.    The book user fees for primary and junior secondary schools
have been set at no less than the 1987/88 proportions of full cost.
4.    The book user fees for senior secondary schools have been set
Page  9
at levels sufficient to cover full cost over the books life span.
5.    The fees for student meals at senior secondary schools have
been set at levels sufficient to cover the full cost of food.
6.    Every curricular program option introduced at any senior
secondary school has enrolled at least 20 students in each grade and
is taught by suitably qualified teachers or national service staff.
Part B:     Third Tranche
1.    The Borrower has maintained a student-teacher (including
national service staff) ratio of 20:1 for senior secondary schools.
2.    The Borrower has maintained the number of Ghana Education
Service staff at a level of not more than 153,000.
3.    The book user fees for primary and junior secondary schools
have been maintained at no less than the 1987/88 proportions of full
cost.
4.    The book user fees for senior secondary schools have been
maintained at levels sufficient to cover full cost over the books
life span.
5.    The fees for student meals at senior secondary schools have
been maintained at levels sufficient to cover the full cost of food.
6.    Every curricular program option introduced at any senior
secondary school has enrolled at least 20 students in each grade and
is taught by suitably qualified teachers or national service staff.
                           SCHEDULE 4
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part D hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods and works shall
be grouped together for the purposes of inviting bids.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in Ghana may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Preference for Domestic Contractors
      In the procurement of works in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, the Borrower may grant a margin of
preference to domestic contractors in accordance with, and subject
to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraph 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Goods estimated to cost less than the equivalent of $200,000
per contract, construction of school buildings estimated to cost
less than the equivalent of $500,000 per contract, and printing of
teaching materials estimated to cost less than the equivalent of
$200,000 per contract, may be procured under contracts awarded on
Page  10
the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance
with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.    Goods estimated to cost less than the equivalent of $50,000
per contract, the construction of school buildings estimated to cost
less than the equivalent of $50,000 per contract and the printing of
teaching materials estimated to cost less than the equivalent of
$50,000 may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
comparison of price quotations solicited from a list of at least
three suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Association or may be purchased or
carried out, as the case may be, on the basis of negotiated
contracts on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Association.
Part E:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $200,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of the
Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of para-
graph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected
in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                           SCHEDULE 5
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (b)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $6,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
Page  11
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                  requests for deposits into the Special Account at
                  such intervals as the Association shall specify.
            (ii)  Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                  by said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account, and in the respective equivalent amounts, as shall
have been justified by said documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit, less
the amount of any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with
respect to the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the
amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit shall follow such procedures as the
Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further
withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent that the
Association shall have been satisfied that all such amounts
remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date of such
notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to
Page  12
the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the
Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the Association
may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account (or, if the
Association shall so request, refund to the Association) an amount
equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so
eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise agree,
no further deposit by the Association into the Special Account shall
be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence or made such
deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraph 6
(a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
