Page  1
          DANISH GRANT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2405 ZA
                       Agreement
                        between
           GOVERNMENT OF KINGDOM OF DENMARK
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                          for
          the Administration of Certain Funds
               to be made available by
         GOVERNMENT OF THE KINGDOM OF DENMARK
                  in conjunction with
    the Privatization and Industrial Reform Credit
               (The Republic of Zambia)
                Dated December 29, 1992
          DANISH GRANT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2405 ZA
                       AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT dated as of December 29, 1992, between the
GOVERNMENT OF THE KINGDOM OF DENMARK (hereinafter
referred to as DENMARK) and the INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (hereinafter referred to as the Association).
     Whereas (A) the Association has entered into an
agreement (hereinafter referred to as the Development
Credit Agreement) with the Republic of Zambia
(hereinafter referred to as Zambia) in which the
Association makes available to Zambia a credit for a
Privatization and Industrial Reform Adjustment Credit
(hereinafter referred to as the Program);
     (B)  Denmark wishes to make available a grant in an
amount equivalent to Danish Kroner 40,000,000 to support
the Program to be paid out in two tranches of Danish
Kroner 20,000,000 each; and
     (C)  Denmark further wishes the Association to
administer said funds and the Association has agreed to
administer them upon the terms and conditions hereinafter
set forth;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
Page  2
                       ARTICLE I
              Administration of the Funds
     Section 1.01. For the purpose of this Agreement,
Denmark shall deposit two amounts of Danish Kroner
20,000,000 each for a total of Danish Kroner 40,000,000
(the Grant) into the "T" Account, maintained in the name
of the Association, with Denmark National Bank
(hereinafter referred to as the Trust Account). The funds
in the Trust Account shall be freely exchangeable by the
Association with other currencies as may facilitate their
administration hereunder.
     (b)  The first tranche of the Grant shall be
deposited into the Trust Account promptly after the
effectiveness of this Agreement. The second tranche of
the Grant shall be deposited as soon as 80% of the first
tranche has been utilized. To facilitate the
administration of trust fund assets, the Association may
deposit other trust fund assets into the Trust Account.
     Section 1.02. Denmark hereby appoints the
Association as administrator of the Grant on the terms
laid out in the Development Credit Agreement and
authorizes the Association to: (a) hold and disburse the
proceeds of the Grant thereof towards the financing of
the Program; and (b) do any and all such acts and things
as may be necessary or appropriate to fully accomplish
the foregoing.
     Section 1.03. The Association shall exercise the
same care in the discharge of its functions hereunder as
it exercises with respect to the administration and
management of its own affairs and shall have no further
responsibility to Denmark in respect thereof.
     Section 1.04. The Association may invest and
reinvest the Grant in the Trust Account pending its
withdrawal pursuant to Section 1.02 of this Agreement,
and may retain for its own account the income from such
investment or reinvestment to assist in the defrayal of
the costs of administration of the Grant in an amount
equal to two percent of the amounts deposited by Denmark
under this Agreement. The balance of the income from any
such investment or reinvestment shall be repaid to
Denmark upon the termination of this Agreement.
     Section 1.05. Upon termination of the Grant or at
intervals not exceeding six months the Association shall
report to Denmark on the progress of the Program.
                      ARTICLE II
                   Records, Accounts
     Section 2.01. The Association shall: (a) maintain
separate records and ledger accounts of the Grant
withdrawn from the Trust Account; and (b) when all the
Grant has been withdrawn from the Trust Account, prepare
a financial statement duly authorized by the
Association's external auditors with respect to the Trust
Account and forward a copy to Denmark.
                      ARTICLE III
                     Consultation
     Section 3.01. Denmark and the Association shall
consult from time to time at the request of each other on
all matters arising from this Agreement and other matters
of common interest to them in fulfilling the objectives
Page  3
of the Grant.
                      ARTICLE IV
              Effectiveness, Termination
     Section 4.01. This Agreement shall become effective
upon signatures by the parties.
     Section 4.02. If at any time it appears to either
party that the purposes of this Agreement cannot
effectively or appropriately be carried out, the
arrangements set forth herein may be terminated at the
initiative of such party on thirty days' notice in
writing to the other. Upon such termination, unless
Denmark and the Association otherwise agree, any of the
Grant funds held hereunder by the Association shall be
returned to Denmark and the Association's administration
shall be considered terminated.
     Section 4.03. The Agreement shall terminate when the
Grant amount has been withdrawn and applied by the
Association as provided in Section 1.02 of this
Agreement.
                       ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous
     Section 5.01. This Agreement may be amended only by
written agreement of the parties hereto.
     Section 5.02. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or mail, telephone, cable,
telex or rapidfax to the party to which it is required or
permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified
are:
     For Denmark
          The Danish International Development Agency
          Asiatisk Plads 2
          DK-1448 Copenhagen K.
          Denmark
          Cable address:           Telex:
               DANIDA                   31 292 ERT DK
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS                  197688 (TRT),
               Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA),
                                         64145 (WUI) or
                                         82987 (FTCC)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
Page  4
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names as of the day and year first above written.
               GOVERNMENT OF THE KINGDOM OF DENMARK
               By /s/ Torben Brylle
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                Regional Vice President
                                                 Africa
