Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2405 ZA
                                                       (Amendment)
                        Agreement Amending
                   Development Credit Agreement
      (Privatization and Industrial Reform Adjustment Credit)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF ZAMBIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                       Dated March 23, 1993
                                 DEVELOPMENT CREDIT NUMBER 2405 ZA
                                                       (Amendment)
                        AGREEMENT AMENDING
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated March 23, 1993, between the REPUBLIC OF
ZAMBIA (the Borrower) and the INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower and the Association have entered
into a Development Credit Agreement (Privatization and Industrial
Reform Adjustment Credit), dated July 13, 1992, (the Development
Credit Agreement) for the purpose of assisting in the financing of
the program referred to in Recital (A) of the Preamble to the
Development Credit Agreement (the Program);
      (B)   the Borrower has requested the Association to provide
additional assistance towards the financing of the Program by
increasing the amount made available under the Development Credit
Agreement by an amount in various currencies equivalent to fifteen
million and seventy thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 15,070,000); and
      (C)   the Association has agreed on the basis, inter alia, of
Page  2
the foregoing, to provide such additional assistance to the Borrower
upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                   Amendments to the Development
                         Credit Agreement
      Section 1.01. Section 1.02 of the Development Credit Agreement
is amended by the deletion of the word "and" at the end of Sub-
section (d); the deletion of the punctuation mark "." at the end of
Subsection (e); and the substitution therefor of the word and
punctuation mark "; and", and by the addition of a new Subsection
(f) as follows:
            "(f) "Amending Agreement" means the Agreement Amending
      the Development Credit Agreement (Privatization and Industrial
      Reform Adjustment Credit) between the Borrower and the
      Association, dated March 23, 1993."
      Section 1.02. Section 2.01 of the Development Credit Agreement
is amended to read as follows:
            "Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in
the Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to one hundred and sixty one million, seventy thousand
Special Drawing Rights (SDR 161,070,000) (the Credit), which
includes an original amount in various currencies equivalent to one
hundred forty-six million Special Drawing Rights (SDR 146,000,000)
and an additional amount in various currencies equivalent to fifteen
million, seventy thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 15,070,000)
(the Additional Financing)."
      Section 1.03. A proviso is added at the end of Section 2.04
(a) of the Development Credit Agreement reading as follows:
            "; provided, however, that any commitment charge on the
      Additional Financing shall accrue from a date sixty (60) days
      after the date of the Amending Agreement."
      Section 1.04. Paragraph 2 (g) of Schedule 1 to the Development
Credit Agreement is amended to read as follows:
            "(g) expenditures in excess of an aggregate amount
      equivalent to SDR 80,500,000 for petroleum products and
      foodstuffs."
      Section 1.05. Paragraph 4 of Schedule 1 to the Development
Credit Agreement is amended by the deletion of the amount
"SDR 73,000,000" and the substitution therefor of the amount
"SDR 88,070,000", and Paragraph 5 of Schedule 1 to the Development
Credit Agreement is amended by the deletion of the amount
"SDR 109,000,000" and the substitution therefor of the amount
"SDR 124,070,000".
      Section 1.06. The following paragraph is added at the end of
Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement:
            "6.  After a date twelve months from the date of the
      Amending Agreement, no withdrawals shall be made and no
      commitment shall be entered into to pay amounts to, or on the
      order of, the Borrower in respect of expenditures to be
      financed out of the proceeds of the Additional Financing. At
      any time after such date, the Association may, by notice to
      the Borrower, cancel the unwithdrawn amount of the Additional
      Financing from the Credit Account or any part thereof."
                            ARTICLE II
Page  3
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 2.01. This Amending Agreement shall not become
effective until evidence satisfactory to the Association shall have
been furnished to the Association that the execution and delivery of
this Amending Agreement on behalf of the Borrower have been duly
authorized or ratified by all necessary governmental action.
      Section 2.02. As part of the evidence to be furnished pursuant
to Section 2.01 of this Amending Agreement, there shall be furnished
to the Association an opinion or opinions satisfactory to the
Association of counsel acceptable to the Association showing, on
behalf of the Borrower, that this Amending Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by, and executed and delivered on behalf of,
the Borrower and is legally binding upon the Borrower in accordance
with its terms.
      Section 2.03. This Amending Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Association shall dispatch to
the Borrower notice of its acceptance of the evidence required by
Section 2.01 of this Amending Agreement.
      Section 2.04. If this Amending Agreement shall not have come
into force and effect by a date sixty (60) days after the date of
this Amending Agreement, this Amending Agreement and all obligations
of the parties hereunder shall terminate, unless the Association
establishes a later date for the purposes of this Section. If this
Amending Agreement shall terminate under the provisions of this
Section, the Development Credit Agreement shall continue in full
force and effect, as if this Amending Agreement had not been
executed.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  REPUBLIC OF ZAMBIA
                  By /s/ Dunstan Weston Kamana
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice-President
                                                            Africa
