Page  1
                                                            CONFORMED COPY
                                                       LOAN NUMBER 3978 IND
                              Project Agreement
             (Second Power Transmission and Distribution Project)
                                   between
                    INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                               AND DEVELOPMENT
                                     and
              PERSEROAN TERBATAS PERUSAHAAN PERSEROAN (PERSERO)
                       P.T. PERUSAHAAN LISTRIK NEGARA
                            Dated  March 29, 1996
                                                       LOAN NUMBER 3978 IND
                              PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated March 29, 1996, between INTERNATIONAL
BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (hereinafter referred
to as the Bank) and PERSEROAN TERBATAS PERUSAHAAN PERSEROAN
(PERSERO) P.T. PERUSAHAAN LISTRIK NEGARA (hereinafter referred
to as PLN).
      WHEREAS: (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Republic of Indonesia (the Borrower) and the Bank, the
Bank has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to three hundred seventy three
million dollars ($373,000,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that PLN
agree to undertake such obligations toward the Bank as are set
forth in this Agreement;
      (B) by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and PLN, a portion of the proceeds of the
loan provided for under the Loan Agreement will be relent to
PLN on the terms and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary
Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS PLN, in consideration of the Bank's entering into
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake
the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                  ARTICLE I
Page  2
                                 Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein
set forth.
                                 ARTICLE II
                          Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. PLN declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Loan Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out Parts A, B
and C of the Project with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate administrative, financial,
engineering and environmental practices, and shall provide, or
cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for said
Parts of the Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services
required for Parts A, B and C of the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. PLN shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project
Agreement and Parts A, B and C of the Project.
      Section 2.04. PLN shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree, PLN shall not take or concur in any action
which would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning
or waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision
thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) PLN shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to the progress of
Parts A, B and C of the Project, the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement, and other matters relating to the purposes of the
Loan.
      (b)   PLN shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of
Parts A, B and C of the Project, the accomplishment of the
purposes of the Loan, or the performance by PLN of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement.
                                 ARTICLE III
                      Management and Operations of PLN
      Section 3.01. PLN shall, and shall cause PLN's
Subsidiaries to, carry on its operations and conduct its
affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial and
engineering, managerial, public utility and environmental
practices under the supervision of qualified and experienced
management assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02.  (a) PLN shall, and shall cause PLN's
Subsidiaries to, maintain its existence and right to carry on
its operations, and PLN shall take all steps necessary to
acquire, maintain and renew all interest in land and other
properties and all rights, powers, privileges and franchises
Page  3
which are necessary or useful in carrying out Parts A, B and C
of the Project or in the conduct of its business.
      (b)   PLN shall, and shall cause PLN's Subsidiaries to, at
all times operate and maintain its plants, facilities,
equipment and other property, and promptly as required, make
all necessary repairs and renewals thereof, in accordance with
sound engineering and public utility practices.
      (c)   Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, PLN shall
not, and shall cause PLN's Subsidiaries not to, sell, lease,
transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its property or assets
which shall be required for the efficient operation of the
business of PLN and PLN's Subsidiaries.
      Section 3.03. PLN shall, and shall cause PLN's
Subsidiaries to, take out and maintain with responsible
insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the Bank for,
insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be
consistent with appropriate practice.
      Section 3.04. PLN shall, and shall cause PLN's
Subsidiaries to, take all such actions as shall be necessary to
reduce the realized power generating capacity reserved margins
in the Java-Bali Power System to 30% by December 31, 1999.
      For purposes of this Section, the term "power generating
capacity reserve margin" means the difference between the total
installed power generating capacity and the highest load
reached by the system in the fiscal year ("peak load") divided
by the peak load.
      Section 3.05. PLN shall, by December 31, 1997, provide its
Jakarta Electricity Distribution Unit (JEDU) and its Java-Bali
Electricity Transmission Unit (JABETU) with the required degree
of autonomy in managing their operations and investments so as
to function as investment centers.
                                 ARTICLE IV
                             Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) PLN shall, and shall cause PLN's
Subsidiaries to, maintain records and accounts adequate to
reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices its
operations and financial condition.
      (b)   PLN shall, and shall cause PLN's Subsidiaries to:
            (i)     have their respective records, accounts and
                    financial statements, including the
                    consolidated financial statements of PLN and
                    PLN's Subsidiaries (balance sheets, statements
                    of income and expenses and related statements)
                    for each fiscal year audited, in accordance
                    with appropriate auditing principles
                    consistently applied, by independent auditors
                    acceptable to the Bank;
            (ii)    furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but
                    in any case not later than six months after
                    the end of each such year, (A) certified
                    copies of their individual and consolidated
                    financial statements for such year as so
                    audited, and (B) the report of such audit by
                    said auditors of such scope and in such detail
                    as the Bank shall have reasonably requested;
                    and
            (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information
                    concerning said records, accounts and financial
                    statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
Page  4
                    Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      Section 4.02. PLN shall, and shall cause PLN's
Subsidiaries to: (a) by October 31 every year commencing in
1996, review their respective and their consolidated long-run
marginal costs with a view to formulating their tariff
structures; (b) discuss the results of such review with the
Borrower and the Bank; and (c) thereafter, take appropriate
steps to revise the tariff structures taking into account the
views, if any, thereon of the Borrower and the Bank.
      Section 4.03. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
PLN shall not, and shall cause PLN's Subsidiaries not to, incur
any debt unless a reasonable forecast of the consolidated
revenues and expenditures of PLN and PLN's Subsidiaries shows
that the projected consolidated net revenues of PLN and PLN's
Subsidiaries for each fiscal year during the term of the debt
to be incurred shall be at least 1.5 times the projected
consolidated debt service requirements of PLN and of PLN's
Subsidiaries in such year on all consolidated debt of PLN and
PLN's Subsidiaries, including the debt to be incurred.
      For the purposes of this Section:
      (a)   The term "debt" means any indebtedness of PLN and
PLN's Subsidiaries maturing by its terms more than one year
after the date on which it is originally incurred.
      (b)   Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (i) under a loan
contract or agreement or other instrument providing for such
debt or further modification of its terms of payment, on the
date of such contract, agreement or instrument; and (ii) under
a guarantee agreement, on the date the agreement providing for
such guarantee has been entered into.
      (c)   The term "net revenues of PLN" means gross revenues
of PLN from all sources, adjusted to take account of the PLN's
tariffs in effect at the time of the incurrence of debt even
though they were not in effect during the twelve-month period
to which such revenues relate, less all operating expenses of
PLN, including expenses accountable to administration,
maintenance and taxes (or payments in lieu of taxes), but
before provision for depreciation of assets and interest and
other charges on debt.
      (d)   The term "net revenues of PLN's Subsidiaries" means
gross revenues of PLN's Subsidiaries from all sources, adjusted
to take account of the tariffs of PLN's Subsidiaries in effect
at the time of the incurrence of debt even though they were not
in effect during the twelve-month period to which such revenues
relate, less all operating expenses of PLN's Subsidiaries,
including expenses accountable to administration, maintenance
and taxes (or payments in lieu of taxes), but before provision
for depreciation of assets and interest and other charges on
debt.
      (e)   The term "debt service requirement" means the
aggregate amount of repayments (including sinking fund
payments, if any) of, and interest and other charges on, debt.
      (f)   The term "reasonable forecast" means a forecast
prepared by PLN in the fiscal year in which the debt in
question is to be incurred, which both the Bank and PLN accept
as reasonable and as to which the Bank has notified PLN of its
acceptability, provided that no event has occurred since such
notification which has, or may reasonably be expected in the
future to have, a material adverse effect on the financial
condition or future operating results of PLN or PLN's
Subsidiaries, as the case may be.
      (g)   Whenever for the purposes of this Section it shall be
necessary to value, in terms of currency of the Borrower, debt
Page  5
payable in another currency, such valuation shall be made on
the basis of the prevailing lawful rate of exchange at which
such other currency is, at the time of such valuation,
obtainable for the purposes of servicing such debt, or, with
absence of such rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange
acceptable to the Bank.
      Section 4.04. PLN shall as part of its on-going annual
planning procedures: (i) prepare a ten-year financial forecast
based on the proposed consolidated development plans of PLN and
PLN's Subsidiaries; (ii) test each proposed development plan
for financial feasibility; (iii) develop a financing plan
covering the first five years of the forecast period which will
specify the quantum of external funding and the appropriate mix
of equity and debt and, to the extent possible, identify
potential financial sources; and (iv) ensure that its
recommended development plans and associated financial
forecasts and financing plan are jointly reviewed with the
Borrower and the Bank prior to their adoption by PLN's Board
and each of PLN's Subsidiary' Board.
      Section 4.05. Except as the Bank and PLN shall otherwise
agree, PLN shall:
      (a)   review annually with the Bank and the Borrower, the
proposed consolidated investment plans of PLN's and PLN's
Subsidiaries for the next five fiscal years, including the
priorities assigned to the investments included under such
plans and the balance between the generation, transmission and
distribution of electric power likely to result from such
investments; and
      (b)   by October 31 every year commencing in 1996 review
with the Borrower and the Bank, the consolidated development
plans of PLN's and PLN's Subsidiaries and associated financial
forecasts and financing plans provided for in Section 4.04 of
this Agreement.
      Section 4.06. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, PLN shall, and shall cause PLN's Subsidiaries to, from
time to time, take all such measures, satisfactory to the Bank,
as shall be required to realize for all PLN's and for all PLN's
Subsidiaries' operations, for their fiscal year 1996 and in
each of their fiscal years thereafter, an annual rate of return
of not less than eight percent (8%) of the average current
value of PLN's and PLN's Subsidiaries' consolidated net fixed
assets in operation.
      (b)   PLN shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by PLN
and satisfactory to the Bank, review on a periodic basis, as
agreed with the Bank, whether PLN's tariffs are adequate to
meet the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) of this
Section for the next fiscal year, and shall furnish to the Bank
such review upon its completion.
      (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)     The required annual return shall be calculated
                    by dividing the consolidated net operating
                    income of PLN's and PLN's Subsidiaries for all
                    their operations for the fiscal year in
                    question by one-half of the sum of the current
                    value of the consolidated net fixed assets in
                    operation  of PLN and PLN's Subsidiaries for
                    all their operations at the beginning and the
                    end of that fiscal year.
            (ii)    The term "consolidated net operating income"
                    means the consolidated revenues from all
                    sources related to PLN's  and PLN's
                    Subsidiaries' operations less all consolidated
                    expenditures incurred on account of such
Page  6
                    operations, including expenses of
                    administration, adequate maintenance and taxes
                    or any payments in lieu of taxes, and
                    provision for depreciation calculated on
                    revalued assets pursuant to Section 4.07 of
                    this Agreement. Interest and other charges on
                    debt shall not be deducted from gross
                    revenues.
            (iii)   The term "value of the consolidated net
                    fixed assets in operations" means the
                    consolidated gross value of PLN's and PLN's
                    Subsidiaries' fixed assets in operation less
                    the amount of accumulated depreciation and
                    consumers' contributions, all as valued from
                    time to time in accordance with the methods of
                    valuation or revaluation referred to in
                    Section 4.07 of this Agreement.
            (iv)    The term "debt service requirements" means the
                    aggregate amount of repayments (including
                    sinking fund payments, if any) of, and
                    interest and other charges on, the
                    consolidated debt of PLN and PLN's
                    Subsidiaries.
            (v)     Whenever, for the purposes of this Section, it
                    shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                    currency of the Borrower debt payable in
                    another currency, such valuation shall be made
                    on the basis of the prevailing lawful rate of
                    exchange at which such other currency is, at
                    the time of such valuation, obtainable for the
                    purposes of servicing such debt, or, in the
                    absence of such rate, on the basis of a rate
                    of exchange acceptable to the Bank.
      Section 4.07. For the purposes of the calculations
referred to in Section 4.06 (a) of this Agreement, PLN shall
for its fiscal year 1996 and for each fiscal year thereafter,
revalue the consolidated fixed assets of PLN and PLN's
Subsidiaries (including work in progress and consolidated
consumers' contributions of PLN and PLN's Subsidiaries), and
accumulated depreciation, in a manner satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 4.08. The provisions of Section 4.05 of the
Project Agreements entered into between the Bank and PLN dated
July 25, 1994 and April 30, 1995 (Sumatera and Kalimantan Power
Project and Second Rural Electrification Project),
respectively, are hereby superseded by the provisions of
Section 4.06 of this Agreement.
      Section 4.09. PLN shall, and shall cause PLN's
Subsidiaries to: (a) take all such action as shall be necessary
to meet in fiscal year 1996 and in each fiscal year thereafter,
technical and financial performance targets, satisfactory to
the Bank; (b) by November 15, 1996 and in each year thereafter,
furnish to the Bank, for its approval, its proposed technical
and financial performance targets for the subsequent two fiscal
years; (c) no later than four months after the close of each of
its fiscal years, commencing on fiscal year 1996, report to the
Bank on its progress in meeting the technical and financial
performance targets during the preceding fiscal year; and (d)
in the event of targets not being reached in any given fiscal
year, prepare and furnish to the Bank, for its approval,
proposed remedial actions to be taken and, thereafter,
undertake such remedial actions as so approved.
                                  ARTICLE V
                        Effective Date; Termination;
                         Cancellation and Suspension
Page  7
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the
Bank and of PLN thereunder shall terminate on the date on which
the Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
terms, and the Bank shall promptly notify PLN thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any
cancellation or suspension under the General Conditions.
                                 ARTICLE VI
                          Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted
to be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement
between the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in
writing. Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been
duly given or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by
mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which
it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                  Telex:
                    INTBAFRAD               248423 (RCA),
                    Washington, D.C.         82987 (FTCC),
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      For PLN:
            P.T. PLN (Persero)
            Jalan Trunojoyo 135
            Kebayoran Baru
            Jakarta 12160
            Indonesia
            Cable address:                  Telex:
                    PLNPST                  47156 PLNPST IA
                    Jakarta                 47248 PLNPST IA
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be executed,
under this Agreement on behalf of PLN may be taken or executed
by its President Director or such other person or persons as
the President Director shall designate in writing, and PLN
shall furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority
and the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
Page  8
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                    INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                    By  /s/  Nicholas Hope
                                             Acting Regional Vice President
                                                      East Asia and Pacific
                    PERSEROAN TERBATAS  PERUSAHAAN  PERSEROAN
                    (PERSERO) P.T. PERUSAHAAN LISTRIK NEGARA
                    By /s/  Arifin M. Siregar, Ambassador
                                                  Authorized Representative
                                 SCHEDULE 1
                    Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods
Part A: General
      Goods shall be procured in accordance with the provisions
of Section I of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in January 1995
(the Guidelines) and the following provisions of this Section,
as applicable.
Part B: International Competitive Bidding
1.    Goods shall be procured under contracts awarded in
accordance with the provisions of Section II of the Guidelines
and paragraph 5 of Appendix 1 thereto.
2.    The provisions of paragraphs 2.54 and 2.55 of the
Guidelines and Appendix 2 thereto shall apply to goods
manufactured in the territory of the Borrower and to be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with the
provisions of paragraph 1 of this Part B.
Part C: Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Procurement Planning
      Prior to the issuance of any invitations to prequalify for
bidding or to bid for contracts, the proposed procurement plan
for the Project shall be furnished to the Bank for its review
and approval, in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 1
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines. Procurement of all goods shall
be undertaken in accordance with such procurement plan as shall
have been approved by the Bank, and with the provisions of said
paragraph 1.
2.    Prior Review
      With respect to all contracts for goods for Part A (i)
through (iv) of the Project and with respect to each contract
for goods for Part A (v) of the Project estimated to cost the
equivalent of $200,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 3 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
3.    Post Review
      With respect to each contract not governed by paragraph 2
of this Part, the procedures set forth in paragraph 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Page  9
Section II. Employment of Consultants
1.    Consultants' services for Parts A, B and C of the Project
shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
the provisions of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by
World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency"
published by the Bank in August 1981 (the Consultant
Guidelines). For complex, time-based assignments, such
contracts shall be based on the standard form of contract for
consultants' services issued by the Bank, with such
modifications thereto as shall have been agreed by the Bank.
Where no relevant standard contract documents have been issued
by the Bank, other standard forms acceptable to the Bank shall
be used.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this
Section, the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring
prior Bank review or approval of budgets, short lists,
selection procedures, letters of invitation, proposals,
evaluation reports and contracts, shall not apply to contracts
for the employment of consulting firms estimated to cost less
than $100,000 equivalent each; or contracts for the employment
of individual consultants estimated to cost less than $50,000
equivalent each. However, said exceptions to prior Bank review
shall not apply to (a) the terms of reference for such
contracts, (b) single-source selection of consulting firms, (c)
assignments of a critical nature, as reasonably determined by
the Bank, (e) amendments to contracts for the employment of
Service Providers raising the contract value to $50,000
equivalent or above, (e) amendments to contracts for the
employment of consulting firms raising the contract value to
$100,000 equivalent or above, or (f) amendments to contracts
for the employment of individual consultants raising the
contract value to $50,000 equivalent or above.
                                 SCHEDULE 2
             Resettlement and Rehabilitation of Affected Persons
1.    For purposes of carrying out the resettlement and
rehabili-tation of the affected persons under Part A (vi) of
the Project, PLN shall:
      (a)   in a manner and substance satisfactory to the Bank,
apply the PLN's General Policy concerning the establishment of
overhead transmission lines;
      (b)   adopt and implement the 500kV-RAP, satisfactory to
the Bank, for purposes of carrying out the compensation,
resettlement and rehabilitation of the Affected Persons under
Parts A(i) and A(ii) of the Project;
      (c)   adopt and thereafter implement the 150kV-RAP,
satisfactory to the Bank, for purposes of carrying out the
compensation, resettlement and rehabilitation of the Affected
Persons under Parts A(iii) and A(iv) of the Project;
      (d)   complete the provision of compensation and
rehabilitation measures and resettlement of the Affected
Persons for each sector or phase under Parts A (i) through A
(iv) of the Project before the commencement of the work on that
sector or phase;
      (e)   design the construction and installation of the power
distribution facilities under Part A(v) of the Project, and
thereafter carry out such construction and installation in such
a way as to avoid any acquisition of private property or
establishment of easements therein for installing power poles
and transformers; provided, however, that if the acquisition of
private property or the establishment of easements therein can
not be avoided, PLN shall promptly inform the Borrower and the
Page  10
Bank and proceed to compensate, resettle and rehabilitate the
Affected Persons pursuant to provisions of the PLN's General
Policy concerning the establishment of overhead transmission
lines, in a manner satisfactory to the Bank; provided further
that if the construction and installation of these facilities
as designed would adversely affect more than 100 persons, then
PLN shall, prior to the start of such works, furnish to the
Bank for its approval a resettlement action plan prepared in
accordance with PLN's General Policy concerning the
establishment of overhead transmission lines, and thereafter
implement such plan as so approved.
      (f)   on April 1, July 1, October 1 and December 1 of each
year, commencing on July 1, 1996, prepare and furnish to the
Bank quarterly progress reports on the implementation of Part
A (vi) of the Project during the preceding three (3) months;
and
      (g)   by July 1, 1996, under terms of reference
satisfactory to the Bank, retain an independent entity with
qualified and experienced staff to: (i) undertake the external
monitoring and supervision of the implementation of Part A (vi)
of the Project; (ii) prepare and furnish to the Bank and PLN
semiannual monitoring reports thereof, the first of such
reports to be furnished by September 30, 1996; and (iii)
prepare and furnish to the Bank and PLN a final evaluation
report on completion of Part A (vi) of the Project.
