Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3355 JO
               (Dead Sea Industrial Exports Project)
                              between
                    HASHEMITE KINGDOM OF JORDAN
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                        Dated July 17, 1991
                                                LOAN NUMBER 3355 JO
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 17, 1991, between the HASHEMITE KINGDOM
OF JORDAN (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Arab Potash Company Ltd. (the
Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasibility and priority
of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, have
requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the Project;
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to fifteen million dollars
($15,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that the Guarantor agree to
guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of such loan as
provided in this Agreement; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth below (the General Conditions) constitute an
integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)   The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted; and
      (b)   In Section 6.02, sub-paragraph (k) is re-lettered as
sub-paragraph (1) and a new sub-paragraph (k) is added to read:
            "(k)   An extraordinary situation shall have arisen
      under which any further withdrawals under the Loan would be
      inconsistent with the provisions of Article III, Section 3 of
      the Bank's Articles of Agreement."
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to and Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                             Guarantee
      Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, hereby unconditionally guarantees, as
primary obligor and not as surety merely, the due and punctual
payment of the principal of, and interest and other charges on, the
Loan, and the premium, if any, on the prepayment of the Loan, all as
set forth in the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.02. The Guarantor shall charge and collect from the
Borrower the guarantee fee referred to in Section 2.08 of the Loan
Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the Guarantor shall:
      (a) cause the Jordan Electricity Authority and the Jordan
Petroleum Refinery, respectively, to provide the Borrower with
adequate and timely supplies of electric power and petroleum
products in order to enable the Borrower to operate its facilities
efficiently; and
      (b) assist the Borrower to acquire all rights in respect of
land as and when required for construction of a water conveyance
from Dhira to the Borrower's plant.
                            ARTICLE IV
            Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 4.01. The Minister of Planning of the Guarantor is
designated as representative of the Guarantor for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the
Page  3
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Minister of Planning
            P.O. Box 555
            Amman
            Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   MINISTRY OF PLANNING      2131920
                   Amman
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA),
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         HASHEMITE KINGDOM OF JORDAN
                         By /s/ H. Hammami
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ W. Wapenhans
                                           Regional Vice President
                              Europe, Middle East and North Africa
