Page  1
                                              CONFORMED COPY
                                    LOAN NUMBER 3271 ME
     (Water Supply and Sanitation Sector Project)
                        between
                 UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                Dated January 18, 1991
                                    LOAN NUMBER 3271 ME
                  GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated January 18, 1991, between UNITED
MEXICAN STATES (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
     WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Banco Nacional de
Obras y Servicios Publicos, S.N.C. (the Borrower), having
been satisfied as to the feasibility and priority of the
Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement,
have requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the
Project; and
     (B)  by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to
extend to the Borrower a loan in various currencies
equivalent to three hundred million dollars
($300,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in
the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the
Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of the
Page  2
Borrower in respect of such loan and to undertake such
other obligations as set forth in this Agreement; and
     WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the
Bank's entering into the Loan Agreement with the
Borrower, has agreed so to guarantee such obligations of
the Borrower and to undertake such other obligations as
set forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January
1, 1985, with the modifications set forth in Schedule 4
to the Loan Agreement (the General Conditions) constitute
an integral part of this Agreement.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions and
in the Preamble to and Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement
have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                      ARTICLE II
             Guarantee; Provision of Funds
     Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment
to the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule
2 to the Loan Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry
out Parts B.1, B.4 and B.5 of the Project through CNA,
and Part B.2 of the Project through IMTA, with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with sound
technical, financial, administrative, environmental and
managerial standards. Without limitation or restriction
upon any of its other obligations under the Guarantee
Agreement, the Guarantor hereby unconditionally
guarantees, as primary obligor and not as surety merely,
the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and
interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium,
if any, on the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual
performance of all the other obligations of the Borrower,
all as set forth in the Loan Agreement.
     Section 2.02. The Guarantor shall provide or cause
to be provided, in a timely manner as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for the
Project.
                      ARTICLE III
                    Other Covenants
     Section 3.01. The Guarantor shall enter into the
contractual arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 of
the Loan Agreement and, unless the Bank shall otherwise
agree, shall not change or fail to enforce any provisions
of such contractual arrangements or of a Sub-loan
Agreement to which it is a party.
     Section 3.02. The Guarantor, through CNA, shall
assist Operating Agencies in preparing the Sub-project
feasibility studies referred to in Section 4.04 (c) of
the Loan Agreement, which include environmental impact
amelioration action plans to be prepared by CNA. CNA
shall ensure that each such feasibility study specify the
proportion of Sub-project costs to be covered by Sub-
loans and other funds, based on the formulas set forth in
Page  3
paragraph 1 of Schedule 5 to the Loan Agreement.
     Section 3.03. The Guarantor shall enter into, and
comply with its obligations under, Sub-loan Agreements
for each Sub-project to be carried out by a state or
municipal Operating Agency.
Section 3.04. The Guarantor, through CNA, shall
assist Oper-ating Agencies in carrying out the
institutional strengthening component of Sub-projects
and, together with the Borrower, shall supervise the
Operating Agencies' execution of Sub-projects.
     Section 3.05. The Guarantor, through CNA, shall, no
later than December 31, 1991, present to the Bank
Revaluation Guidelines, satisfactory to the Bank, for the
revaluation by Operating Agencies of their fixed assets.
     Section 3.06. Based on the reports received each six
months from Operating Agencies pursuant to paragraph
5 (d) of Schedule 5 to the Loan Agreement, the Guarantor,
through CNA, shall no later than each March 30 during
Project execution and beginning in 1991, publish and
furnish to the Bank a report on the performance of
Operating Agencies achieved during the immediately prior
calendar year.
     Section 3.07. The Guarantor, through CNA and IMTA,
shall monitor the carrying out of Part B.2 of the Project
and shall, no later than each September 30 during Project
execution and beginning in 1991, submit a report to the
Bank on the status of execution of Part B.2 of the
Project and on the proposed plan for execution of such
Part during the immediately upcoming calendar year.
     Section 3.08. The Guarantor, through CNA, shall
carry out the National Water Quality and Information
Program.
     Section 3.09. The Guarantor, through SHCP, SPP, CNA
and IMTA, shall participate in annual reviews of Project
implementation to be held in conjunction with the Bank
and the Borrower each month of November during Project
implementation, beginning in 1991. Each such review
shall, based on the reports referred to in Sections 3.06
and 3.07 of this Agreement and Section 4.08 of the Loan
Agreement, examine the status of Project implementation
and result in the preparation of an annual plan of
action, for the Project and the water supply and
sanitation sector as a whole, including specific goals
and projections, satisfactory to the Bank, such annual
plan of action to be carried out by the Guarantor and the
Borrower during the immediately upcoming calendar year.
Such reviews shall also examine progress made under the
Guarantor's program, prepared in 1989, entitled
Guidelines for the National Drinking Water and Sewerage
Program (Lineamientos para el Programa Nacional de Agua
Potable y Alcantarillado), and shall, if necessary,
result in the preparation of revisions, satisfactory to
the Bank, and to be implemented as part of the relevant
annual plan of action, of such Guidelines. The annual
plans of action shall also specify Sub-project financing
proportions, satisfactory to the Bank, to be applied to
Sub-projects for which Sub-loan Agreements are entered
into during the year covered by the annual plans of
action.
     Section 3.10. (a) The Guarantor through CNA, with
respect to Parts B.1, B.4 and B.5 of the Project and
through IMTA with respect to Part B.2 of the Project,
shall maintain separate records and accounts adequate to
reflect, in accordance with sound accounting practices,
the resources and expenditures in connection with those
Page  4
Parts of the Project carried out by the Guarantor.
     (b)  The Guarantor, through CNA with respect to
Parts B.1, B.4 and B.5 of the Project and through IMTA
with respect to Part B.2 of the Project, shall:
         (i)   have its records and accounts referred to
               in paragraph (a) of this Section for each
               fiscal year audited, in accordance with
               generally accepted auditing standards and
               procedures, by independent and qualified
               auditors;
        (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available,
               but in any case not later than six months
               after the end of each such year, a
               certified copy of the report of such
               audit by said auditors, of such scope and
               in such detail as the Bank shall have
               reasonably requested; and
       (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other
               information concerning said records and
               accounts as well as the audit thereof as
               the Bank shall from time to time
               reasonably request.
     (c)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on the basis
of statements of expenditure, or for all expenditures
with respect to which with-drawals were made from the
Special Account, the Guarantor shall provide to the
Borrower all records and accounts necessary to allow the
Borrower to perform its obligations punctually under
Section 5.02 of the Loan Agreement.
     Section 3.11. The Guarantor, through CNA, shall by
March 31, 1991 contract with consultants, under terms of
reference satis-factory to the Bank, to provide CNA with
technical assistance in order to carry out Part B.1 of
the Project.
     Section 3.12. The Guarantor, through IMTA, shall, by
no later than March 1, 1991, enter into a contract with
qualified consultants to provide technical assistance to
IMTA for carrying out Part B.2 of the Project.
     Section 3.13. The Guarantor, through CNA, shall
complete the study comprising Part B.5 (b) of the Project
no later than September 30, 1991 and exchange views with
the Bank regarding the study's recommendations by January
31, 1992.
                      ARTICLE IV
      Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
     Section 4.01. The Director General de Captacion de
Credito Externo of the Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito
Publico of the Guarantor is designated as representative
of the Guarantor for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the
General Conditions.
     Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Guarantor:
          Direccion General de Captacion
               de Credito Externo
          Secretaria de Hacienda y
Page  5
               Credito Publico
          Palacio Nacional, Patio Central,
          Oficina 4025
          06066 Mexico, D.F., Mexico
                                   Telex:
                                      1777313-SHOCME
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
               Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INTBAFRAD              197688 (TRT),
               Washington, D.C.       248423 (RCA),
                                       64145 (WUI) or
                                       82987 (FTCC)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               UNITED MEXICAN STATES
               By /s/ Gustavo Petricioli
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                  RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
               By /s/ Shahid Husain
                                Regional Vice President
                        Latin America and the Caribbean
