Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 1964 VA
             Development Credit Agreement
       (Primary and Secondary Education Project)
                        between
                  REPUBLIC OF VANUATU
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                Dated January 27, 1989
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 1964 VA
             DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated January 27, 1989, between REPUBLIC
OF VANUATU (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association).
     WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as
to the feasibility and priority of the Project described
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has requested the
Association to assist in the financing of the Project;
     (B)  the Borrower intends to obtain from the
Government of Australia, acting through its Australian
International Development Assistance Bureau (AIDAB) a
grant (the AIDAB Grant) in an aggregate amount of
Australian dollars 10,800,000 to assist in financing part
of the Project on the terms and conditions set forth in
an agreement to be entered into between the Borrower and
AIDAB; and
     WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis,
inter alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the
Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Page  2
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January l, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02
deleted (the General Conditions) constitute an integral
part of this Agreement.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions and
in the Preamble to this Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional
term has the following meaning, namely, "Special Account"
means the account referred to in Section 2.02 (b) of this
Agreement.
                      ARTICLE II
                      The Credit
     Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in the Development Credit Agreement, an
amount in various currencies equivalent to six million
three hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR
6,300,000).
     Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be
withdrawn from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule l to this Agreement for
expenditures made (or, if the Association shall so agree,
to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Credit.
     (b)  The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the
Project, open and maintain in United States dollars a
special account in its Central Bank on terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Association. Deposits
into, and payments out of, the Special Account shall be
made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 4 to
this Agreement.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30,
1997 or such later date as the Association shall
establish. The Association shall promptly notify the
Borrower of such later date.
     Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a commitment charge on the principal amount
of the Credit not withdrawn from time to time at a rate
to be set by the Association as of June 30 of each year,
but not to exceed the rate of one-half of one percent
(l/2 of 1%) per annum.
     (b)  The commitment charge shall accrue:
          (i)  from a date sixty days (60) after the
               date of this Agreement (the accrual date)
               to the respective dates on which amounts
               shall be withdrawn by the Borrower from
               the Credit Account or cancelled; and
          (ii) at the rate set as of the June 30
               immediately preceding the accrual date or
               at such other rates as may be set from
               time to time thereafter, pursuant to
               paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of
               June 30 in each year shall be applied as
               of the next payment date in that year
               specified in Section 2.06 of this
               Agreement, except that the rate set as of
               June 30, 1988, shall be applied as of
               July 1, 1988.
Page  3
     (c)  The commitment charge shall be paid:
          (i)  at such places as the Association shall
               reasonably request;
          (ii) without restrictions of any kind imposed
               by, or in the territory of, the Borrower;
               and
          (iii)     in the currency specified in this
                    Agreement for the purposes of
                    Section 4.02 of the General
                    Conditions or in such other eligible
                    currency or currencies as may from
                    time to time be designated or
                    selected pursuant to the provisions
                    of that Section.
     Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a service charge at the rate of three-fourths
of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal
amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time
to time.
     Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges
shall be payable semiannually on March 1 and September 1
in each year.
     Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c)
below, the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Credit in semi-annual installments payable on each
March 1 and September 1  commencing March 1, 1999, and
ending September 1, 2028. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on September 1, 2008
shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and
each installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of
such principal amount.
     (b)  Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national
product per capita, as determined by the Association,
shall have exceeded $790 in constant 1985 dollars for
five consecutive years; and (ii) the Bank shall consider
the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval
thereof by the Executive Directors of the Association and
after due consideration by them of the development of the
Borrower's economy, modify the terms of repayment of
installments under paragraph (a) above by requiring the
Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the
Borrower, the Association may revise such modification to
include, in lieu of some or all of the increase in the
amount of such installments, the payment of interest at
an annual rate agreed with the Association on the
principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding
from time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the
Association, such revision shall not change the grant
element obtained under the above-mentioned repayment
modification.
     (c)  If, at any time after a modification of terms
pursuant to paragraph (b) above, the Association
determines that the Borrower's economic condition has
deteriorated significantly, the Association may, if so
requested by the Borrower, further modify the terms of
repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
     Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of
America is hereby specified for the purposes of Section
Page  4
4.02 of the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE III
               Execution of the Project
     Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, and, to this end, shall
carry out the Project with due diligence and efficiency
and in conformity with appropriate administrative,
educational and financial practices, and shall provide,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and
other resources required for the Project.
     (b)  Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section and except as the Borrower
and the Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower
shall carry out the Project in accordance with an
implementation program satisfactory to the Association.
Such program shall be reviewed and revised, if necessary
by October 31 of each Year, beginning October 31, 1989.
     Section 3.02. (a) Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods, works and
consultants' services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this
Agreement.
     (b)  Without limitation on the foregoing and with
respect to facilities to be constructed under the
Project, the Borrower shall: (i) permit contractors to
import building materials directly; and (ii) provide to
contractors the work permits for importation of skilled
labor unavailable in the Borrower's territory.
     Section 3.03. Not later than one year prior to the
estimated opening of the facilities set out in Part A of
the Project, the Borrower shall furnish to the
Association for comment a staffing plan (including
identification of sources of finance for such staff) for
each such facility and shall thereafter carry out such
plan in accordance with a time schedule satisfactory to
the Association.
     Section 3.04. The Borrower shall furnish to the
Association for comment: (a) the draft program referred
to in Part C(2)(a) of the Project by December 31, 1989;
(b) the study referred to in Part C(2)(b) of the Project,
by December 31, 1990; and (c) the study referred to in
Part C(2)(c) of the Project, by December 31, 1991, and
after the respective dates, shall carry out said program
and recommendations of the studies satisfactory to the
Borrower and the Association in accordance with a time
schedule satisfactory to the Association.
     Section 3.05. The Borrower shall have recruited for
the Planning and Implementation Unit by June 30, 1990; a
Senior Education Officer, Planning; an Education Officer,
Operations; and an Advisor, Implementation.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or
cause to be maintained records and accounts adequate to
reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices the
operations, resources and expenditures in respect of the
Project of the departments or agencies of the Borrower
responsible for carrying out the Project or any part
Page  5
thereof.
     (b)  The Borrower shall:
          (i)  have the records and accounts referred to
               in paragraph (a) of this Section
               including those for the Special Account
               for each fiscal year audited, in
               accordance with appropriate auditing
               principles consistently applied, by
               independent auditors acceptable to the
               Association;
          (ii) furnish to the Association, as soon as
               available, but in any case not later than
               nine months after the end of each such
               year, a certified copy of the report of
               such audit by said auditors, of such
               scope and in such detail as the
               Association shall have reasonably
               requested; and
          (iii)     furnish to the Association such
                    other information concerning said
                    records, accounts and the audit
                    thereof as the Association shall
                    from time to time reasonably
                    request.
     (c)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the
basis of statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
          (i)  maintain or cause to be maintained, in
               accordance with paragraph (a) of this
               Section, records and accounts reflecting
               such expenditures;
          (ii) retain, until at least one year after the
               Association has received the audit report
               for the fiscal year in which the last
               withdrawal from the Credit Account was
               made, all records (contracts, orders,
               invoices, bills, receipts and other
               documents) evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)     enable the Association's
                    representatives to examine such
                    records; and
          (iv) ensure that such records and accounts are
               included in the annual audit referred to
               in paragraph (b) of this Section and that
               the report of such audit contains a
               separate opinion by said auditors as to
               whether the statements of expenditures
               submitted during such fiscal year,
               together with the procedures and internal
               controls involved in their preparation,
               can be relied upon to support the related
               withdrawals.
                       ARTICLE V
              Remedies of the Association
     Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  (i)  that the subject to subparagraph (ii) of
               this paragraph:
Page  6
               (1)  the right of the Borrower to
                    withdraw the proceeds of any grant
                    or loan made to the Borrower for the
                    financing of the Project shall have
                    been suspended, cancelled or
                    terminated in whole or in part,
                    pursuant to the terms of the
                    agreement providing there for, or
               (2)  any such loan shall have become due
                    and payable prior to the agreed
                    maturity thereof.
          (ii) subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall
               not apply if the Borrower establishes to
               the satisfaction of the Association that:
               (1)  such suspension, cancellation,
                    termination or prematuring is not
                    caused by the failure of the
                    Borrower to perform any of its
                    obligations under such agreement;
                    and
               (2)  adequate funds for the Project are
                    available to the Borrower from other
                    sources on terms and conditions
                    consistent with the obligations of
                    the Borrower under this Agreement.
     (b)  unless the Association shall otherwise agree,
the Borrower shall have amended, repealed, abrogated or
waived the plan for consolidating the lower secondary
school expansion program referred to in paragraph 3 (b)
of Schedule 1 to this Agreement or any part thereof.
     Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  that any event specified in paragraph (i)(2) of
Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur, subject to
the proviso of subparagraph (ii) of that paragraph; and
     (b)  that the event specified in paragraph (b) of
Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                      ARTICLE VI
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 6.01. The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of the
Development Credit Agreement within the meaning of
Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
     (a)  the Planning and Implementation Unit referred
to in Part C.1 of Schedule 2 hereto shall have been
established and the following staff shall have been
appointed, all in a manner satisfactory to the
Association:
          Principal Education Officer, Planning and
          Implementation;
          Senior Education Officer, Implementation; and
          Education Officer, Statistics; and
     (b)  all conditions precedent to the effectiveness
of the AIDAB Grant (other than those related to the
Page  7
effectiveness of this Agreement) have been fulfilled.
     Section 6.02. The date ninety (90) days after the
date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the
purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VII
       Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 7.01. The Minister of Finance and Housing of
the Borrower is designated as representative of the
Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
     Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
          Minister of Finance and Housing
          Private Mail Bag
          Port Vila
          Republic of Vanuatu
                                   Telex:
                                        1040 VANGOV NH
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS                  440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA) or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names, as of the day and year first above written.
               REPUBLIC OF VANUATU
               By /s/ Iolu J. Abbil
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/ N. C. Hope
                              Authorized Representative
                                                   Asia
                      SCHEDULE 1
       Withdrawals of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
Page  8
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the
allocation of the amounts of the Credit to each Category
and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                       Amount of the
                     Credit Allocated      % of
                      (Expressed in    Expenditures
   Category           SDR Equivalent) to be Financed
(1)    Civil works (and                 95%
   related profes-
   sional services):
   (a) Part A.1         3,020,000
       of the Project
   (b) Parts B.3(B)       270,000
       and C.1
(2)    Goods              610,000       100% of foreign
                                        expenditures,
   (a) Part A.1 of                      100% of local
       the Project                      expenditures
                                        (ex-factory
   (b) Other than                       cost) and 70%
       Part A.1 of                      of local ex-
       the Project                      penditures for
                                        other items pro-
                                        cured locally
(3)    Consultants'       630,000       100%
   services
(4)    Incremental        200,000       50% of amounts
   recurrent                            incurred in
                                        1988, costs
                                        1989 and 1990;
                                        40% of amounts
                                        incurred in
                                        1991; 30% of
                                        amounts incurred
                                        in 1992; 20% of
                                        amounts incurred
                                        in 1993; 10% of
                                        amounts incurred
                                        in 1994; 5% of
                                        amounts incurred
                                        in 1995
(5)    Unallocated      1,570,000
       TOTAL            6,300,000
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "foreign expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of any country other than
that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from
the territory of any country other than that of the
Borrower;
     (b)  the term "local expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for goods
or services supplied from the territory of the Borrower;
and
     (c)  "incremental recurrent costs" means
expenditures for salaries for new staff under Parts
B.l(b), B.2(c) and C.l of the Project; internal travel
under Parts B.l(b) and B.3(b) of the Project; local
training under Part B.3 (a) of the Project; and
Page  9
distribution of materials under Part B.l(d) of the
Project.
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of: (a) payments
made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement, except that withdrawals, in an aggregate
amount not exceeding the equivalent SDR 190,000, may be
made on account of payments made for expenditures before
that date but after September 1, 1988; and (b) Categories
(l)(a) and (2)(a) on account of payments made for
expenditures with respect to  Part A.1 of the Project
until a plan, satisfactory to the Association, for
consolidating the lower secondary school expansion
program shall be implemented in a manner satisfactory to
the Association.
                      SCHEDULE 2
              Description of the Project
     The objectives of the Project are to provide greater
and more equitable access to secondary education in order
to expand the output of trained manpower, improve the
quality of education at all levels and increase
educational management efficiency.
     The Project consists of the following parts, subject
to such modifications thereof as the Borrower and the
Association may agree upon from time to time to achieve
such objectives:
Part A:
1.   Construction, furnishing and equipping of two lower
secondary schools in the regions of Malakula and Tafea
with a capacity of about 560 students, which schools will
be dual-lingual with two four-year streams each and shall
be designed for academic and administrative facilities,
full boarding facilities for students And accommodations
for teachers.
2.   Construction, furnishing and equipping of
facilities, and provision of staff for, two three-year
upper secondary streams (attached to the existing lower
secondary school at Matevulu) with a capacity of about
200 student places, which facilities shall include
additional academic and administrative facilities and
accommodation for students, teachers and ancillary staff.
Part B:
1.   (a)  Construction, furnishing and equipping of
facilities for a new Development Center on an existing
site near the Vanuatu Institute of Education campus.
     (b)  Strengthening and expansion of the staff of the
Curriculum Development Center. and Provision of funds for
internal travel of such staff.
     (c)  Provision of educational materials in English
and French for Primary and lower secondary schools.
     (d)  Distribution of, and provision of storage
facilities for, the materials in (c) above.
2.   (a)  Improvement, development and delivery of
programs leading to Certificates of Teaching.
     (b)  Training about 50 teachers for lower secondary
schools.
     (c)  Improvement of the Teacher Education Center
Page  10
including provision of equipment and strengthening and
expansion of the staff.
3.   (a)  Establishing and carrying out a program of
in-service training for primary teachers.
     (b)  Construction of office space for Regional
Education Officers' in Efate, Santo and Ambae; provision
of equipment for all five Regional Education offices;
provision of vehicles; and provision of funds for
internal travel for Regional Education Officers and
Pedagogical Advisors.
Part C:
1.   Improving management efficiency of the Ministry of
Education by establishing and staffing a Planning and
Implementation Unit.
2.   Studies, to be carried out by the Planning and
Implementation Unit, on: (a) a draft program for the
reduction, rationalization and redeployment of primary
teaching posts covering the period 1990-95; (b) financing
of education including budgeting criteria and ways to
mobilize non-budget sources of finance; (c) teacher
incentives, with a view to preparing the elements of a
teaching service statute; and (d) preparation for future
investments in the education sector.
Part D:
     To assist in carrying out Parts A through C above,
provision of specialist services and overseas
fellowships.
                        *  *  *
     The Project is expected to be completed by December
31, 1996.
                      SCHEDULE 3
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I. Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
1.   Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works
shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance
with procedures consistent with those set forth in
Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement
under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.   Contracts for the two lower secondary schools shall
be grouped in one bid package.
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A.l hereof, goods
manufactured in Vanuatu may be granted a margin of
preference in accordance with, and subject to, the
provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines
and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Civil works contracts for the Regional Education
Officer offices may be awarded on the basis of
competitive bidding, advertised locally. in accordance
Page  11
with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.   Equipment and furniture may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding
advertised locally, in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Association; provided that equipment
and furniture in packages estimated to cost less than
$25,000 equivalent per contract, up to an aggregate not
to exceed $100,000 equivalent, may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations solicited from a list of at least three
suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance
with procedures acceptable to the Association.
Part D:   Review by the Association of Procurement
Decisions
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to the contract for the two lower
secondary schools and each contract for vehicles, the
procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1
to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished
to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall
be furnished to the Association prior to the making of
the first payment out of the Special Account in respect
of such contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the Association as part
of the evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4
of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
     (c)  The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs
(a) and (b) shall not apply to contracts on account of
which the Association has authorized withdrawals from the
Credit Account on the basis of statements of expenditure.
Such contracts shall be retained in accordance with
Section 4.01 (c) (ii) of this Agreement.
2.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II. Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the
Project, the Borrower shall employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Association. Such
consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank
as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August
1981.
                      SCHEDULE 4
                    Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
Page  12
     (a)  the term "eligible Categories" means Categories
(1), (2), (3) and (4) set forth in the table in paragraph
1 of Schedule (1) to this Agreement;
     (b)  the term "eligible expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit allocated from time to
time to the eligible Categories in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
     (c)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an
amount equivalent to $400,000 to be withdrawn from the
Credit Account and deposited in the Special Account
pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.   Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
payments out of the Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with
the provisions of this Schedule.
3.   After the Association has received evidence
satisfactory to it that the Special Account has been duly
opened, withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and
subsequent withdrawals to replenish the Special Account
may be made as follows:
     (a)  On the basis of a request or requests by the
Borrower for a deposit or deposits which add up to the
aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation, the
Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw
from the Credit Account and deposit in the Special
Account such amount or amounts as the Borrower shall have
requested.
     (b)  The Borrower shall furnish to the Association
requests for replenishment of the Special Account at such
intervals as the Association shall specify. On the basis
of such requests, the Association shall withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such
amounts as shall be required to replenish the Special
Account with amounts not exceeding the amount of payments
made out of the Special Account for eligible
expenditures. All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the
Association from the Credit Account under the respective
eligible Categories, and in the respective equivalent
amounts, as shall have been justified by the evidence
supporting the request for such deposit furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of the
Special Account for which the Borrower requests
replenishment pursuant to paragraph 3 (b) of this
Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association,
prior to or at the time of such request, such documents
and other evidence as the Association shall reasonably
request, showing that such payment was made for eligible
expenditures.
5.   (a)  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3
of this Schedule, no further deposit into the Special
Account shall be made by the Association when either of
the following situations first arises:
          (i)  the Association shall have determined
               that all further withdrawals should be
               made by the Borrower directly from the
               Credit Account in accordance with the
               provisions of Article V of the General
               Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section
               2.02 of this Agreement; or
Page  13
          (ii) the total unwithdrawn amount of the
               Credit allocated to the eligible
               Categories minus the amount of any
               outstanding special commitment entered
               into by the Association pursuant to
               Section 5.02 of the General Conditions
               with respect to the Project, shall be
               equal to the equivalent of twice the
               amount of the Authorized Allocation.
     (b)  Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account
of the remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to  the eligible Categories shall follow such
procedures as the Association shall specify by notice to
the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only
after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit
in the Special Account as of the date of such notice will
be utilized in making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.   (a)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any payment out of the Special Account (i) was
made for any expenditure or in any amount not eligible
pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule, or (ii) was not
justified by the evidence furnished pursuant to paragraph
4 of this Schedule, the Borrower shall, promptly upon
notice from the Association deposit into the Special
Account (or, if the Association shall so request, refund
to the Association) an amount equal to the amount of such
payment or the portion thereof not so eligible or
justified. No further deposit by the Association into the
Special Account shall be made until the Borrower has made
such deposit or refund.
     (b)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any amount outstanding in the Special Account
will not be required to cover further payments for
eligible expenditures, the Borrower shall, promptly upon
notice from the Association, refund to the Association
such outstanding amount for crediting to the Credit
Account.
