Page  1
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2098-TA
             Development Credit Agreement
            (Health and Nutrition Project)
                        between
              UNITED REPUBLIC OF TANZANIA
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  Dated March 7, 1990
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2098-TA
             DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated March 7, 1990, between UNITED
REPUBLIC OF TANZANIA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association).
     WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as
to the feasibility and priority of the Project described
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has requested the
Association to assist in the financing of the Project;
     (B)  the Borrower has requested from the Swiss
Confederation a non-reimbursable contribution (the Swiss
Contribution) in an amount approximately equivalent to
$12,200,000 to assist in financing Part C of the Project
on the terms and conditions set forth in an
intergovernmental agreement to be entered into between
the Borrower and Switzerland; and
     (C)  the Borrower intends to obtain from the Kingdom
of Denmark, through the Danish International Development
Association (DANIDA), a grant (the DANIDA Grant) in an
amount approximately equivalent to $1,300,000 to assist
in financing the Project;
     (D)  the Borrower intends to obtain from the Kingdom
of Belgium a grant (the Belgian Grant) in an amount
approximately equivalent to $1700,000 to assist in
financing the Project;
     (E)  the Borrower intends to obtain from the United
Nations Fund for Population Activities (UNFPA), a grant
(the UNFPA Grant) in an amount approximately equivalent
to $700,000 to assist in financing the Project;
     WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis,
Page  2
inter alia of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the
Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02
deleted (the General Conditions) constitute an integral
part of this Agreement.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions and
in the Preamble to this Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional
terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "Special Accounts" means the accounts referred
to in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
     (b)  "MOH" means the Borrower's Ministry of Health;
     (c)  "MLG" means the Borrower's Ministry of Local
Government, Community Development, Cooperatives and
Marketing;
     (d)  "CMS" means the Borrower's Central Medical
Stores within MOH;
     (e)  "PHC" means Primary Health Care;
     (f)  "PHN" means Population, Health and Nutrition;
     (g)  "TCPD" means the Tanzanian Council for
Population and
Development;
     (h)  "TFNC" means the Tanzania Food and Nutrition
Centre;
     (i)  "PSN" means the Program Support Network in MLG;
     (j)  "DMDT" means the Department of Manpower
Development and Training in MOH;
     (k)  "PCC" means the Project Coordination Committee
to be established by the Borrower under the Project;
     (l)  "Basic Package" means the basic package of PHC
inputs for the initial implementation of the revised PHC
Strategy in five of the ten selected districts under Part
B of the Project; and
     (m)  "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the
Borrower pursuant to an exchange of letters dated June
22, 1989, and July 14, 1989, between the Borrower and the
Association.
                      ARTICLE II
                      The Credit
     Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in this Agreement, an amount in various
Page  3
currencies equivalent to thirty-six million one hundred
thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 36,100,000).
     Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be
withdrawn from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for
expenditures made (or, if the Association shall so agree,
to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Credit.
     (b)  The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the
Project, open and maintain in dollars two special
accounts (the MOH Special Account and the MLG Special
Account) in its Central Bank on terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Association. Deposits into, and
payments out of the Special Accounts shall be made in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 5 to this
Agreement.
     (c)  Promptly after the Effective Date, the
Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw
from the Credit Account and pay to itself the amount
required to repay the principal amount of the Project
Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of such
date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The
unwithdrawn balance of the authorized amount of the
Project Preparation Advance shall thereupon be cancelled.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30,
1996, or such later date as the Association shall
establish. The Association shall promptly notify the
Borrower of such later date.
     Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a commitment charge on the principal amount
of the Credit not withdrawn from time to time at a rate
to be set by the Association as of June 30 of each year,
but not to exceed the rate of one-half of one percent
(1/2 of 1%) per annum.
     (b)  The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from
the date sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the
accrual date) to the respective dates on which amounts
shall be withdrawn by the Borrower from the Credit
Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate set as of the
June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at
such other rates as may be set from time to time
thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a) above. The rate set
as of June 30 in each year shall be applied from the next
date in that year specified in Section 2.06 of this
Agreement.
     (c)  The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at
such places as the Association shall reasonably request;
(ii) without restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in
the territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency
specified in this Agreement for the purposes of Section
4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other eligible
currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that
Section.
     Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a service charge at the rate of three-fourths
of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal
amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time
to time.
     Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges
shall be payable semiannually on June 15 and December 15
Page  4
in each year.
     Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c)
below, the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Credit in semi-annual installments payable on each
June 15 and December 15 commencing June 15, 2000, and
ending December 15, 2029. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on December 15, 2009,
shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and
each installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of
such principal amount.
     (b)  Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national
product per capita, as determined by the Association,
shall have exceeded $790 in constant 1985 dollars for
five consecutive years; and (ii) the Bank shall consider
the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval
thereof by the Executive Directors of the Association and
after due consideration by them of the development of the
Borrower's economy, modify the terms of repayment of
installments under paragraph (a) above by requiring the
Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the
Borrower, the Association may revise such modification to
include, in lieu of some or all of the increase in the
amounts of such installments, the payment of interest at
an annual rate agreed with the Association on the
principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding
from time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the
Association, such revision shall not change the F@rant
element obtained under the above-mentioned repayment
modification.
     (c)  if, at any time after a modification of terms
pursuant to paragraph (b) above, the Association
determines that the Borrower's economic condition has
deteriorated significantly, the Association may, if so
requested by the Borrower, further modify the terms of
repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
     Section 2.08. The currency of the United Kingdom of
Great Britain and Northern Ireland is hereby specified
for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                      ARTICLE III
               Execution of the Project
     Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and, to this end, shall
carry out Parts A.1 through A.4 of the Project through
MCH, Part A.5 of the Project through the Planning
Commission and Parts B and C of the Project through MLG,
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial and public health
practices, and shall provide, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for the Project.
     (b)  Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section and except as the Borrower
and the Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower
shall carry out the Project in accordance with the
Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 4 to this
Agreement.
     Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall
Page  5
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods, works and
consultants' services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this
Agreement.
     Section 3.03. The Borrower shall by: (a) December
31, 1991, furnish to the Association on its review and
comments, the draft health manpower plan under Part A of
the Project; and (b) July 1, 1992 commence implementation
of the health manpower plan taking the Association's
comments into account.
     Section 3.04. The Borrower shall by July 1, 1991:
(a) increase the share of its recurrent budget allocated
to the health sector to a level satisfactory to the
Association; and (b) adopt an improved incentives package
for health sector staff.
     Section 3.05. The Borrower shall, by April 30, 1992,
furnish to the Association for its review and comments,
a plan of action for long-term financing of the health
sector, and promptly thereafter commence implementation
of such plan of action, taking the Association's comments
into account.
     Section 3.06. The Borrower shall, by July 1, 1992,
review with the Association the study of the domestic
pharmaceuticals industry under Part A of the Project and
agree on a plan of action based on such review.
     Section 3.07. The Borrower shall by May 31 in each
year agree with the Association on adequate budgetary
provision for the Project and ensure that these funds are
allocated in a timely manner.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or
cause to be maintained records and accounts adequate to
reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices the
operations, resources and expenditures in respect of the
Project of the departments or agencies of the Borrower
responsible for carrying out the Project or any part
thereof.
     (b)  The Borrower shall:
          (i)  have the records and accounts referred to
               in paragraph (a) of this Section
               including those for the Special Accounts
               for each fiscal year audited, in
               accordance with appropriate auditing
               principles consistently applied, by
               independent auditors acceptable to the
               Association;
          (ii) furnish to the Association, as soon as
               available, but in any case not later than
               nine months after the end of each such
               year, a certified copy of the report of
               such audit by said auditors, of such
               scope and in such detail as the
               Association shall have reasonably
               requested; and
          (ii) furnish to the Association such other
               information concerning said records,
               accounts and the audit thereof as the
               Association shall from time to time
Page  6
               reasonably request.
     (c)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the
basis of statements of expenditures, the Borrower shall:
          (i)  maintain or cause to be maintained, in
               accordance with paragraph (a) of this
               Section, records and accounts reflecting
               such expenditures;
          (ii) retain, until at least one year after the
               Association has received the audit for
               the fiscal year in which the last
               withdrawal from the Credit Account was
               made, all records (contracts, orders,
               invoices, bills, receipts and other
               documents) evidencing such expenditures;
         (iii) enable the Association's
               representatives to examine such
               records; and
          (iv) ensure that such records and accounts are
               included in the annual audit referred to
               in paragraph (b) of this Section and that
               the report of such audit contains a
               separate opinion by said auditors as to
               whether the statements of expenditure
               submitted during such fiscal year,
               together with the procedures and internal
               controls involved in their preparation
               can be relied upon to support the related
               withdrawals.
                       ARTICLE V
              Remedies of the Association
     Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  The Swiss Contribution Agreement shall have
failed to become effective by June 30, 1991, or such
later date as the Association may agree, provided,
however, that the provisions of this paragraph shall not
apply if the Borrower establishes to the satisfaction of
the Association that adequate funds for the Project are
available to the Borrower from other sources on terms and
conditions consistent with the obligations of the
Borrower under this Agreement.
     (b)  (i)  Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this
               paragraph the right of the Borrower to
               withdraw the proceeds of the Swiss
               Contribution, DANIDA Grant, Belgian Grant
               or UNFPA Grant made to the Borrower for
               the financing of the Project shall have
               been suspended, cancelled or terminated
               in whole or in part, pursuant to the
               terms of the agreement providing
               therefor, or
          (ii) Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall
               not apply if the Borrower establishes to
               the satisfaction of the Association that:
               (A) such suspension, cancellation,
               termination or prematuring is not caused
               by the failure of the Borrower to perform
               any of its obligations under such
               agreement; and (B) adequate funds for the
Page  7
               Project are available to the Borrower
               from other sources on terms and
               conditions consistent with the
               obligations of the Borrower under this
               Agreement.
                      ARTICLE VI
                      Termination
     Section 6.01. The date ninety (90) days after the
date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the
purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VII
       Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 7.01. The Minister of the Borrower at the
time responsible for finance is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
     Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
          Ministry of Finance
          P.O. Box 9111
          Dar es Salaam
          United Republic of Tanzania
          Cable address:                Telex:
               TREASURY                 41329
               Dar es Salaam
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS                  440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA) or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               UNITED REPUBLIC OF TANZANIA
               By /s/ Ali A. Karume
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
Page  8
               By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                Regional Vice President
                                                 Africa
                      SCHEDULE 1
       Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the
allocation of the amounts of the Credit to each Category
and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                       Amount of the
                     Credit Allocated      % of
                      (Expressed in    Expenditures
   Category           SDR Equivalent) to be Financed
(1)     Part A of the
   Project:
   (a) Civil works:                     100% of foreign
                                        expenditures and
                                        85% of local
                                        expenditures
       (i) for Part A.2   760,000
            of the Project
       (ii) for Part A.31,500,000
            of the Project
   (b) Vehicles, furni- 2,270,000       100% of foreign
       ture, equipment                  expenditures and
       and supplies                     85% of local
                                        expenditures
   (c) Consultants'     1,290,000       100%
       services and
       training
   (d) Eligible travel    110,000       100%
       and per them
       expenditures
   (e) Pharmaceuticals 21,190,000       100%
   (f) Overseas training  200,000       100%
(2)    Part B of the
   Project:
   (a) Civil works      1,820,000       100% of foreign
                                        expenditures and
                                        85% of local
                                        expenditures
   (b) Vehicles, furni- 4,390,000       100% of foreign
       ture, equipment                  expenditures and
       and supplies                     85% of local
                                        expenditures
   (c) Consultants'       530,000       100%
       services and
       training
   (d) Eligible travel    230,000       100%
       and per them
       expenditures
Page  9
(3)    Refunding of       380,000       Amount due pur-
   Project Prepara-                     suant to Section
   tion Advance                         2.02 (c) of this
                                        Agreement
(4)    Unallocated      1,430,000
       TOTAL           36,100,000
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "foreign expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of any country other than
that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from
the territory of any country other than that of the
Borrower;
     (b)  the term "local expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for goods
or services supplied from the territory of the Borrower;
and
     (c)  "eligible travel and per them expenditures"
means incremental travel and per them for activities
under Parts A.1 (a), A.1 (b) and B of the Project.
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
     (a)  payments made for expenditures prior to the
date of this Agreement;
     (b)  payments made for expenditures under Category
(1) (a) (ii) until the Borrower has adopted a revised
institutional structure for CMS satisfactory to the
Association and the Association is satisfied with the
plan of action for the rehabilitation of CMS:
     (c)  payments made for expenditures incurred in any
particular district from Categories (2) (a) through (2)
(d), except payments for expenditures with respect to the
Basic Package, until: (i) the Borrower has complied with
the provisions of paragraph 4 (d) of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement; and (ii) the Association has approved the
district health plan for the district concerned; and
     (d)  payments Trade for expenditures under Category
(1) (f) until the Borrower has complied with the
provisions of paragraph 2 (c) of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement.
4.   (a)  No withdrawal shall be made and no commitment
shall be entered into to pay amounts to or on the order
of the Borrower in respect of expenditures to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit allocated to Category
(1) (e) in the table in paragraph 1 above after the
aggregate of the proceeds of the Credit withdrawn from
the Credit Account for said Category (1) (e) and the
total amount of such commitments shall have reached the
equivalent of SDR 7,570,000 unless the Association shall
be satisfied with the evidence furnished by the Borrower
on the progress in the implementation of reforms in the
pricing, financing and budgeting, and capacity-building
in the procurement of pharmaceuticals; and (b) no further
withdrawals shall be made and no commitment shall be
entered into to pay amounts to or on the order of the
Borrower in respect of expenditures to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Credit allocated to Category (1) (e)
in the table in paragraph 1 above after the aggregate
proceeds of the Credit withdrawn from the Credit Account
for said Category (1) (e) and the total amount of such
commitments shall have reached the equivalent of SDR
14,380,000 unless the Association shall be satisfied with
Page  10
the evidence that the Borrower has commenced
implementation of the resource mobilization measures for
the health sector included in the plan of action referred
to in Section 3.05 of this Agreement.
                      SCHEDULE 2
              Description of the Project
     The objectives of the Project are to support the
Borrower's efforts to raise the quality, coverage and
effectiveness of family planning, nutrition and basic
health services in urban and rural areas.
     The Project consists of the following parts, subject
to such modifications thereof as the Borrower and the
Association may agree upon from time to time to achieve
such objectives:
Part A:   Strengthening National PHN Systems
1.   Health Planning, Policy Formulation and Information
System
     (a)  Strengthening of the planning and policy
formulation capability of MOH, through staff training and
the acquisition of equipment and supplies for the
Planning Department of MOH;
     (b)  carrying out policy oriented studies on the
long-term financing options of the health sector and the
financial and economic feasibility of the domestic
pharmaceuticals industry;
     (c)  establishment and implementation of an
integrated health information system at the central,
regional and district levels, including acquisition of
necessary computers, software and supplies, and the
training of staff; and
     (d)  strengthening Project Coordination in MOH.
2.   Manpower Development and Training
     (a)  formulation of a manpower plan for the health
sector;
     (b)  strengthening of DMDT through its
reorganization including the addition of an inspectorate,
the training of staff and acquisition of equipment and
supplies;
     (c)  expansion of in-service training of health
workers at the district level, including acquisition of
equipment, teaching materials and transportation; and
     (d)  upgrading of five training schools to enable
them to function as zonal training centers for the
training of district health teams.
3.   Pharmaceutical and Medical Supply System
     (a)  Acquisition and essential pharmaceuticals and
medical supplies.
     (b)  reform of the pricing, financing, budgeting and
procurement systems for pharmaceuticals and medical
supplies;
     (c)  formulation of a master plan of CMS;
     (d)  rehabilitation of the CMS and strengthening of
the CMS maintenance system through acquisition of
Page  11
supplies and training of maintenance staff based on the
CMS master plan; and
     (e)  training of CMS staff in management and
procurement.
4.   Micro-Nutrient Deficiency Control Programs
     Support to the Borrower's five-year programs to
combat iron and Vitamin A deficiencies through training,
promotion and production of iron and Vitamin A-rich
foods, public education, laboratory development and
support for research.
5.   National Population Policy
     Support for TCPD and its secretariat to oversee the
implementation of the Borrower's National Population
Policy, including the training of staff, acquisition of
equipment and supplies, renovation of office space,
research on population and the creation of a National
Population Information Center.
Part B:   Rural Primary Health Care
     Implementation of the revised PHC Strategy in ten
selected districts involving:
     (1)  community mobilization for PHC activities at
the village level and support to village PHC initiatives,
including, inter alia, nutrition programs, rehabilitation
of health facilities and improved water supplies;
     (2)  strengthening of district PHC Systems based on
District Health Plans, including training of the district
management team in community mobilization, management
planning and financial control, acquisition of vehicles
for the DMOs and appropriate forms of transportation for
other key staff, acquisition of supplies and furniture,
rehabilitation of facilities and strengthening of
maintenance services;
     (3)  strengthening of the District Health Referral
System, including the rehabilitation of high priority
facilities in five of the selected districts; and
     (4)  management, monitoring and evaluation of above
activities by PSN.
Part C:   Urban Primary Health Care
     Implementation of a comprehensive program of urban
PHC in the Dar es Salaam Region, focusing on:
     (1)  strengthening of PHC management and health
information system in Dar es Salaam, including training
of the Dar es Salaam City Medical Officer of Health and
three DMOs in management, planning and financial control,
the provision of office space and the acquisition of
vehicles, equipment and supplies;
     (2)  strengthening of community participation and
district PHC committees at village, ward and district
level, through training of members in PHC strategy,
acquisition of vehicles and support to urban community
PHC initiatives;
     (3)  rehabilitation of the basic urban health
network, including dispensaries, health centers and
district hospitals in the Dar es Salaam area;
Page  12
     (4)  establishment of an effective urban health
maintenance system;
     (5)  construction of a limited number of PHC
facilities in under-served areas of Dar es Salaam;
     (6)  acquisition of basic diagnostic equipment and
medical supplies for all health facilities in Dar es
Salaam; and
     (7)  carrying out of operations research on key
health related areas, including nutritional interventions
targeted to women and children in low-income households.
                       *   *   *
     The Project is expected to be completed by December
31, 1995.
                      SCHEDULE 3
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
1.   Except as provided in Part D hereof, goods and works
shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance
with procedures consistent with those set forth in
Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement
under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.   To the extent practicable, contracts for civil works
shall be grouped in bid packages estimated to cost the
equivalent of $250,000 or more each.
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A.1 hereof, goods
manufactured in Tanzania may be granted a margin of
preference in accordance with, and subject to, the
provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines
and paragraphs I through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Preference for Domestic Contractors
     In the procurement of works in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A.1 hereof, the Borrower may
grant a margin of preference to domestic contractors in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraph
5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Civil works for Part A of the Project estimated to
cost less than the equivalent of $250,000 per contract,
up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent of
$2,000,000, and supplies estimated to cost less than
$100,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount not to
exceed the equivalent of $800,000, may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding
advertised locally in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Association.
2.   Goods estimated to cost less than the equivalent of
$100,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount not to
exceed the equivalent of $3,100,000, may be procured
under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of
Page  13
price quotations solicited from a list of at least three
suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance
with procedures acceptable to the Association.
3.   Civil works under Part B of the Project, up to an
aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent of
$400,000, may be carried out by force account in the
Districts concerned.
Part E:   Review by the Association of Procurement
Decisions
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each contract estimated to cost
the equivalent of $100,000 or more the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract
are to be made out of the Special Accounts, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished
to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall
be furnished to the Association prior to the making of
the first payment out of the respective Special Account
in respect of such contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Accounts, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the Association as part
of the evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4
of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
2.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the
Project, the Borrower shall employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Association. Such
consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank
as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August
1981.
                      SCHEDULE 4
                Implementation Program
Project Coordination
1.   (a)  In order to coordinate Project activities, the
Borrower shall maintain until completion of the Project,
a Project Coordination Committee, comprising
representatives of MOH, MLG, MOF, the Planning
Commission, TFNC and the Dar es Salaam City Council, and
chaired by the Permanent Secretary of MOH. The PCC shall
meet at least once every quarter to review progress in
implementing the Project and resolve any outstanding
issues.
     (b)  The Borrower and the Association shall by May
Page  14
31, in each year undertake a comprehensive annual joint
review of the Project.
2.   Part A of the Project
     (a)  Part A of the Project shall be managed by MOH
and a project coordinator from the MOH Planning
Department shall coordinate Project implementation. He
shall be assisted by an accountant and a procurement
officer with qualifications satisfactory to the
Association. The Project Coordinator shall liaise with
the Planning Department for Part A.1, DMDT for Part A.2,
CMS and the Department of Hospital Services for Part A.3
and TFNC for Part A.4.
     (b)  The Borrower shall by July 1, 1993, strengthen
the MOH Planning Department by a net increase of six
staff, filling the existing vacancies for a Public Health
Specialist, Senior Economist, Senior Statistician,
Epidemiologist, Health Economist and Economist.
     (c)  The Borrower shall adopt a plan of action for
the strengthening of DMDT, satisfactory to the
Association, which shall include, inter alia, the
addition of an inspectorate, the timely appointment of
suitably qualified staff to fill the positions of
inspector and of head of the Basic Education (Allied
Health) Unit, the clear delineation of responsibilities
among staff for technical, logistic and administrative
functions, and a timetable for upgrading staff skills to
suit the DMDT's enhanced responsibilities.
     (d)  The Borrower shall ensure that candidates for
external training under Part 2 (b) of the Project shall
be selected in accordance with criteria satisfactory to
the Association.
     (e)  TFNC shall coordinate the other agencies
involved in the execution of the micro-nutrient
deficiency control programs under Part A.4. The Borrower
shall by December 31, 1992, undertake a mid-term
evaluation of the programs, according to protocols
acceptable to the Association, and review the results of
the evaluation with the Association.
     (f)  The PHC Secretariat, reporting to the Chief
Medical Officer shall be responsible for preparing and
refining the PHC strategy.
3.   Part B of the Project
     (a)  Part B of the Project shall be managed by MLC
and a project coordinator from the Department of Local
Government shall be responsible for management,
monitoring and evaluation of Part B of the Project and
shall head the PSN. He shall be assisted by an accountant
and a procurement officer whose qualifications shall be
satisfactory to the Association. The Borrower shall by
December 31, 1990, appoint a community development
specialist an@ assign a civil engineer from the Ministry
of Works to PSN, all with qualifications satisfactory to
the Association. The primary medical services unit within
MOH shall be responsible for providing technical guidance
to PSN and shall assign a public health specialist in the
unit, on a full time basis to assist PSN in implementing
Part B of the Project.
     (b)  Execution of Part B shall be the responsibility
of the ten district governments. The DMO in each district
shall take overall responsibility for supervising
implementation.
Page  15
4.   (a)  The Borrower shall by December 31, 1990, agree
with the Association on:
          (i)  the revised PHC Strategy;
          (ii) guidelines for the rehabilitation of the
               district health referral system in the
               ten selected districts;
         (iii) the list of criteria for evaluating
               the performance of districts under
               the Project; and
          (iv) guidelines for the preparation of
               district health plans.
     (b)  The Borrower shall by November 30 in each year,
for each of the ten selected districts furnish to the
Association for its approval, the district health plans
for the forthcoming year, developed in accordance with
the agreed guidelines. During the first two years of
Project implementation, as the ten districts will be in
different stages of starting up, this provision shall be
waived, although the Borrower shall still seek the
Association's approval prior to the implementation of
such plans.
     (c)  In order to facilitate the implementation of
Part B of the Project, the Borrower shall maintain in
each of the ten selected districts an account, to be
called Account No. 6 through which funds for Part B of
the Project will pass with the DMO as the first
signatory.
     (d)  The Borrower shall, in each selected district,
appoint an Officer in Charge of the district hospital,
reporting to the DMO, thereby releasing the DMO from the
day-to-day management of the hospital.
     (e)  The Borrower shall: (i) by June 30, 1991, agree
with the Association on protocols to be used in
evaluating the implementation of the revised PHC
Strategy; and (ii) by December 31, 1992, undertake a mid-
term evaluation of the implementation of the revised PHC
strategy, according to such protocols acceptable to the
Association, and review the results of such evaluation
with the Association.
5.   Part C of the Project
     The Borrower shall implement Part C of the Project
in accordance with the terms of the intergovernmental
agreement referred to in paragraph B of the Preamble to
this Agreement.
                      SCHEDULE 5
                   Special Accounts
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "eligible Categories" means Category
(1) (a) through (e) (for the MOH Special Account) and
Category (2) (a) through (d) (for the MLG Special
Account) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
     (b)  the term "eligible expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit allocated from time to
time to the eligible Categories in accordance with the
Page  16
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
     (c)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an
amount equivalent to $1,250,000 or the MOH Special
Account and $750,000 for the MLG Special Account to be
withdrawn from the Credit Account and deposited into the
Special Accounts pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.   Payments out of the Special Accounts shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with
the provisions of this Schedule.
3.   After the Association has received evidence
satisfactory to it that the Special Accounts have been
duly opened, withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and
subsequent withdrawals to replenish the Special Accounts
shall be made as follows:
     (a)  For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation,
the Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request
or requests for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed
the aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation. On the
basis of such request or requests, the Association shall,
on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit
Account and deposit into the respective Special Account
such amount or amounts as the Borrower shall have
requested.
     (b)  (i) For replenishment of the respective Special
Account, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
requests for deposits into the Special Account at such
intervals as the Association shall specify.
          (ii) Prior to, or at the time of each such
               request, the Borrower shall furnish to
               the Association the documents and other
               evidence required pursuant to paragraph 4
               of this Schedule for the payment or
               payments in respect of which
               replenishment is requested. On the basis
               of each such request, the Association
               shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
               withdraw from the Credit Account and
               deposit into the respective Special
               Accounts such amounts as the Borrower
               shall have requested and as shall have
               been shown by said documents and other
               evidence to have been paid out of the
               respective Special Accounts for eligible
               expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association
from the Credit Account under the respective eligible
Categories, and in the respective equivalent amounts, as
shall have been justified by said documents and other
evidence.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of the
Special Accounts, the Borrower shall, at such time as the
Association shall reasonably request, furnish to the
Association such documents and other evidence showing
that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
expenditures.
5.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of
this Schedule, the Association shall not be required to
make further deposits into the Special Accounts:
     (a)  if, at any time, the Association shall have
determined that all further withdrawals should be made by
the Borrower directly from the Credit Account in
Page  17
accordance with the provisions of Article V of the
General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
     (b)  once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of
any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General
Conditions with respect to the Project, shall equal the
equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized
Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to
the eligible Categories shall follow such procedures as
the Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower.
Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and to
the extent that the Association shall have been satisfied
that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
respective Special Accounts as of the date of such notice
will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.   (a)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any payment out of the Special Accounts: (i)
was made for an expenditure or in an amount not eligible
pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule; (ii) was not
justified by the evidence furnished to the Association,
the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the
Association (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request, or (B) deposit into the
respective Special Accounts (or, if the Association shall
so request, refund to the Association) an amount equal to
the amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so
eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall
otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Association
into the respective Special Accounts shall be made until
the Borrower has provided such evidence or made such
deposit or refund, as the case may be.
     (b)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any amount outstanding in the Special Accounts
will not be required to cover further payments for
eligible expenditures, the Borrower shall, promptly upon
notice from the Association, refund to the Association
such outstanding amount.
     (c)  The Borrower may, upon notice to the
Association, refund to the Association all or any portion
of the funds on deposit in the Special Accounts.
     (d)  Refunds to the Association made pursuant to
paragraph 6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be
credited to the Credit Account for subsequent withdrawal
or for cancellation in accordance with the relevant
provisions of this Agreement, including the General
Conditions.
