Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3702 PH
            (Leyte-Cebu Geothermal Project -- PNOC-EDC)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
  PHILIPPINE NATIONAL OIL COMPANY ENERGY DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION
                       Dated March 11, 1994
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3702 PH
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated March 11, 1994, between INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the "Bank") and PHILIPPINE
NATIONAL OIL COMPANY ENERGY DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION ("PNOC-EDC").
      WHEREAS: (A) By the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Philippine National Oil Company (the "Borrower") and the
Bank, the Bank has agreed to make available to the Borrower an
amount in various currencies equivalent to sixty-four million
dollars ($64,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Loan Agreement, but only on condition that PNOC-EDC agree to
undertake such obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this
Agreement;
      WHEREAS: (B) By a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and PNOC-EDC, the proceeds of the loan provided
for under the Loan Agreement will be relent to PNOC-EDC on the terms
and conditions set forth in the said Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS: (C) PNOC-EDC, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake
the obligations set forth in this Agreement.
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Preamble to this Agreement, the Loan
Agreement and the General Conditions (as so defined) have the
respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. PNOC-EDC declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
economic, energy, engineering, financial, administrative and
environmental practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for the Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. PNOC-EDC shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and
land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement
and the Project.
      Section 2.04. PNOC-EDC shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree, PNOC-EDC shall not take or concur in any action
which would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or
waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) PNOC-EDC shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to the progress of the
Project, the performance of its obligations under this Agreement and
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters relating to
the purposes of the Loan.
      (b) PNOC-EDC shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of the
Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Loan, or the
performance by PNOC-EDC of its obligations under this Agreement and
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
               Management and Operations of PNOC-EDC
      Section 3.01. PNOC-EDC shall carry on its operations and
conduct its affairs in accordance with sound administrative,
financial, and engineering practices under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. PNOC-EDC shall at all times operate and maintain
its plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound administrative, financial, and
Page  3
engineering practices.
      Section 3.03. PNOC-EDC shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Bank for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall
be consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) PNOC-EDC shall maintain separate records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   PNOC-EDC shall:
            (i)    have its records, accounts and financial
                   statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                   and expenses and related statements) for each
                   Fiscal Year audited, in accordance with
                   appropriate auditing principles consistently
                   applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                   the Bank;
         (ii)      furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six (6) months after the
                   end of each such year, (A) certified copies of
                   its financial statements for such year as so
                   audited and (B) the report of such audit by said
                   auditors of such scope and in such detail as the
                   Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
        (iii)      furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records, accounts and financial
                   statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                   Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditures, PNOC-EDC shall:
            (i)    maintain, in accordance with paragraph (a) of
                   this Section, records and accounts reflecting
                   such expenditures;
           (ii)    retain, until at least one (1) year after the
                   Bank has received the audit report for the
                   fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from
                   the Loan Account was made, all records
                   (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts
                   and other documents) evidencing such
                   expenditures;
          (iii)    enable the Bank's representatives to examine
                   such records; and
           (iv)    ensure that such records and accounts are
                   included in the annual audit referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during such Fiscal Year,
                   together with the procedures and internal
                   controls involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
      Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
PNOC-EDC shall maintain a ratio of current assets to current
liabilities of not less than 1.0.
      (b) Before November 15 in each of its Fiscal Years, PNOC-EDC
Page  4
shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by PNOC-EDC and
satisfactory to the Bank, review whether it would meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) in respect of such year, and
the next following Fiscal Year, and shall furnish to the Bank the
results of such review upon its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that PNOC-EDC would not meet
the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for PNOC-EDC's Fiscal
Years covered by such review, PNOC-EDC shall promptly take all
necessary measures (including without limitation, adjustments of the
structure or levels of its rates) in order to meet such
requirements.
      (d)  For the purposes of this Section:
           (i)     The term "current assets" means cash, all assets
                   which could in the ordinary course of business
                   be converted into cash within twelve (12)
                   months, including accounts receivable,
                   marketable securities, inventories and pre-paid
                   expenses properly chargeable to operating
                   expenses within the next Fiscal Year.
            (ii)   The term "current liabilities" means all
                   liabilities which will become due and payable or
                   could under circumstances then existing be
                   called for payment within twelve (12) months,
                   including accounts payable, customer advances,
                   debt service requirements, taxes and payments in
                   lieu of taxes, and dividends.
            (iii)  Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                   shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                   currency of the Guarantor, debt payable in
                   another currency, such valuation shall be made
                   on the basis of the prevailing lawful rate of
                   exchange at which such other currency is, at the
                   time of such valuation, obtainable for the
                   purposes of servicing such debt, or, in the
                   absence of such rate, on the basis of a rate of
                   exchange acceptable to the Bank.
      Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
PNOC-EDC shall not incur any debt, if after the incurrence of such
debt the ratio of debt to equity shall be greater than 70 to 30.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    The term "debt" means any indebtedness of PNOC-
                   EDC maturing by its terms more than one (1) year
                   after the date on which it is originally
                   incurred, excluding inter-company advances
                   classified as debt.
            (ii)   Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under a
                   loan contract or agreement or other instrument
                   providing for such debt or for the modification
                   of its terms of payment, on the date, and to the
                   extent, the amount of such debt has become
                   outstanding pursuant to such contract, agreement
                   or instrument; and (B) under a guarantee
                   agreement, on the date the agreement providing
                   for such guarantee has been entered into but
                   only to the extent that the guaranteed debt is
                   outstanding.
            (iii)  The term "equity" means the sum of the total
                   unimpaired paid-up capital, retained earnings
                   and reserves of PNOC-EDC not allocated to cover
                   specific liabilities.
            (iv)   Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
Page  5
                   shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                   currency of the Guarantor, debt payable in
                   another currency, such valuation shall be made
                   on the basis of the prevailing lawful rate of
                   exchange at which such other currency is, at the
                   time of such valuation obtainable for the
                   purposes of servicing such debt, or, in the
                   absence of such rate, on the basis of a rate of
                   exchange acceptable to the Bank.
      Section 4.04 (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
PNOC-EDC shall not incur any debt unless a reasonable forecast of
the revenues and expenditures of PNOC-EDC shows that the estimated
net revenues of PNOC-EDC for each Fiscal Year during the term of the
debt to be incurred shall be at least 1.25 times the estimated debt
service requirements of PNOC-EDC in such year on all debt of PNOC-
EDC including the debt to be incurred.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    The term "debt" means any indebtedness of PNOC-
                   EDC maturing by its terms more than one (1) year
                   after the date on which it is originally
                   incurred, excluding inter-company advances
                   classified as debt.
            (ii)   Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under a
                   loan contract or agreement or other instrument
                   providing for such debt or for the modification
                   of its terms of payment on the date of such
                   contract, agreement or instrument; and (B) under
                   a guarantee agreement, on the date the agreement
                   providing for such guarantee has been entered
                   into.
            (iii)  The term "net revenues" means the difference
                   between:
                   (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources
                         related to operations and net non-
                         operating income; and
                   (B)   the sum of all expenses related to
                         operations including administration,
                         adequate maintenance, taxes and payments
                         in lieu of taxes, but excluding provision
                         for depreciation, other non-cash operating
                         charges and interest and other charges on
                         debt.
            (iv)   The term "net non-operating income" means the
                   difference between:
                   (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                         related to operations; and
                   (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                         lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                         of revenues in (A) above.
            (v)    The term "debt service requirements" means the
                   aggregate amount of repayments (including
                   sinking fund payments, if any) of, and interest
                   and other charges on, debt.
            (vi)   The term "reasonable forecast" means a forecast
                   prepared by PNOC-EDC not earlier than six (6)
                   months prior to the incurrence of the debt in
                   question, which both the Bank and PNOC-EDC
                   accept as reasonable and as to which the Bank
                   has notified PNOC-EDC of its acceptability
                   provided that no event has occurred since such
Page  6
                   notification which has, or may reasonably be
                   expected in the future to have, a material
                   adverse effect on the financial condition or
                   future operating results of PNOC-EDC.
            (vii)  Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                   shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                   currency of the Guarantor, debt payable in
                   another currency such valuation shall be made on
                   the basis of the prevailing lawful rate of
                   exchange at which such other currency is, at the
                   time of such valuation, obtainable for the
                   purposes of servicing such debt, or, in the
                   absence of such rate, on the basis of a rate of
                   exchange acceptable to the Bank.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of PNOC-EDC thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the
Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the
Bank shall promptly notify PNOC-EDC thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD               248423 (RCA),
                   Washington, D.C.         82987 (FTCC),
                                            64145 (WUI) or
                                           197688 (TRT).
      For PNOC-EDC:
            Philippine National Oil Company
              Energy Development Corporation
            Merritt Road
            Fort Bonifacio
            Makati, Metro Manila
            Republic of the Philippines
Page  7
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   PNOC-EDC                22666
                   Makati, Metro Manila    EDC PH
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of PNOC-EDC, or by PNOC-EDC on behalf of the
Borrower under the Loan Agreement, may be taken or executed by the
President of PNOC-EDC, or such other person or persons as the
President of PNOC-EDC shall designate in writing, and PNOC-EDC shall
furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                                 RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                               By  /s/ Marianne Haug
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                             East Asia and Pacific
                               PHILIPPINE NATIONAL OIL COMPANY
                                 ENERGY DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION
                               By    /s/ Monico V. Jacob
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I. Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A: International Competitive Bidding
1.      Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall
be procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the "Guidelines"). For fixed-
price contracts, the invitation to bid referred to in paragraph 2.13
of the Guidelines shall provide that, when contract award is delayed
beyond the original bid validity period, the successful bidder's bid
price will be increased for each week of delay by two (2) pre-
disclosed correction factors acceptable to the Bank, one (1) to be
applied to all foreign currency components, and the other to the
local currency component of the bid price. Such an increase shall
not be taken into account in the bid evaluation.
2.      To the extent practicable, contracts for goods and works
shall be grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent
of two hundred thousand dollars ($200,000) or more.
3.      In the procurement of goods and works in accordance with
this Part A, the Borrower shall use the relevant standard bidding
Page  8
documents issued by the Bank, with such modifications thereto as the
Bank shall have agreed to be necessary for the purposes of the
Project.  Where no relevant standard bidding documents have been
issued by the Bank, the Borrower shall use bidding documents based
on other internationally recognized standard terms agreed with the
Bank.
Part B: Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
        In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured within
the territory of the Guarantor may be granted a margin of preference
in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs
2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of
Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C: Other Procurement Procedures
        Local Competitive Bidding and Limited International Bidding
        Contracts for supply and erection may be awarded on the
basis of either of the following procurement procedures: (i) local
competitive bidding advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Bank, provided however that the cost
of said contracts shall not exceed the equivalent of one million
dollars ($1,000,000) or less per contract, up to an aggregate amount
equivalent to five million dollars ($5,000,000); or (ii) limited
international bidding procedures on the basis of the evaluation and
comparison of bids invited from a list of at least three (3)
qualified suppliers eligible under the Guidelines and in accordance
with procedures set forth in Sections I and II of the Guidelines
(excluding paragraphs 2.8, 2.9, 2.55 and 2.56 thereof), provided
however that the cost of said contracts shall not exceed the
equivalent of two million dollars ($2,000,000) or less per contract,
up to an aggregate amount equivalent to fifteen million dollars
($15,000,000).
Part D: Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.      Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and
final contracts:
      (a) With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of three million dollars ($3,000,000) or more, the
procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply.
      (b) With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
      (c) The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall not
apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals are to be made on
the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.      The figure of fifteen percent (15%) is hereby specified for
purposes of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II. Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out Part B of the
Project, the Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Bank. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World
Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published
by the Bank in August 1981. (the "Consultants Guidelines").  For
complex time-based assignments, the Borrower shall employ such
consultants under contracts using the standard forms of contract for
Page  9
consultants' services issued by the Bank, with such modifications as
shall have been agreed by the Bank.  Where no relevant standard
contract documents have been issued by the Bank, the Borrower shall
use other standard forms agreed with the Bank.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Section,
the provisions of the Consultants Guidelines requiring prior review
by the Bank, or approval of budgets, short lists, selection
procedures, letters of invitation, proposals, evaluation reports and
contracts shall not apply to contracts estimated to cost less than
the equivalent of twenty thousand dollars ($20,000) per contract.
However, this exception to prior review by the Bank shall not apply
to the terms of reference for such contracts nor to the employment
of individuals, to single source selection of firms, to assignments
of a critical nature as reasonably determined by the Bank and to
amendments of contracts raising the contract value to the equivalent
of thirty thousand dollars ($30,000) or more per contract.
