Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3657 VE
                              Loan Agreement
                         (Urban Transport Project)
                                  between
                           REPUBLIC OF VENEZUELA
                                    and
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                              AND DEVELOPMENT
                         Dated September 28, 1994
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3657 VE
                              LOAN AGREEMENT
    AGREEMENT, dated September 28, 1994, between REPUBLIC OF VENEZUELA (the
Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the
Bank).
    WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the feasibility
and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has
requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the Project;
    (B)   the Project, except for its Part A.4 (a), will be carried out by
Fondo Nacional de Transporte Urbano (FONTUR) with the Borrower's assistance
and, as part of such assistance, the Borrower will make available to FONTUR
the proceeds of the Loan as provided in this Agreement;
    (C)   Part A.4 (a) of the Project will be carried out by the Borrower,
through its Ministry of Transport and Communications, with the assistance
of FONTUR;
    WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing,
to extend the Loan to the Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth
in this Agreement and in the Project Agreement of even date herewith between
the Bank and FONTUR; and
    WHEREAS the Borrower hereby represents to the Bank that the execution
of this Agreement has been duly authorized by the Borrower's Ley que
Autoriza la Contratacion y Ejecucion de Operaciones de Credito Publico
Durante el Ejercicio Fiscal de 1994, published in the Borrower's Official
Page  2
Gazette Extraordinary Issue No. 4633 dated September 15, 1993.
    NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                      General Conditions; Definitions
    Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and Guarantee
Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the modifications set
forth in Schedule 6 to this Agreement (the General Conditions) constitute
an integral part of this Agreement.
    Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble to this Agreement have
the respective meanings therein set forth and the following additional terms
have the following meanings:
    (a)   "Approved Grant" means a Grant (as hereinafter defined) for an
Investment Project (as hereinafter defined) which Grant has been approved
by the Bank pursuant to the procedures set forth in Part A of Schedule 2 to
the Project Agreement;
    (b)   "Central Bank" means Banco Central de Venezuela, the Borrower's
central bank;
    (c)   "Charter" means FONTUR's by-laws registered in the Oficina
Subalterna del Primer Circuito de Registro del Municipio Libertador del
Distrito Federal on December 30, 1991, as amended on July 16, 1992;
    (d)   "Eligible Municipality" means a Municipality (as hereinafter
defined) or a Group of Municipalities (as hereinafter defined) which meets,
in terms satisfactory to FONTUR and the Bank, the eligibility criteria set
forth in the Operational Manual for its participation in  the Project;
    (e)   "FONTUR" means Fondo Nacional de Transporte Urbano, a public
foundation created by the Borrower's Decree No. 1,827, of September 9, 1991,
published in the Official Gazette (Gaceta Oficial) No. 34,808, of September
27, 1991;
    (f)   "Grant" means a grant  made or proposed to be made by FONTUR,
partially out of the proceeds of the Loan, to an Eligible Municipality for
an Investment Project;
    (g)   "Group of Municipalities" means a Mancomunidad, an entity created
by two or more neighboring Municipalities for the provision of unified
public services, as regulated in the Borrower's Ley Organica de Regimen
Municipal (Organic Law of Municipal Regime), dated August 9, 1988, and
published in the Official Gazette (Gaceta Oficial) No. 4054 dated October
10, 1988, as amended from time to time;
    (h)   "Implementation Indicators" means the indicators of Project
performance presented by FONTUR to the Bank as part of the Plan of Action
(as hereinafter defined), as the same may be changed from time to time by
agreement between the Bank and FONTUR;
    (i)   "Institutional Investment Project" means a specific Investment
Project (as hereinafter defined), satisfactory to FONTUR and the Bank, for
strengthening municipal agencies under Part A.2 of the Project, to be
carried out by an Eligible Municipality and which project meets the
eligibility criteria set forth in the Operational Manual;
    (j)   "Investment Project" means an Institutional Investment Project,
a Traffic Police Investment Project (as hereinafter defined), a Project
Preparation Activity (as hereinafter defined), a Traffic Investment Project
(as hereinafter defined) or a Maintenance Project (as hereinafter defined),
as the case may be;
    (k)   "Maintenance Project" means a specific rehabilitation project
under Part B.2 of the Project, satisfactory to FONTUR and the Bank, to
implement deferred maintenance of roads and traffic signal and control
devices in an Eligible Municipality and which project meets the eligibility
Page  3
criteria set forth in the Operational Manual;
    (l)   "MTC-FONTUR Agreement" means the agreement referred to in Section
3.02 of this Agreement;
    (m)   "Municipality" means any duly established municipality in the
territory of the Borrower;
    (n)   "Operational Manual" means the operational manual setting forth
the rules and provisions to implement Parts A.2, A.4 (b), A.6 and B of the
Project, submitted by FONTUR to the Bank through letter dated March 23,
1993, as the same may be amended from time to time by agreement between
FONTUR and the Bank;
    (o)   "Participation Agreement" means each of the agreements (Convenio
FONTUR-Municipio), satisfactory to the Bank, to be entered into between
FONTUR and an Eligible Municipality for purposes of defining the latter's
participation in the Project, pursuant to Section 2.01 (b) of the Project
Agreement, and "Participation Agreements" means all of such agreements;
    (p)   "PMU" means the project management unit, established by FONTUR for
purposes of coordinating and supervising the implementation of the Project;
    (q)   "Plan of Action" means the time-bound plan of action to carry out
the Project, including, inter alia, the Implementing Indicators, set forth
in the FONTUR's letter to the Bank dated March 23, 1993, as the same may be
amended from time to time by agreement between FONTUR and the Bank;
    (r)   "Project Preparation Activity" means a specific study or studies,
satisfactory to FONTUR and the Bank, under Part A.6 of the Project, to be
carried out by an Eligible Municipality and which study meets the
eligibility criteria set forth in the Operational Manual;
    (s)   "Project Agreement" means the agreement between the Bank and
FONTUR of even date herewith, as the same may be amended from time to time,
and such term includes all schedules and agreements supplemental to the
Project Agreement;
    (t)   "Public Transport Study" means a Project Preparation Activity to
be carried out by each Eligible Municipality in accordance with paragraph
11 of Schedule 1 to the Project Agreement, to assess the existing public
transport characteristics in the relevant Eligible Municipality and to
present recommendations for the provision of an efficient and equitable
system of urban transport and for the development of cost recovery
mechanisms, targeted subisidies and a financially sustained operation of a
predominantly privately owned public passenger transport system in such
Eligible Municipality;
    (u)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in Section 2.02
(b) of this Agreement;
    (v)   "Subproject Agreement" means each of the agreements providing for
an Approved Grant, satisfactory to the Bank, to be entered pursuant to
Section 2.01(b) of the Project Agreement into between FONTUR and an Eligible
Municipality and, in respect to an Investment Project other than an
Institutional Investment Project or a Project Preparation Facility, also
with an entity, satisfactory to the Bank, appointed by FONTUR which will
supervise and inspect the implementation of the Investment Project, and
"Subproject Agree- ments" means all of such agreements;
    (w)   "Supervision Plan" means the plan detailing the procedures to be
followed by FONTUR in the supervision of the Project implementation, set
forth in the Operational Manual;
    (x)   "Traffic Investment Project" means a specific investment project
under Part B.1 of the Project, satisfactory to FONTUR and the Bank, to
improve traffic and transport systems, road infrastructure and public
transport facilities, to be carried out by an Eligible Municipality and
which project meets the eligibility criteria set forth in the Operational
Manual;
    (y)   "Traffic Police Agreement" means each of the agreements,
Page  4
satisfactory to FONTUR and the Bank, to be entered into between the
Borrower, through its Ministry of Transport and Communications, and the
Eligible Municipality, governing the cooperation between such Ministry and
the Eligible Municipality in connection with the carrying out of Part A.4
(b) of the Project; and
    (z)   "Traffic Police Investment Project" means a specific investment
project under Part A.4 (b) of the Project, satisfactory to FONTUR and the
Bank, to improve traffic police capabilities in a Municipality, to be
carried out by an Eligible Municipality and which project meets the
eligibility criteria set forth in the Operational Manual.
                                ARTICLE II
                                 The Loan
    Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the Borrower, on the terms and
conditions set forth or referred to in the Loan Agreement, various
currencies that shall have an aggregate value equivalent to the amount of
one hundred million Dollars ($100,000,000), being the sum of withdrawals of
the proceeds of the Loan, with each withdrawal valued by the Bank as of the
date of such withdrawal.
    Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Loan may be withdrawn from the Loan
Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement
for: (i) payments made (or, if the Bank shall so agree, to be made) in
respect  of the reasonable cost of goods and services required by FONTUR
under Parts A.1, A.3, A.4 (a) and A.5 of the Project; and (ii) payments made
(or, if the Bank shall so agree, to be made) by FONTUR to an Eligible
Municipality under an Approved Grant on account of withdrawals made by such
Eligible Municipality under a Subproject Agreement in respect of the
reasonable cost of goods, works and services required for an Investment
Project under Parts A.2, A.4 (b), A.6 and B of the Project. Excluded from
the above are payments in respect of transfer of assets, land acquisition,
severance payments and any form of refinancing, rescheduling or writing off
of indebtedness.
    (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project, open and
maintain in Dollars a special deposit account in Central Bank on terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Bank. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule
5 to this Agreement.
    Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 30, 1999 or such later
date as the Bank shall establish. The Bank shall promptly notify the
Borrower of such later date.
    Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a commitment charge at
the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the
principal amount of the Loan not withdrawn from time to time.
    Section 2.05. (a)  The Borrower shall pay interest on the principal
amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time to time, at a rate
for each Interest Period equal to the Cost of Qualified Borrowings
determined in respect of the preceding Semester, plus one-half of one
percent (1/2 of 1%). On each of the dates specified in Section 2.06 of this
Agreement, the Borrower shall pay interest accrued on the principal amount
outstanding during the preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rate
applicable during such Interest Period.
    (b)   As soon as practicable after the end of each Semester, the Bank
shall notify the Borrower of the Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined in
respect of such Semester.
    (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
          (i)   "Interest Period" means a six-month period ending on the
                date immediately preceding each date specified in Section
                2.06 of this Agreement, beginning with the Interest Period
                in which this Agreement is signed.
         (ii)   "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the cost, as
Page  5
                reasonably determined by the Bank and expressed as a
                percentage per annum, of the outstanding borrowings of the
                Bank drawn down after June 30, 1982, excluding such
                borrowings or portions thereof as the Bank has allocated to
                fund: (A) the Bank's investments; and (B) loans which may
                be made by the Bank after July 1, 1989 bearing interest
                rates determined otherwise than as provided in paragraph
                (a) of this Section.
        (iii)   "Semester" means the first six months or the second six
                months of a calendar year.
    (d)   On such date as the Bank may specify by no less than six months'
notice to the Borrower, paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) (iii) of this Section
shall be amended to read as follows:
                "(a)  The Borrower shall pay interest on the principal
          amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time to time,
          at a rate for each Quarter equal to the Cost of Qualified
          Borrowings determined in respect of the preceding Quarter, plus
          one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%). On each of the dates
          specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall
          pay interest accrued on the principal amount outstanding during
          the preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rates applicable
          during such Interest Period."
                "(b)  As soon as practicable after the end of each Quarter,
          the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost of Qualified
          Borrowings determined in respect of such Quarter."
                "(c) (iii) `Quarter' means a three-month period commencing
          on January 1, April 1, July 1 or October 1 in a calendar year."
    Section 2.06. Interest and other charges shall be payable semiannually
on June 15 and December 15 in each year.
    Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Loan
in accordance with the amortization schedule set forth in Schedule 3 to this
Agreement.
    Section 2.08. The executive-director of FONTUR is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of taking any action
required or permitted to be taken under the provisions of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement and Article V of the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE III
                         Execution of the Project
    Section 3.01. The Borrower declares its commitment to the objectives of
the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, and, to this end,
without any limitation or restriction upon any of its other obligations
under the Loan Agreement, shall:
    (a)   carry out Part A.4 (a) of the Project through its Ministry of
Transport and Communications, with the assistance of FONTUR, with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate administrative,
financial, training, economic, transport, traffic police and environmental
practices and standards, and shall provide promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required therefor; and
    (b)   cause FONTUR to perform, in accordance with the provisions of the
Project Agreement, all the obligations of FONTUR therein set forth, shall
take or cause to be taken all action, including the provision of funds,
facilities, services and other resources, necessary or appropriate to enable
FONTUR to perform such obligations, and shall not take or permit to be taken
any action which would prevent or interfere with such performance.
    Section 3.02. Not later than 60 days after the Effective Date, the
Borrower shall, through its Ministry of Transport and Communi- cations,
enter into an agreement (the MTC-FONTUR Agreement) with FONTUR, satisfactory
to the Bank, for purposes of regulating the assistance to be provided by
FONTUR to the Borrower in the carrying out of Part A.4 (a) of the Project,
Page  6
including, inter alia, the obligation of FONTUR to comply, on behalf of the
Borrower, with the terms and conditions of the Project Agreement related to
records, accounts, auditing, reports and procurement in respect of said Part
A.4 (a).
    Section 3.03. The Borrower shall, not later than 90 days after the
Effective Date, establish an organizational structure under its Ministry of
Transport and Communications, with adequate functions, staff and budget,
satisfactory to the Bank, for purposes of super- vising the implementation
of Part A.4(a) of the Project, under the coordination of FONTUR.
    Section 3.04. Without limitation to the provisions of Section 3.01 of
this Agreement, the Borrower shall make available the proceeds of the Loan
to FONTUR, on a timely basis, as budgetary allocations.
    Section 3.05. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, procurement of
the goods, works and consultants' services required for the Project and to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the
provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
    Section 3.06. The Bank and the Borrower hereby agree that the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of
the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services,
plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land acquisition,
respectively) shall be carried out by FONTUR pursuant to Section 2.03 of the
Project Agreement.
    Section 3.07. The Borrower shall:
    (a)   participate in  each of the annual reviews referred to in Section
2.06(a) of the Project Agreement;
    (b)   take, or cause FONTUR to take, all such remedial action as the
Bank shall request pursuant to the above referred Section;
    (c)   enter into Traffic Police Agreements; and
    (d)   unless otherwise agreed with the Bank, not change, waive,
abrogate, suspend or fail to enforce the MTC-FONTUR Agreement or any Traffic
Police Agreement.
                                ARTICLE IV
                            Financial Covenants
    Section 4.01. (a) For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of expenditure,
the Borrower shall:
          (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained in accordance with sound
                accounting practices, records and accounts reflecting such
                expenditures;
         (ii)   ensure that all records (contracts, orders, invoices,
                bills, receipts and other documents) evidencing such
                expenditures are retained until at least one year after the
                Bank has received the audit report for the Borrower's
                fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from the Loan
                Account was made; and
        (iii)   enable the Bank's representatives to examine such records.
    (b)   The Borrower shall:
          (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                paragraph (a) (i) of this Section including those for the
                Special Account for each fiscal year audited, in accordance
                with appropriate auditing principles consistently applied,
                by independent auditors acceptable to the Bank;
         (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in any case
                not later than six months after the end of each such year
Page  7
                the report of such audit by said auditors, of such scope
                and in such detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
                requested, including a separate opinion by said auditors as
                to whether the statements of expenditure submitted during
                such fiscal year, together with the procedures and internal
                controls involved in their preparation, can be relied upon
                to support the related withdrawals; and
        (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information concerning said
                records and accounts and the audit thereof as the Bank
                shall from time to time reasonably request.
                                 ARTICLE V
                           Remedies of the Bank
    Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (l) of the General Conditions,
the following additional events are specified, provided, however, that in
respect of any of the events referred to in paragraph (e) below, the Bank
may limit the suspension of disbursement of Loan proceeds only in respect
to the Part or Parts of the Project, or portion or portions thereof,
affected by the event in question:
    (a)   FONTUR shall have failed to perform any of its obligations under
the Project Agreement.
    (b)   As a result of events which have occurred after the date of the
Loan Agreement, an extraordinary situation shall have arisen which shall
make it improbable that FONTUR will be able to perform its obligations under
the Project Agreement.
    (c)   The Charter shall have been amended, suspended, abrogated,
repealed or waived so as to affect materially and adversely the ability of
FONTUR to perform any of its obligations under the Project Agreement.
    (d)   The Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction shall have
taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment of FONTUR or for
the suspension of its operations.
    (e)   Any party shall have failed to perform any of its obligations
under a Participation Agreement or a Subproject Agreement or the MTC-FONTUR
Agreement or a Traffic Police Agreement.
    (f)   The MTC-FONTUR Agreement, any Participation Agreement, any
Subproject Agreement or any Traffic Police Agreement shall have been
amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived in a manner which, in the
opinion of the Bank, would materially and adversely affect the
implementation of the Project or the compliance with the provisions of this
Agreement by the Borrower or the Project Agreement by FONTUR.
    Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (h) of the General Conditions,
the following additional events are specified, namely, any event specified
in paragraph (a) or (d) of Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                                ARTICLE VI
                        Effective Date; Termination
    Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Loan Agreement within the meaning of
Section 12.01 (c) of the General Conditions:
    (a)   FONTUR has entered into  a Participation Agreement and a
Subproject Agreement with, at least, one Eligible Municipality;
    (b)   the Borrower has presented to the Bank evidence, satisfactory to
the Bank, that the counterpart funds for the first year of Project execution
have been made available to FONTUR; and
    (c)   the consultants to assist FONTUR in the carrying out of Parts A.1
and A.3 (a) of the Project have been selected.
Page  8
    Section 6.02. The following are specified as additional matters, within
the meaning of Section 12.02 (c) of the General Conditions, to be included
in the opinion or opinions to be furnished to the Bank, namely, that the
Project Agreement has been duly authorized or ratified by FONTUR, and is
legally binding upon FONTUR in accordance with its terms.
    Section 6.03. The date December 28, 1994 is hereby specified for the
purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE VII
                 Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
    Section 7.01. Except as provided in Section 2.08 of this Agreement, the
Minister of Finance of the Borrower is designated as representative of the
Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
    Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the purposes of
Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
    For the Borrower:
          Ministerio de Hacienda
          Direccion General Sectorial
          de Finanzas Publicas
          Edificio Norte, Piso 5
          Centro Simon Bolivar
          Caracas 1010, Venezuela
                                         Telex:
                                           24215 HDACP
    For the Bank:
          International Bank for
           Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:                 Telex:
                INTBAFRAD                  248423 (RCA)
                Washington, D.C.            82987 (FTCC)
                                            64145 (WUI) or
                                           197688 (TRT)
    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly
authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in the District of Columbia, United States of America, as
of the day and year first above written.
                       REPUBLIC OF VENEZUELA
                       By /s/ Pedro Luis Echeverria
                                                Authorized Representative
                       INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                         RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                       By /s/ Sri-Ram Aiyer
                                           Acting Regional Vice President
Page  9
                                          Latin America and the Caribbean
                                SCHEDULE 1
                  Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.  The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Loan, the allocation of the amounts of the Loan to
each Category and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be financed
in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                             Loan Allocated            % of
                             (Expressed in           Expenditures
      Category               Dollar Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1) Consultant's                 12,120,000         100% of foreign
    services and                                    expenditures and
    training for                                    50% of local
    Parts A.1(a),                                   expenditures
    A.3, A.4 (a),
    and A.5 of the
    Project
(2) Consultant's                  6,840,000         33%
    services for
    Part A.1 (b)
    of the Project
(3) (a) Goods for                 3,800,000         100% of foreign
        Parts A.1, A.3                              expenditures and
        and A.4(a) of                               50% of local expen-
        the Project                                 ditures
    (b) Civil Works               1,000,000         50%
        for Part A.4(a)
        of the Project
(4) Approved Grant in             5,800,000         100% of amounts
    relation to Con-                                disbursed by FONTUR
    sultant's services                              for foreign ex-
    for Parts A.2 and                               penditures and
    A.6 of the Project                              50% of amounts dis-
                                                    bursed by FONTUR
                                                    for local expendi-
                                                    tures
(5) Approved Grant                4,180,000         67% of amounts
    in relation to                                  disbursed by
    goods for Parts A.2,                            FONTUR
    A.4(b) and B of the
    Project
(6) Approved Grant in            55,870,000         67% of amounts
    relation to civil                               disbursed by
    works for Parts A.4(b)                          FONTUR
    and B of the Project
(7)  Unallocated                 10,390,000
                                 __________
        TOTAL                   100,000,000
2.  For the purposes of this Schedule:
    (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in the currency
of any country other than that of the Borrower for goods or services
supplied from the territory of any country other than that of the Borrower;
and
    (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the currency
Page  10
of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the territory of the
Borrower.
3.  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no withdrawals
shall be made in respect of: (a) payments made for expenditures prior to the
date of this Agreement, except that withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not
to exceed $10,000,000, may be made in respect of Categories (1) through (6)
of the table in paragraph 1 of this Schedule, on account of payments made
for expenditures before that date but after September 30, 1993; (b) payments
for expenditures under Parts A.2, A.4(b), A.6 and B of the Project unless
the respective Participation Agreement and Subproject Agreement have been
duly signed; (c) payments for expenditures under Part A.4 of the Project
unless the MTC-FONTUR Agreement has been signed; (d) payments under Part
A.4(b) of the Project, unless the respective Traffic Police Agreement has
been signed with the relevant Eligible Municipality; (e) payments made for
expenditures under Part A.1(b) of the Project after three years after the
Effective Date; and (f) payments for civil works estimated to cost the
equivalent of $25,000 or less.
                                SCHEDULE 2
                        Description of the Project
    The objective of the Project is to improve the quality and efficiency
of urban transport systems in Venezuelan urban areas through the improvement
of national and local institutions. Secondary objectives are increment of
the efficiency of traffic and transport operations and the maintenance of
urban transport infrastructure. The Project is expected to facilitate the
access to public transport by the poor.
    The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Bank may agree upon from time
to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:   Institutional Development and Policy Program
1.  A program to strengthen the institutional capabilities of FONTUR in the
following areas;
    (a)   the development of its working methods and procedures, and the
efficient condition of its operations; and
    (b)   the engineering design, inspection and supervision of Investment
Projects.
2.  Institutional Investment Projects to strengthen municipal agencies in
Eligible Municipalities in the planning, design, management, operation and
maintenance of traffic and transport systems in the relevant cities
comprising:
    (a)   the establishment of the agencies, definition of working practices
and training; and
    (b)   the traffic operations and maintenance quality control and testing
capabilities.
3.  A national training program to increase the capabilities of staff in the
urban transport sector in traffic and transport planning, project
evaluation, operation and maintenance, such program to include:
    (a)   intensive post graduation courses at national level;
    (b)   transport introduction courses at regional level;
    (c)   technician training courses and logistic courses at regional
level;
    (d)   courses for public transport operators in efficient public
transport operations;
    (e)   specialization courses abroad for students graduated in the post
graduation courses mentioned in paragraph (a) above; and
Page  11
    (f)   sabaticals for urban transportation professors with recognized
experience.
4.  A program to improve the effectiveness of the traffic police at the
national and local levels, such program to include:
      (a)       at the national level:
           (i)   refurbishment, expansion and equipment for the Borrower's
                 Escuela de Vigilancia y Seguridad Vial (ESCUVIAL), created
                 by the Borrower's Decree no. 1707 of 1976;
         (ii)    intensive training for traffic police instructors; and
        (iii)    review and preparation of the new curricula for the
                 courses at the traffic police training school referred to
                 in (i) above.
    (b)   At the local level (limited to Eligible Municipalities): execution
of Traffic Police Investment Projects to support traffic regulation
enforcement and development of traffic police operational practices.
5.  Urban transport policy studies at the national level, including, but not
limited to, those indicated in Schedule 3 to the Project Agreement.
6.  Project Preparation Activities by Eligible Municipalities, including:
    (a)   Public Transport Studies;
    (b)   integrated studies in traffic system management, institutional
development and road maintenance; and
    (c)   strategic transport plan studies to assess the need for mass
transit systems in the medium and long term.
Part B:   Infrastructure and Equipment Investment
1.  Traffic Investment Projects to improve transport infrastructure in a
Eligible Municipality.
2.  Maintenance Projects to rehabilitate transport infrastructure in a
Eligible Municipality.
                                   * * *
    The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1999.
                                SCHEDULE 3
                           Amortization Schedule
                                   Payment of Principal
    Date Payment Due              (expressed in dollars)*
On each June 15 and December 15,
    beginning June 15, 1999
    though December 15, 2008                  5,000,000
Page  12
_____________________________
*   The figures in this column represent dollar equivalents determined as
    of the respective dates of withdrawal. See General Conditions, Sections
    3.04 and 4.03.
                          Premiums on Prepayment
    Pursuant to Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions, the premium
payable on the principal amount of any maturity of the Loan to be prepaid
shall be the percentage specified for the applicable time of prepayment
below:
    Time of Prepayment                         Premium
                                   The interest rate (expressed
                                   as a percentage per annum)
                                   applicable to the Loan on
                                   the day of prepayment
                                   multiplied by:
Not more than three years                      0.20
    before maturity
More than three years but                      0.40
    not more than six years
    before maturity
More than six years but                        0.73
    not more than 11 years
    before maturity
More than 11 years but not                     0.87
    more than 13 years
    before maturity
More than 13 years before                      1.00
    maturity
                                SCHEDULE 4
                   Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
1.  Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent with those
set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines).
For fixed-price contracts, the invitation to bid referred to in paragraph
2.13 of the Guidelines shall provide that, when contract award is delayed
beyond the original bid validity period, the successful bidder's bid price
will be increased for each week of delay by two predisclosed correction
factors acceptable to the Bank, one to be applied to all foreign currency
components and the other to the local currency component of the bid price.
Such an increase shall not be taken into account in bid evaluation.
2.  To the extent practicable, contracts for civil works and/or goods shall
Page  13
be grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of more than
$2,000,000 for works and more than $200,000 for goods.
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
    In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures described
in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in Venezuela may be granted a margin
of preference in accordance with, an subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of
Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.  Civil works estimated to cost the equivalent of $2,000,000 or less per
contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $91,610,000, and goods
estimated to cost the equivalent of $200,000 or less per contract, up to an
aggregate amount equivalent to $7,600,000, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
2.  Civil works estimated to cost the equivalent of less than $100,000 per
contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $2,000,000 and goods
estimated to cost the equivalent of less than $25,000 per contract, up to
an aggregate amount equivalent to $270,000, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of comparison of price quotations obtained from at
least three contractors or suppliers, as the case may be, eligible under the
Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the Bank.
Part D:   Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.  Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final contracts:
    (a)   With respect to each contract for civil works estimated to cost
the equivalent of more than $500,000 and for each contract for goods
estimated to cost the equivalent of more than $200,000  and the first
contracts for goods and works procured by each Eligible Municipality under
the procedures referred to in Part B.1 of this Section, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special Account,
such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies
of the contract required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said
paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Bank prior to the making of the
first payment out of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
    (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the preceding
paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to
the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, said procedures shall be modified to ensure that
the two conformed copies of the contract together with the other information
required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished pursuant to
paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
    (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall not apply
to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the Loan Account are to
be made on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.  The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of paragraph 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.     Employment of Consultants
1.  In order to assist the Borrower, FONTUR or an Eligible Municipality in
carrying out the Project, the Borrower, FONTUR and an Eligible Municipality
shall employ or cause to be employed consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to
the Bank. Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with principles
and procedures satisfactory to the Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines for
the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981 (the Consultant
Guidelines).
Page  14
2.  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Section, the
provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring prior Bank review or
approval of budgets, short lists, selection procedures, letters of
invitation, proposals, evaluation reports and contracts shall not apply to
contracts estimated to cost less than $25,000 equivalent each. However, this
exception to prior Bank review shall not apply to the terms of reference for
such contracts nor to the employment of individuals, to single source
selection of firms, to assignments of a critical nature as reasonably
determined by the Bank and to amendments of contracts raising the contract
value to $25,000 equivalent or above.
                                SCHEDULE 5
                              Special Account
1.  For the purposes of this Schedule:
    (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1) through (6)
set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
    (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in respect of
the reasonable cost of goods and services required for the Project and to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan allocated from time to time to
the eligible Categories in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement; and
    (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount equivalent to
$5,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Loan Account and deposited in the
Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.  Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively for
eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this Schedule.
3.  After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to it that the Special
Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and
subsequent withdrawals to replenish the Special Account shall be made as
follows:
    (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the Borrower shall
furnish to the Bank a request or requests for a deposit or deposits which
do not exceed the aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation. On the
basis of such request or requests, the Bank shall, on behalf of the
Borrower, withdraw from the Loan Account and deposit in the Special Account
such amount or amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
    (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the Borrower
                shall furnish to the Bank requests for deposits into the
                Special Account at such intervals as the Bank shall
                specify.
         (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the Borrower
                shall furnish to the Bank the documents and other evidence
                required pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the
                payment or payments in respect of which replenishment is
                requested. On the basis of each such request, the Bank
                shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan                
Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount as
                the Borrower shall have requested and as shall have been
                shown by said documents and other evidence to have been
                paid out of the Special Account for eligible expenditures.
    All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the Loan Account
under the respective eligible Categories, and in the respective equivalent
amounts, as shall have been justified by said documents and other evidence.
4.  For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special Account, the
Borrower shall, at such time as the Bank shall reasonably request, furnish
to the Bank such documents and other evidence showing that such payment was
made exclusively for eligible expenditures.
Page  15
5.  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this Schedule, the Bank
shall not be required to make further deposits into the Special Account:
    (a)   if, at any time, the Bank shall have determined that all further
withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly from the Loan Account
in accordance with the provisions of Article V of the General Conditions and
paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this Agreement; or
    (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated to the
eligible Categories, less the amount of any outstanding special commitment
entered into by the Bank pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions
with respect to the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount
of the Authorized Allocation.
    Thereafter, withdrawal from the Loan Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated to the eligible Categories shall
follow such procedures as the Bank shall specify by notice to the Borrower.
Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent that the
Bank shall have been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit
in the Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.  (a)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any payment out
of the Special Account: (i) was made for an expenditure or in an amount not
eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified
by the evidence furnished to the Bank, the Borrower shall, promptly upon
notice from the Bank: (A) provide such additional evidence as the Bank may
request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Bank shall so
request, refund to the Bank) an amount equal to the amount of such payment
or the portion thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless the Bank shall
otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Bank into the Special Account
shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence or made such
deposit or refund, as the case may be.
    (b)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any amount
outstanding in the Special Account will not be required to cover further
payments for eligible expenditures, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice
from the Bank, refund to the Bank such outstanding amount.
    (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Bank, refund to the Bank all
or any portion of the funds on deposit in the Special Account.
    (d)   Refunds to the Bank made pursuant to paragraphs 6 (a), (b) and (c)
of this Schedule shall be credited to the Loan Account for subsequent
withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance with the relevant provisions
of this Agreement, including the General Conditions.
                                SCHEDULE 6
                    Modifications of General Conditions
    For the purpose of this Agreement, the provisions of the General
Conditions are modified as follows:
1.  The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
2.  In Section 6.02, subparagraph (k) is relettered as subparagraph (l) and
a new subparagraph (k) is added to read:
          "(k)  An extraordinary situation shall have arisen under which any
    further withdrawals under the Loan would be inconsistent with the
    provisions of Article III, Section 3 of the Bank's Articles of
    Agreement."
3.  The following subparagraph is added to Section 2.01:
          "21. The term "Project Agreement" has the meaning set forth in
paragraph (s) of Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement."
4.  The words "the Bank may, by notice to the Borrower and the Guarantor,
terminate the right of the Borrower to make withdrawals with respect to such
amount. Upon the giving of such notice, such amount of the Loan shall be
Page  16
cancelled" set forth at the end of Section 6.03 are deleted and the
following is substituted therefor:
          "or (e) by the date specified in Part A.3 of Schedule 2 to the
    Project Agreement, the Bank shall, in respect of any portion of the
    Loan: (i) have received no applications permitted under paragraph (2)
    of said Part A; or (ii) have denied any such applications, the Bank may,
    by notice to the Borrower, terminate the right of the Borrower to submit
    such applications, with respect to such amount or portion of the Loan.
    Upon the giving of such notice, such amount or portion of the Loan shall
    be cancelled."
