Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3657 VE
                             Project Agreement
                         (Urban Transport Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                              AND DEVELOPMENT
                                    and
                    FONDO NACIONAL DE TRANSPORTE URBANO
                         Dated September 28, 1994
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3657 VE
                             PROJECT AGREEMENT
    AGREEMENT, dated September 28, 1994, between INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and FONDO NACIONAL DE TRANSPORTE
URBANO (FONTUR).
    WHEREAS by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between Republic of
Venezuela (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank has agreed to make available
to the Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to one hundred
million dollars ($100,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Loan Agreement, but only on condition that FONTUR agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
    WHEREAS FONTUR, in consideration of the Bank's entering into the Loan
Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the obligations set
forth in this Agreement;
    NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                                Definitions
    Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the Loan Agreement and the General Conditions (as so defined)
have the respective meanings therein set forth.
Page  2
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project
    Section 2.01. (a) FONTUR declares its commitment to the objectives of
the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, and, to this
end, shall carry out the Project, except for Part A.4 (a) thereof, and shall
assist the Borrower in the carrying out of Part A.4 (a) of the Project, with
due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering, environmental, training and
transport practices, the Operation Manual and the Plan of Action, and shall
provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for the Project.
    (b)   Without limitation to the provisions of paragraph (a) above,
FONTUR shall:
                (i)   enter into Participation Agreements and Subproject
                      Agreements in accordance with the procedures and the
                      terms and conditions set forth in Schedules 1 and 2
                      to this Agreement, respectively, and in the
                      Operational Manual;
               (ii)   make available Approved Grants to Eligible
                      Municipalities for financing Investment Projects
                      under Subproject Agreements, all under the terms and
                      conditions set forth in Schedule 2 to this Agreement;
              (iii)   enter into the MTC-FONTUR Agreement; and
               (iv)   exercise its rights under each Participation
                      Agreement, each Subproject Agreement and the MTC-
                      FONTUR Agreement in such a manner as to protect the
                      interest of the Bank and the Borrower, comply with
                      its obligations under this Agreement and accomplish
                      the purposes of the Project. Unless the Bank shall
                      otherwise agree, FONTUR shall not take or concur in
                      any action which would have the effect of amending,
                      abrogating, assigning or waiving any Participation
                      Agreement or any Subproject Agreement or the MTC-
                      FONTUR Agreement or any provision thereof.
    Section 2.02. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, procurement
of the goods, works and consultants' services required for the Project and
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the
provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement.
    (b)  In the procurement of goods and works under the Project, FONTUR
shall, or shall cause each Eligible Municipality to, utilize standard
bidding documents satisfactory to the Bank.
    Section 2.03. FONTUR shall carry out, or cause to be carried out, the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of
the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services,
plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land acquisition,
respectively) in respect of the Project.
    Section 2.04. (a) FONTUR shall, at the request of the Bank, exchange
views with the Bank with regard to the progress of the Project, the
performance of its obligations under this Agreement and other matters
relating to the purposes of the Loan.
    (b)   FONTUR shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition which
interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of the Project, the
accomplishment of the purposes of the Loan, or the performance by FONTUR of
its obligations under this Agreement.
    Section 2.05. Without limitation to the provisions of Section 2.04 of
this Agreement, FONTUR shall furnish to the Bank:
    (a)   not later than June 30 and December 30 of each year of Project
execution, starting on December 30, 1994, progress reports on the Project,
Page  3
of such scope and detail as the Bank may reasonably request, including,
inter alia: (i) information on the progress achieved in the implementation
and in the achievement of the objectives of the Project based, inter alia,
on the Implementing Indicators; (ii) an assessment of the problems and
issues derived from the implementation of the Project; (iii) information on
the compliance by the Eligible Municipalities of their obligations under the
respective Participation Agreement and Subproject Agreement and, if the case
may be, a plan of action detailing the adjustments and remedial action to
be taken for their compliance with such  obligations; and (iv) the
implementation of the Supervision Plan; and
    (b)   not later than November 30 of each year of Project execution, a
proposed annual investment program, satisfactory to the Bank, providing for
the activities, implementation schedule and proposed budget in respect of
each Part of the Project during the upcoming year; such program to include,
inter alia, consolidated municipal investment plans for execution of
Investment Projects and measures for the strengthening of FONTUR's
management.
    Section 2.06. Without limitation to the provisions of Section 2.04 of
this Agreement and unless otherwise agreed between FONTUR and the Bank,
FONTUR shall:
    (a)   not later than November 30 of each year during the execution of
the Project, starting in 1995, hold annual Project reviews with the Bank,
such reviews to be based on the reports referred to in Section 2.05 of this
Agreement and to focus, inter alia: (i) on the evaluation of the progress
in the execution and in the achievement of the objectives of the Project
based on, among other factors, the Implementation Indicators; (ii) on the
proposed annual investment program for the Project in the upcoming year;
(iii) or any changes in the Project implementation and in the Action Plan
that may be necessary; and (iv) in the annual reviews after the first annual
review, and together with the relevant Eligible Municipality, on the
implementation of the programs or plans of action referred to in paragraph
11 (c) of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
    (b)    twenty-four months after the Effective Date, FONTUR shall review
with the Bank (mid-term review), jointly with the Borrower, in addition to
the items referred to in (a) above, the progress in the implementation of
the programs or plans of action referred to in Section 2.07 (c) of this
Agreement;
    (c)   if, as a result of any of the above reviews, the Bank shall have
reasonably determined that the progress in the execution of the Project or
in the attainment of the objectives of the Project is not satisfactory,
promptly take or cause to be taken, without limitation or restriction to any
of the Bank's rights under this Agreement, all such remedial action,
satisfactory to the Bank, as shall be necessary for the efficient execution
of the Project or for the attainment of its objectives;
    (d)   nine months after the date of employment of each consultant
employed to assist in the carrying out of Part A of the Project, review with
the Bank the performance of such consultant and shall take promptly all
action as the Bank shall request based on such reviews; and
    (e)   not later than three months after the date of this Agreement,
install, and thereafter maintain, an information system to monitor the
implementation of the Project, including data to access the compliance with
the Implementation Indicators.
    Section 2.07. FONTUR shall:
    (a)   carry out  the studies under Part A.5 of the Project in accordance
with the timetable set forth in Schedule 3 to this Agreement;
    (b)   promptly upon the completion of each of such studies, present to
the Bank and the Borrower the results of such studies and their
recommendations, allowing a reasonable time for their review and comment
thereon;
    (c)   based on the results and recommendation of each of the above
studies, and taking into account the Bank's comments thereon, present to the
Page  4
Bank, not later than 90 days after the date in which the Bank send its
comments to FONTUR, programs or plans of action, satisfactory to  the Bank,
in respect of each study; and
    (d)   implement each of the programs or plans of action referred to in
paragraph (c) above, in a manner and under a timetable satisfactory to the
Bank.
    Section 2.08. FONTUR shall:
    (a)   operate and maintain the PMU with organization, management,
budget, functions and staff satisfactory to the Bank;
    (b)   promptly inform the Bank of any change in its Charter,
organizational structure or functions; and
    (c)   supervise the Project, through the PMU, in accordance with the
Supervision Plan.
                                ARTICLE III
                    Management and Operations of FONTUR
    Section 3.01. FONTUR shall carry on its operations and conduct its
affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial, environmental
and transport practices under the supervision of qualified and experienced
management assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers.
    Section 3.02. FONTUR shall at all times operate and maintain its plant,
machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to time, promptly as
needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals thereof, all in accordance
with sound engineering, financial and transport practices.
    Section 3.03. FONTUR shall take out and maintain with responsible
insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the Bank for, insurance
against such risks and in such amounts as shall be consistent with
appropriate practice.
                                ARTICLE IV
                            Financial Covenants
    Section 4.01. (a) FONTUR shall maintain records and accounts adequate
to reflect in accordance with consistently maintained sound accounting
practices its operations and financial condition, including procedures and
separate records for monitoring and recording the progress of the Project
and of each Investment Project (including its costs and the benefits derived
from it).
    (b)   FONTUR shall:
          (i)   have its records, accounts and financial statements
                (balance sheets, statements of income and expenses and
                related statements), including those in paragraph (a)
                above, for each FONTUR fiscal year audited, in accordance
                with appropriate auditing principles consistently applied,
                by independent auditors acceptable to the Bank;
         (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in any case
                not later than six months after the end of each such year,
                (A) certified copies of its financial statements for such
                year as so audited, and (B) the report of such audit by
                said auditors of such scope and in such detail as the Bank
                shall have reasonably requested; and
        (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information concerning said
                records, accounts and financial statements as well as the
                audit thereof, as the Bank shall from time to time
                reasonably request.
    Section 4.02 FONTUR shall submit to the Bank, not later than June 30 of
each year of Project execution, annual reports by independent auditors
Page  5
acceptable to the Bank, such reports to be of such scope and in such detail
as the Bank shall reasonably request, including an evaluation of compliance
by FONTUR and each Eligible Municipality with their respective obligation
under this Agreement, the Participation Agreements and the Subproject
Agreements.
                                 ARTICLE V
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
    Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect on the
date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
    Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank and of
FONTUR hereunder shall terminate on the date on which the Loan Agreement
shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the Bank shall promptly
notify FONTUR thereof.
    Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall continue in
full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation or suspension under
the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE VI
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
    Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to be given
or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the parties
contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it shall be delivered
by hand or by mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to
which it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice to the
party giving such notice or making such request. The addresses so specified
are:
    For the Bank:
          International Bank for
            Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:                Telex:
                INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                           64145 (WUI) or
                                          197688 (TRT)
    For FONTUR:
          Fondo Nacional de Transporte Urbano
          Parque Central
          Avenida Lecuna, Torre Este, Piso 35
          Caracas, Venezuela
          Fax:
                (58)(2) 509-2559
    Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken, and any
document required or permitted to be executed, under this Agreement on
behalf of FONTUR, may be taken or executed by its executive-director or such
other person or persons as its executive-director shall designate in
writing, and FONTUR shall furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of the
authority and the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
    Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts,
Page  6
each of which shall be an original, and all collectively but one instrument.
    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly
authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in the District of Columbia, United States of America, as
of the day and year first above written.
                      INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                        RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                      By /s/ Sri-Ram Aiyer
                                           Acting Regional Vice President
                                         Latin America and the Caribbean
                      FONDO NACIONAL DE TRANSPORTE URBANO
                      By /s/ Pedro Luis Echeverria
                                                Authorized Representative
                                SCHEDULE 1
           Terms and Conditions of the Participation Agreements
1.  The Eligible Municipality shall declare its acceptance of the objectives
of the Project and adhere to the terms and provisions of the Operation
Manual.
2.  FONTUR shall have the right to suspend or terminate the participation
of the Eligible Municipality in the Project or disbursement of funds
pursuant to the Subproject Agreement and/or demand immediate reimbursement
of part or all amounts previously disbursed to the Eligible Municipality
under any or all Subproject Agreements if the latter fails to comply with
any of its obligations under the Participation Agreement or in any
Subproject Agreement or any obligation, condition or criteria set forth in
the Operational Manual related to the eligibility criteria for
Municipalities to take part in the Project.
3.  The Eligible Municipality shall agree that each Investment Project shall
be financed with:
    (a)   in the case of an Investment Project under Parts A.2, A.4 (b) and
A.6 of the Project: a Grant provided by FONTUR in the amount equivalent to
one hundred percent (100%) of the Investment Project; and
    (b)   in the case of an Investment Project under Part B of the Project:
(i) a Grant provided by FONTUR in the amount equivalent to seventy-five
percent (75%) of the total cost of the Investment Project; and (ii) the
remainder twenty-five percent (25%), with resources provided by the
respective Eligible Municipality.
4.  The Eligible Municipality shall allocate in its annual budgets, adequate
resources for implementation of the plan of action referred to in paragraph
7 (b) below.
5.  The Eligible Municipality, within its jurisdiction and in relation to
the transport sector, shall take or cause to be taken all necessary actions
required to enforce all applicable environmental law and regulations.
6.  Unless otherwise agreed by FONTUR and the Bank, the Eligible
Municipality shall not make during the implementation of the Project any
investment in the transport sector with a total cost of more than an amount
equivalent to three times the aggregate of the Approved Grants to such
Eligible Municipality or an amount equivalent to US$ 5 million, whichever
amount is higher.
7.  A Subproject Agreement covering a Traffic Investment Project or a
Maintenance Project shall only be signed after:
Page  7
    (a)   the final engineering designs and documentation for the components
of the relevant Investment Project to be carried out in the first year have
been completed in a manner satisfactory to FONTUR and the Bank; and
    (b)   the implementation of a plan of action, satisfactory to FONTUR and
the Bank, for roads and traffic signals and devices maintenance is being
carried out by the Eligible Municipality in a manner and under a timetable
satisfactory to FONTUR and the Bank.
8.  Unless otherwise agreed by FONTUR and the Bank, the Eligible
Municipality shall not enter into any agreement with, or receive funds from,
any other multilateral financial institution for the purpose of financing
Part B of the Project.
9.  The Eligible Municipality shall enter into the Traffic Police Agreement.
10.       Before the execution of its first Subproject Agreement, the
Eligible Municipality shall:
    (a)   establish, and thereafter maintain, an organizational structure
with staff, functions, management and budget satisfactory to FONTUR and to
the Bank, for purposes of coordinating and super- vising the implementation
of the Investment Projects within the relevant Eligible Municipality; and
    (b)   select the consultants required to assit the Eligible Municipality
in the carrying out of Part A.2 of the Project.
11.       The Eligible Municipality shall:
    (a)   not later than 30 days after the date of the first Subproject
Agreement related to a Traffic Investment Project or a Maintenance Project,
enter into a Subproject Agreement for purposes of carrying out the Public
Transport Study within the relevant Eligible Municipality;
    (b)   promptly upon the completion of the Public Transport Study but in
any case not later than 14 months after the date of the above referred
Subproject Agreement, present to FONTUR and to the Bank the results of such
study and its recommendations, allowing a reasonable time for their review
and comment thereon;
    (c)   based on the results and recommendations of the Public Transport
Study, and taking into account the FONTUR's and the Bank's comments thereon,
present to FONTUR and to the Bank, not later than 60 days after the date in
which the Bank sends its comments to FONTUR, programs or plans of action,
satisfactory to FONTUR and to the Bank, in respect of such study; and
    (d)   implement such programs or plans of action referred to in
paragraph (c) above in a manner and under a timetable satisfactory to FONTUR
and to the Bank.
12.       Unless otherwise agreed between FONTUR and the Bank, each
Investment Project to be implemented under a Subproject Agreement shall have
an internal rate of return of not less than twelve percent (12%) to be
calculated in accordance with a methodology satisfactory to the Bank.
                                SCHEDULE 2
Part A:   Procedures for Approval of Grants
1.  No expenditures for goods or services required for an Investment Project
shall be eligible for financing out of the proceeds of the Loan unless the
Grant for such Investment Project shall have been approved by the Bank and
such expenditures shall have been made not earlier than 180 days prior to
the date on which the Bank shall have received the application and
information required under paragraph 2 of this Schedule in respect of such
Grant.
2.  When presenting a Grant to the Bank for approval, FONTUR shall furnish
to the Bank an application, in form and substance satis- factory to the
Bank, including: (i) an appraisal of the Investment Project, including a
description of the expenditures proposed to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Loan, the calculation of the internal rate of return of the
Investment Project, the evaluation of the efficiency and efficacy of the
Page  8
measures proposed to be taken under the Investment Project, the
environmental assessment of the Investment Project, and, if applicable, the
measures proposed to be taken to mitigate any negative environmental impact
derived from it; (ii) in case that the Investment Project requires
displacement of population, a resettlement plan; (iii) confirmation on the
compliance by the Eligible Municipality with the eligibility criteria set
forth in the Operational Manual for the participation of Municipalities in
the Project; (iv) confirmation on the compliance by the Eligible
Municipality with the terms and conditions set forth in the relevant
Participation Agreement and Subproject Agreements; and (v) such other
information as the Bank shall reasonably request.
3.  Applications made pursuant to the provisions of paragraph (2) above
shall be presented to the Bank on or before June 30, 1999.
Part B:   Terms and Conditions of Subproject Agreements
1.  FONTUR shall include in the Subproject Agreement terms and conditions
for the disbursement of the Approved Grant that shall be compatible with the
terms and conditions of the Loan and Project Agreements.
2.  The Eligible Municipality shall agree that the proceeds of the Grant
shall be used exclusively for the financing of the respective Investment
Project or Investment Projects.
3.  FONTUR shall have the right to:
    (a)   suspend disbursements and/or demand immediate reimbursement of all
amounts previously disbursed to the Eligible Municipality under the
Subproject Agreement upon failure of such Eligible Municipality to comply
with any of its obligations under the Subproject Agreement;
    (b)   require the Eligible Municipality to carry out and operate the
Investment Project or Investment Projects with due diligence and efficiency
and in accordance with sound technical, administrative, financial,
engineering, environmental and transport practices, and the provisions of
the Operational Manual;
    (c)   require the Eligible Municipality to maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect, in accordance with
sound accounting practices, the operations, resources and expenditures in
respect of the Investment Project;
    (d)   require that: (A) goods, works and consultants' services to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be procured in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement; (B) such goods,
works and services shall be used exclusively in the carrying out of the
Investment Project or Investment Projects; and (C) the proceeds of the Loan
shall be maintained separate from other funds of the Eligible Municipality;
    (e)   inspect, by itself or through a third entity, satis- factory to
the Bank, appointed by FONTUR for such purpose, or jointly with
representatives of the Bank, such goods and the sites, works, roads and
construction included in the Investment Project or Investment Projects, the
operation thereof, and any relevant records or documents;
    (f)   require that the imported goods to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Loan  shall be insured, or adequate provisions shall be made for the
insurance, against hazards incident to the acquisition, transportation and
delivery thereof to the place of use or installation. Any indemnity for such
insurance shall be payable in a freely usable currency to replace or repair
such goods;
    (g)   obtain all such information as FONTUR shall reasonably request,
by itself or at the Bank's request, related to the administration and
operation of the Investment Project and to the benefits to be derived from
such Investment Project;
    (h)   require that the Eligible Municipality shall take, or shall cause
to be taken, all necessary measures, satisfactory to FONTUR and to the Bank,
to correct or mitigate any negative environmental impact of the Investment
Project or Investment Projects; and
Page  9
    (i)   require that, in case that the Investment Project requires
displacement of population, the Eligible Municipality shall carry out, or
shall cause to be carried out, a resettlement plan, satisfactory to FONTUR
and to the Bank.
4.  In the Subproject Agreements related to Investment Projects other than
an Institutional Investment Project or a Project Preparation Facility,
FONTUR shall appoint an entity, satisfactory to the Bank, to supervise and
inspect the implementation of the relevant Investment Project.
                                SCHEDULE 3
   Timetable for Execution of the Studies under Part A.5 of the Project,
     Technical Assistance and Studies under Part A.6 of the Project
[See hard copy for Schedule 3 table.]
