Page  1
                                                             CONFORMED COPY
                                                                   TF 20019
                                                 NORWEGIAN GRANT RELATED TO
                                                      CREDIT NUMBER 2418 UG
                          Norwegian Grant Agreement
                 (Economic and Financial Management Project)
                                   between
                           THE REPUBLIC OF UGANDA
                                     and
                    INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                       as Administrator of development
                            aid funds provided by
              THE NORWEGIAN AGENCY FOR DEVELOPMENT COOPERATION
            REPRESENTING THE GOVERNMENT OF THE KINGDOM OF NORWAY
                         Dated June 29, 1995
                                                                   TF 20019
                           NORWEGIAN GRANT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2418 UG
                          NORWEGIAN GRANT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 29, 1995, between THE REPUBLIC OF
UGANDA (Uganda) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
acting as Administrator (the Administrator) of the Norwegian
Grant (as hereinafter defined) provided by The NORWEGIAN AGENCY
FOR DEVELOPMENT COOPERATION, representing the GOVERNMENT OF THE
KINGDOM OF NORWAY.
      WHEREAS Uganda has requested the assistance of the
International Development Association (the Association) and the
Norway Minister in the financing of civil service reform
program (the Program) referred to in Part D of the Project (the
Project) described in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit
Agreement (Credit No. 2418 UG) dated September 22, 1992,
between Uganda and the Association (the Development Credit Agreement);
      WHEREAS the Association has granted a Credit for this
purpose on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement;
      WHEREAS Norway wishes to make available to Uganda a grant
in an amount of thirteen million Norwegian Kroner (NOK
Page  2
13,000,000) (the Norwegian Grant) to assist Uganda in carrying
out the Program on the terms and conditions hereinafter set
forth;
      WHEREAS by an agreement dated January 5, 1995 between
Norway and the Association, (the Administration Agreement),
Norway has requested the Association, and the Association has
agreed, to administer, inter alia, the Norwegian Grant; and
      WHEREAS Uganda acknowledges that the financial assistance
extended to Uganda under this Agreement (the Norwegian Grant
Agreement) shall be considered as part of the bilateral
development aid extended by Norway to Uganda;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                  ARTICLE I
                       General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the modifications set forth below (the
General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this
Agreement:
      (a)   the term "Association," whenever used in the General
Conditions, means the International Development Association
acting as Administrator of the Norwegian Grant pursuant to the
agreement of January 5, 1995 between Norway and the
Association, except in the provisions "member(s) of the
Association" occurring in Section 2.01 (5), 4.02 (b) and 6.02
(e);
      (b)   the term "Borrower," whenever used in the General
Conditions, means Uganda;
      (c)   the term "Development Credit Agreement," whenever
used in the General Conditions, means this Agreement;
      (d)   the term "Credit," whenever used in the General
Conditions, means the Norwegian Grant extended to Uganda under
this Agreement;
      (e)   the term "Credit Account," whenever used in the
General Conditions, means the Trust Account opened by the
Administrator in its books in the name of Uganda to which the
amount of the Norwegian Grant is credited;
      (f)   in Section 6.02 the term "Association" shall also
include the International Development Association acting in its
own capacity;
      (g)   in Section 9.06 (c) the term "Closing Date" means the
closing date set forth in Section 2.03 of the Development
Credit Agreement; and
      (h)   Sections 3.02, 3.03, 3.04, 3.05, 4.01, 4.02, 4.03,
4.04, 4.06, 6.05, 7.01, 8.01 (a), 12.02 and 12.05 are deleted.
      Section 1.02. Wherever used in this Agreement, unless the
context otherwise requires, the several terms defined in the
General Conditions, in the Preamble to this Agreement and in
the Development Credit Agreement have the respective meanings
therein set forth:
      the terms "Norwegian Kroner" and "NOK" mean the currency
of Norway.
      Section 1.03. In all Articles, Sections and Schedules of
the Development Credit Agreement explicitly incorporated into
this Agreement, the references to the "Borrower," the
Page  3
"Association," the "Credit," and the "Credit Account" shall be
deemed to be references to Angola, the Administrator, the
Grant, and the Trust Account, respectively.
                                 ARTICLE II
                                  The Grant
      Section 2.01. The Administrator agrees to extend to
Uganda, on the terms and conditions herein set forth or
referred to, a grant in an amount of thirteen million Norwegian
Kroner (NOK 13,000,000), or such other amount as shall have
been made available by Norway to the Administrator for this
purpose pursuant to the Administration Agreement.
      Section 2.02. The amount of the Grant may be withdrawn
from the Trust Account in accordance with the provision of
Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement for expenditures
made (or if the Administrator shall so agree, to be made) in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required
for the Program.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1996, or
such later date as the Administrator shall establish. The
Administrator shall promptly notify Uganda of such later date.
                                 ARTICLE III
                  Execution of the Project; Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. Article III and Article IV of the
Development Credit Agreement and Schedules 2 and 3 thereto are
hereby incorporated into this Agreement with the same force and
effect as if they were fully set forth herein.
                                 ARTICLE IV
                         Effectiveness; Termination;
                      Transfer of Rights and Obligations
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall become effective upon
signature.
      Section 4.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the
parties thereunder shall terminate on the date, following the
final disbursement under this Agreement, on which Uganda shall
have fulfilled all its obligations under this Agreement.
                                  ARTICLE V
                     Representative of Uganda; Addresses
      Section 5.01. The Minister of Uganda responsible for
Finance is designated as representative of Uganda for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 5.02. The following addresses are specified for
the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For Uganda:
            Ministry of Finance and Economic Planning
            P.O. Box 8147
            Kampala
            Uganda
            Cable address:                 Telex:
Page  4
                   FINSEC                    61170
                   Kampala
      For the Administrator:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.          197688 (TRT)
                                              64145 (WUI)
                                              89287 (FTTC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their representatives thereunto duly authorized, have caused
this Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                   THE REPUBLIC OF UGANDA
                   By /s/ J.S. Mayanja Nkangi
                                                  Authorized Representative
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                   as Administrator of development aid funds
                   provided by The Norwegian Agency For Development
                   Cooperation, representing The Government Of The
                   Kingdom of Norway
                   By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                                    Regional Vice President
                                                                     Africa
