Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2293 ZR
                (SNEL Technical Assistance Project)
                              between
                         REPUBLIC OF ZAIRE
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                      Dated September 9, 1991
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2293 ZR
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated September 9, 1991, between the REPUBLIC OF
ZAIRE (the Borrower) and the INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association):
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project, described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Project will be carried out by the Borrower's
electric power company, the Societe Nationale d'Electricite (the
Company) with the Borrower's assistance and, as part of such
assistance, the Borrower will make available to the Company the
proceeds of the Credit as provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Project
Agreement of even date herewith between the Association and the
Company;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the modifications set forth below (the General Conditions)
constitute an integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)   the word "facsimile", preceded by a comma, is added
after the word "telex" in Section 11.01; and
      (b)   the last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Ministry" means the ministry of the Borrower respon-
sible for energy;
      (b)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the two project
preparation advances granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to two exchanges of letters, dated February 7 and May 26,
1987, and March 8 and April 17, 1989, between the Borrower and the
Association;
      (c)   "Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement to be
entered into between the Borrower and the Company pursuant to
Section 3.01 (b) of this Agreement, as the same may be amended from
time to time, and such term includes any schedules to the Subsidiary
Loan Agreement;
      (d)   "the Company" means the Societe Nationale d'Electricite,
the electric power company of the Borrower, a public enterprise
established and operating pursuant to Ordonnance No. 78-196 of May
5, 1978 and Loi No. 78-002 of January 6, 1978; and
      (e)   "Project Agreement" means the agreement between the
Association and the Company of even date herewith, as the same may
be amended from time to time, and such term includes all schedules
and agreements supplemental to the Project Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to seven million five hundred thousand Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 7,500,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of this
Section and of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made
(or, if the Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of
the reasonable cost of goods and services required for the Project
and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance
shall thereupon be cancelled.
Page  3
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1994 or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restric-
tions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower;
and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for the
purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other
eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on May 1 and November 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semiannu-
al installments payable on each May 1 and November 1 commencing
November 1, 2001 and ending May 1, 2031. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on May 1, 2011 shall be one
percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each installment
thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due considera-
tion by them of the development of the Borrower's economy, modify
the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the Credit
shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Page  4
Conditions.
      Section 2.09. The Company is designated as representative of
the Borrower for the purposes of taking any action required or
permitted to be taken under the provisions of Section 2.02 of this
Agreement and Article V of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and, to this end, without any limitation or restriction
upon any of its other obligations under the Development Credit
Agreement, shall cause the Company to carry out the Project and to
perform in accordance with the provisions of the Project Agreement
all the other obligations of the Company therein set forth, shall
take and cause to be taken all action, including the provision of
funds, facilities, services and other resources, necessary or
appropriate to enable the Company to perform such obligations, and
shall not take or permit to be taken any action which would prevent
or interfere with such performance.
      (b)   The Borrower shall relend the proceeds of the Credit to
the Company under a subsidiary loan agreement between the Borrower
and the Company setting forth terms and conditions which shall have
been approved by the Association and which shall include a rate of
interest of 7.75%, a term of 20 years including a five years' grace
period and the assumption by the Company of the exchange risk.
      (c)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement in such manner as to protect the interests
of the Borrower and the Association and to accomplish the purposes
of the Credit and, except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
the Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Project
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower and the Association hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) shall be carried out
by the Company pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Project Agreement.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall take all such action as shall
be necessary on its part to ensure that the provisions of its
Contrat-Programme with the Company be respected and that no change
be made thereto without prior consultation with the Association.
      Section 3.05. The Borrower shall take all necessary measures
required on its part to allow the Company to revaluate its assets
and restructure its balance sheet in accordance with appropriate
accounting principles acceptable to the Association.
                            ARTICLE IV
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 4.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   the Company shall have failed to perform any of its
obligations under the Project Agreement;
      (b)   as a result of events which have occurred after the date
Page  5
of the Development Credit Agreement, an extraordinary situation
shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that the Company
will be able to perform its obligations under the Project Agreement;
      (c)   the Ordonnance or the Loi, cited in paragraph (d) of
Section 1.02 of this Agreement, or any other legislation governing
the operations of the Company, shall have been amended, suspended,
abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially and
adversely the ability of the Company to perform any of its obliga-
tions under the Project Agreement;
      (d)   the Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the reorganization, dissolution or
disestablishment of the Company or for the suspension of its
operations or any substantial portion thereof; and
      (e)   any provision of the Contrat-Programme between the
Borrower and the Company shall not have been adhered to or the
Contrat-Programme shall have been amended in a manner not acceptable
to the Association.
      Section 4.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any event specified in paragraph (a) or (e) of Section
4.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period
of 60 days after notice thereof shall have been given by the
Association to the Borrower; or
      (b)   any event specified in paragraph (c) or (d) of Section
4.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                            ARTICLE V
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 5.01. The following event is specified as additional
condition to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions,
namely, that the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been entered into by
the Borrower and the Company.
      Section 5.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association:
      (a)   that the Project Agreement has been duly authorized or
ratified by the Company and is legally binding upon the Company in
accordance with its terms; and
      (b)   that the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by the Borrower and the Company and is
legally binding upon the Borrower and the Company in accordance with
its terms.
      Section 5.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 6.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 of this
Agreement, the Minister of the Borrower responsible for finance is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
Page  6
     For the Borrower:
            Ministcre des Finances
            Bocte Postale 12997
            Kinshasa 1
            Republic of Zaire
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   MINIFIN                   21162
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                   REPUBLIC OF ZAIRE
                   By /s/ Tatanene Manata
                                         Authorized Representative
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                   By /s/ Francisco Aguirre-Sacasa
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                                Credit              % of
                               Allocated        Expenditures
                             (Expressed in          to be
      Category              SDR Equivalent)       Financed
(1)   Consultants'               5,060,000      80% of local
      services; audits                          expenditures for
                                                services of
                                                consultants
                                                domiciled within
                                                the territory of
                                                the Borrower and
                                                100% of foreign
Page  7
                                                expenditures for
                                                services of
                                                other consultants
(2)   Equipment for              1,200,000      100% of foreign
      monitoring of dam                         expenditures and
      safety and for                            80% of local
      dredging                                  expenditures
(3)   Refunding of                 530,000      Amounts due
      Project                                   pursuant to
      Preparation                               Section 2.02 (b)
      Advance                                   of this Agreement
                             Amount of the
                                Credit              % of
                               Allocated        Expenditures
                             (Expressed in          to be
      Category              SDR Equivalent)       Financed
(4)   Unallocated                  710,000
                                 _________
      TOTAL                      7,500,000
                                 =========
2.    To the extent that the amount allocated to Category (3) above
is greater than the amount due, the excess will be reallocated to
Category (4).
3.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower; and
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower.
4.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments for expenditures
made prior to the date of this Agreement.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to assist the Company in
rehabilitating, maintaining and assuring the safety of its hydro-
electric facilities and in strengthening its management capabili-
ties.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Engineering Services
1.    Carrying out a study of the safety of dams, including as a
priority the Nzilo dam, and the acquisition of equipment for
monitoring the dam's working condition.
2.    Strengthening the technical support for the operation of
hydroelectric facilities and rehabilitation of the Inga hydro-
electric power facilities, and the acquisition of dredging equipment
for use in the Inga intake channel.
3.    Supervision of the ongoing rehabilitation works at the
Ruzizi I plant in Kivu and at the Nzilo and Nseke plants in Shaba.
Page  8
Part B:     Strengthening of Management of the Company
      Completion or carrying out of studies and implementation of
resulting recommendations concerning:
      1.    Financial and accounting systems;
      2.    Job grading;
      3.    Organization of maintenance activities;
      4.    Organization of stock management and recruitment of
required experts;
      5.    Organization of commercial management and recruitment of
required experts; and
      6.    Audit of the accounts of the Company.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1993.
