Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2293 ZR
                (SNEL Technical Assistance Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
                  SOCIETE NATIONALE D'ELECTRICITE
                      Dated September 9, 1991
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2293 ZR
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated September 9, 1991, between the INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and the SOCIETE NATIONALE
D'ELECTRICITE (the Company):
      WHEREAS: (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between Republic of Zaire (the Borrower) and the Associa-
tion, the Association has agreed to make available to the Borrower
an amount in various currencies equivalent to seven million five
hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 7,500,000), on the
terms and conditions set forth in the Development Credit Agreement,
but only on condition that the Company agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Association as are set forth in this
Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and the Company, the proceeds of the credit
provided for under the Development Credit Agreement will be relent
to the Company on the terms and conditions set forth in said
Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS the Company, in consideration of the Association's
entering into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower,
has agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement and in the
General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings
therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) The Company declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out the
Project with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial, economic, engineering and
public utility practices, and shall provide, or cause to be
provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and
other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   The Company shall, for the purposes of the Project, open
and maintain in dollars a special deposit account (the Special
Account) in a commercial bank on terms and conditions satisfactory
to the Association, including appropriate protection against set-
off, seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      (c)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Association and the Company shall
otherwise agree, the Company shall carry out the Project in
accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 2
to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and consultants' services required for the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall
be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Company shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and
land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement.
      Section 2.04. The Company shall duly perform all its obliga-
tions under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Association
shall otherwise agree, the Company shall not take or concur in any
action which would have the effect of amending, abrogating,
assigning or waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision
thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) The Company shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of the Project, the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other
matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   The Company shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Credit, or the performance by the Company of its obligations under
this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
Page  3
      Section 2.06. Without limiting the generality of Section 2.03
above, the Company shall, under arrangements satisfactory to the
Association, ensure that its dams and all electro-mechanical
structures thereof are periodically inspected in accordance with
sound engineering practices in order to determine whether there are
any deficiencies in the condition of such structures or in the
quality and adequacy of maintenance or methods of operations of the
same which may endanger their safety. To this end, the Company shall
submit to the Association by December 31, 1992 the appropriate
arrangements referred to above for its review.
                            ARTICLE III
             Management and Operations of the Company
      Section 3.01. The Company shall carry on its operations and
conduct its affairs in accordance with sound administrative,
financial, economic and public utility practices under the super-
vision of qualified and experienced management assisted by competent
staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. The Company shall at all times operate and
maintain its plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and
from time to time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs
and renewals thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering and
financial, economic and public utility practices.
      Section 3.03. (a) The Company shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Association for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as
shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
      (b)   Upon the completion of the revaluation of the fixed
assets of the Company, the Company shall promptly revise its
insurance coverages to take into account such revaluations.
      Section 3.04. The Company shall continue to adhere to an
efficient and effective system of accounting based on the recommen-
dations resulting from its 1989 annual audit.
      Section 3.05. The Company shall execute the Contrat-Programme
referred to in Section 3.04 of the Development Credit Agreement and
shall not concur to any amendment, modification or derogation to any
of the terms and conditions of said Contrat-Programme without prior
consultation with the Association.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Company shall revaluate its assets and
restructure its balance sheet by June 30, 1992 in accordance with
appropriate accounting principles acceptable to the Association.
      (b)   The Company shall maintain records and accounts adequate
to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices its
operations and financial condition.
      (c)   The Company shall:
            (i)    have its records, accounts (including the Spe-
                   cial Account) and financial statements (balance
                   sheets, statements of income and expenses and
                   related statements) for each fiscal year audited
                   in accordance with appropriate auditing prin-
                   ciples consistently applied, by independent
                   auditors acceptable to the Association;
            (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                   but in any case not later than six months after
                   the end of each such year: (A) certified copies
Page  4
                   of its financial statements for such year as so
                   audited; and (B) the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Association shall have reasonably re-
                   quested; and
            (iii)  furnish to the Association such other informa-
                   tion concerning said records, accounts and
                   financial statements as well as the audit there-
                   of, as the Association shall from time to time
                   reasonably request.
      (d)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Company shall:
             (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accor-
                   dance with paragraph (a) of this Section, re-
                   cords and accounts reflecting such expenditures;
            (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the com-
                   pletion of the audit for the fiscal year in
                   which the last withdrawal from the Credit Ac-
                   count was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                   invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                   evidencing such expenditures;
            (iii)  enable the Association's representatives to
                   examine such records; and
            (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are in-
                   cluded in the annual audit referred to in para-
                   graph (c) of this Section and that the report of
                   such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                   auditors as to whether the statements of expen-
                   diture submitted during such fiscal year, to-
                   gether with the procedures and internal controls
                   involved in their preparation, can be relied
                   upon to support the related withdrawals.
      Section 4.02. The Company shall, pursuant to a program of
actions satisfactory to the Association, take such steps as shall be
necessary, including the improvement of its billing and collections
procedures, to reduce the level of its accounts receivables to 2.5
months' of billings (in constant kilowatt/hour value) by December
31, 1992.
      Section 4.03. The Company shall not make any capital invest-
ment exceeding the equivalent of $5,000,000 without the prior
approval of the Association.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of the Company thereunder shall terminate on the
earlier of the following two dates:
            (i)    the date on which the Development Credit Agree-
                   ment shall terminate in accordance with its
                   terms; or
            (ii)   the date 21 years after the date of this Agree-
                   ment.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
Page  5
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify the
Company of this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex, radiogram or facsimile to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter
specified or at such other address as such party shall have
designated by notice to the party giving such notice or making such
request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:               Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      For the Company:
            2831 Avenue de la Justice
            B.P. 500
            Kinshasa 1
            Republic of Zaire
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   SNEL KIN                  21347
      Section 6.02. Any action required, or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed under this
Agreement on behalf of the Company, or by the Company on behalf of
the Borrower under the Development Credit Agreement, may be taken or
executed by its Managing Director (President-Delegue-General) or
such other person or persons as the Company shall designate in
writing, and the Company shall furnish to the Association sufficient
evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen signature
of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all collec-
tively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
Page  6
                   By /s/ Francisco Aguirre-Sacasa
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                   SOCIETE NATIONALE D'ELECTRICITE
                   By /s/ Tatanene Manata
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part B of this Schedule, goods shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for the purchase of goods
shall be grouped into bid packages sufficiently large so as to
attract maximum competition.
Part B:     Other Procurement Methods
      Equipment required in the carrying out of Part A.1 of the
Project may be procured on the basis of shopping, as described in
paragraph 3.4 of the Guidelines.
Part C:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
      Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
1.    (a)   With respect to each contract for civil works and to
each contract for vehicles and equipment, estimated to cost the
equivalent of $100,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contracts are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of each contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of such
Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of each
contract, together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3, shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs (a) and
(b) shall not apply to contracts on account of which the Association
has authorized withdrawals from the Credit Account on the basis of
statements of expenditure. Such contracts shall be retained in
accordance with Section 4.01 (d) of this Agreement.
Page  7
2.    The figure of 10% is hereby specified for the purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II: Employment of Consultants and Specialists
      In order to assist the Company in carrying out the studies and
supervising the works included in the Project, strengthening its
management and training its staff, the Company shall employ such
consultants, whose qualifications, experience and terms and
conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the Association,
as shall be agreed between the Company and the Association. Such
consultants and specialists shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association on the
basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank
Borrowers and by The World Bank as Executing Agency" published by
the Bank in August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                      Implementation Program
Part A:     Dam Control
(a)   Description of tasks to be carried out
      -     Engineering services for dam safety and acquisition of
            required equipment
      -     Technical support for dam management and rehabilitation
      -     Acquisition of draining equipment for Inga
      -     Acquisition of engineering services for Ruzizi I, Nzilo
            and Nseke
(b)   Implementation timetable
      -     Issuance of bidding documents by August 1, 1991
      -     Submission of bids by September 2, 1991
      -     Analysis of bids to be completed by October 15, 1991
      -     Award of contracts no later than November 30, 1991
      -     Control of dam safety for Ruzizi I, Nzilo and Nseke to
            be completed by September 30, 1993
      -     Technical support activities for management and rehabil-
            itation of the Inga Dam will be completed by December
            31, 1993
Part B:     Commercial Management
(a)   Description of tasks to be carried out
      Strengthening of management procedures relating to:
      -     financial and accounting systems
      -     maintenance organization
      -     supply services (including recruitment of a supplies
            manager)
      -     commercial operations management
      -     audit
(b)   Implementation calendar
      -     issuance of bidding documents by August 1, 1991
Page  8
      -     submission of bids by September 2, 1991
      -     analysis of bids to be completed by October 15, 1991
      -     award of contracts no later than November 30, 1991
      -     strengthening of financial and accounting systems to be
            completed by September 30, 1993
      -     improvement of maintenance operation to be achieved by
            April 15, 1993
      -     improvement of supply services to be achieved by
            April 30, 1993
      -     improvement of commercial operations management to be
            achieved by December 31, 1993
      -     audit of accounts to be completed by June 30 of each
            year
                            SCHEDULE 3
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1) and
(2) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount of
$300,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and deposited into
the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Association re-
                   quests for deposits into the Special Account at
                   such intervals as the Association shall specify.
           (ii)    Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   the documents and other evidence required pursu-
                   ant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the
                   payment or payments in respect of which reple-
                   nishment is requested. On the basis of each such
                   request, the Association shall, on behalf of the
                   Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account and
Page  9
                   deposit into the Special Account such amount as
                   the Borrower shall have requested and as shall
                   have been shown by said documents and other
                   evidence to have been paid out of the Special
                   Account for eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to
the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the
Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the Association
may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account (or, if the
Association shall so request, refund to the Association) an amount
equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so
eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise agree,
no further deposit by the Association into the Special Account shall
be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence or made such
deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraph 6
(a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
Page  10
