Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3358  ME
                (Third Technical Training Project)
                              between
                       UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                      Dated October 14, 1991
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3358 ME
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated October 14, 1991, between UNITED MEXICAN
STATES (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Nacional Financiera, S.N.C. (the
Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasibility and priority
of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, have
requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the Project;
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to one hundred fifty two
million dollars ($152,000,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the
Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in
respect of such loan as provided in this Agreement;
      (C)   by an agreement (the CONALEP Project Agreement) of even
date herewith between the Bank and Colegio Nacional de Educacion
Profesional Tecnica (hereinafter called CONALEP), CONALEP has agreed
to undertake the obligations set forth in the CONALEP Project
Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
Page  2
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower and the CONALEP Project
Agreement with CONALEP, has agreed so to guarantee such obligations
of the Borrower and of CONALEP and to undertake such other obliga-
tions as set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth in the Loan Agreement (the General Condi-
tions), constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions, in the Preamble to
this Agreement and in the Preamble to and Section 1.02 of the Loan
Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                           ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. Without limitation or restriction upon any of
its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor
hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not as
surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and
interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on
the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of all the
other obligations of the Borrower and of CONALEP, all as set forth
in the Loan Agreement and the CONALEP Project Agreement,
respectively.
      Section 2.02. Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the Guarantor
specifically undertakes, whenever there is reasonable cause to
believe that the funds available to CONALEP will be inadequate to
meet the estimated expenditures required for the carrying out of the
Project, to make arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank, promptly to
provide CONALEP or cause CONALEP to be provided with such funds as
are needed to meet such expenditures.
                            ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. Without any limitation or restriction upon any
of its other obligations under this Agreement, the Guarantor shall:
(a) take all measures required to assist CONALEP (including
provision of CAPFCE services for the carrying out of civil works) in
carrying out its obligations under the CONALEP Project Agreement;
and (b) not take or permit to be taken any action which would
prevent or interfere with the performance by CONALEP of its
obligations under the CONALEP Project Agreement.
      Section 3.02. The Guarantor shall enter into the contractual
arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 of the Loan Agreement and,
except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, shall not change or fail
to enforce any provision of such contractual arrangements.
      Section 3.03. The Guarantor shall participate in the annual
and mid-term reviews referred to in Sections 2.15 and 2.16 of the
CONALEP Project Agreement.
                          ARTICLE IV
            Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 4.01. The Director General de Captacion de Credito
Page  3
Externo of the Guarantor is designated as representative of the
Guarantor for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Condi-
tions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Direccion General de Captacion de Credito Externo
            Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico
            Palacio Nacional
            Patio Central, piso 4
            Despacho 4025
            06066 Mexico, D.F.
            Mexico
            Fax:                          Telex:
               522-7550                           1777313 SHDCME
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in Bangkok, Thailand, as of the day
and year first above written.
                        UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                        By /s/ Pedro Aspe Armella
                                         Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                          RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                        By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
