Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3358 ME
                (Third Technical Training Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
         COLEGIO NACIONAL DE EDUCACION PROFESIONAL TECNICA
                      Dated October 14, 1991
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3358 ME
                     CONALEP PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated October 14, 1991, between INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and COLEGIO NACIONAL
DE EDUCACION PROFESIONAL TECNICA (CONALEP).
      WHEREAS by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between
Nacional Financiera, S.N.C. (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank
has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to one hundred fifty two million dollars
($152,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that CONALEP agrees to undertake
such obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      WHEREAS CONALEP, in consideration of the Bank's entering into
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
Page  2
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. CONALEP declares its commitment to the objec-
tives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and to this end, shall carry out the Project described in
said Schedule with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity
with appropriate administrative, financial and educational prac-
tices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as
needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for the Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and consultants' services required for the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be
governed by the provisions of the Schedule to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. CONALEP shall enter into the contractual
arrangements with the Borrower and the Guarantor referred to in
Section 3.01 of the Loan Agreement. Except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree, CONALEP shall not change or fail to enforce any
provision of such arrangements.
      Section 2.04. CONALEP shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and
land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the CONALEP Project
Agreement.
      Section 2.05. CONALEP shall promptly inform the Bank of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Loan, or the performance by CONALEP of its obligations under this
Agreement.
      Section 2.06. (a) With regard to Part D of the Project,
CONALEP shall carry out the following eleven studies:
            (i)   a study to determine demand in the labor market
                  for skilled workers and middle-level technicians;
           (ii)   a study to determine how CONALEP can assist in
                  training workers for the in-bond assembly indus-
                  try (maquiladora) sector;
          (iii)   a study to determine how CONALEP can assist in
                  training workers for the tourism sector;
           (iv)   a study to determine how CONALEP can assist in
                  providing basic job skills to the urban and rural
                  poor, particularly in areas where CONALEP centers
                  do not exist;
            (v)   a study to determine how to improve recruitment
                  for the career programs currently offered by
                  CONALEP;
           (vi)   a study to determine how to reduce the level of
                  CONALEP dropouts;
          (vii)   a study to: (A) determine how to improve CON-
                  ALEP's information-gathering regarding: (1) the
                  placement and earnings of CONALEP graduates for a
                  period exceeding one year after their departure
                  from CONALEP; (2) the placement and earnings of
Page  3
                  individuals who have not undergone CONALEP train-
                  ing, appropriately selected for the purposes of
                  the study; and (3) feedback from CONALEP gradu-
                  ates with respect to their experiences in CONALE-
                  P; (B) actually collect such information and
                  feedback and make comparisons with the experienc-
                  es of individuals who have not undergone CONALEP
                  training; and (C) arrive at recommendations
                  regarding how to use such information and feed-
                  back to improve CONALEP's training programs;
         (viii)   a study to determine: (A) current levels of
                  technology in use in the modern Mexican workplace
                  and expected changes in such levels during the
                  next ten years; and (B) the steps required for
                  CONALEP to adapt its training programs to such
                  levels;
           (ix)   a study to determine the types of technical
                  assistance required by micro-, small- and medium-
                  scale enterprises in Mexico;
            (x)   a study to determine how to refine and upgrade
                  the micro-enterprise development program cur-
                  rently offered by CONALEP to its regular third-
                  year students; and
           (xi)   a study to determine how to improve CONALEP's
                  administration of its physical, financial and
                  human resources, including its cost recovery
                  criteria and procedures and its cost accounting
                  system.
      (b)   CONALEP shall cause each of the eleven studies referred
to in paragraph (a) of this Section to be completed by the date
specified in the terms of reference for such study (which date shall
be March 31, 1993 in the case of the studies referred to in
paragraph (a) (v, vi, vii and xi) of this Section). CONALEP shall
cause at least seven of such studies to be initiated no later than
one year after the Effective Date (of these seven studies, the ones
referred to in paragraph (a) (v, vi, vii and xi) of this Section
shall be initiated no later than six months after the Effective
Date).
      (c)   Within 60 days of the completion of each study referred
to in paragraph (a) of this Section, CONALEP shall furnish to the
Bank a summary of such study together with the study's conclusions
and recommendations.
      (d)   Within six months after the completion of each study
referred to in paragraph (a) of this Section (three months in the
case of the studies referred to in paragraph (a) (v, vi, vii and xi)
of this Section), CONALEP shall: (i) without limitation to the
provision of Section 9.01 of the General Conditions, exchange views
with the Guarantor, the Borrower and the Bank on the recommendations
of each such study; (ii) prepare an action plan, satisfactory to the
Bank, to implement the recommendations of each such study; and (iii)
begin carrying out each such action plan in a timely manner, in
accordance with its terms.
      Section 2.07. No later than June 30, 1992, CONALEP shall
prepare and begin carrying out an action plan, satisfactory to the
Bank, in a timely manner, in accordance with its terms, to reduce
per student administrative expenses at about 50 CONALEP centers
where such expenses are the highest according to the latest data
available at the time the action plan is prepared. For purposes of
this Section, the term "administrative expenses" means all expenses
related to the administration and to the personnel (excluding
teaching staff) of such centers.
      Section 2.08. Throughout the course of Project implementation,
CONALEP shall increase its cost recovery receipts from local
Page  4
employers (both public and private) at an annual rate satisfactory
to the Bank, so that, by the end of calendar year 1996, such
receipts shall be equivalent to 20% of CONALEP's recurrent costs.
Such receipts must be in exchange for training and other services
rendered by CONALEP, may include tuition receipts from CONALEP
trainees, as well as donations received by CONALEP, and may take the
form of cash or be in-kind. In the case of in-kind receipts
(including land), they shall be valued in a manner satisfactory to
the Bank. For purposes of this Section, "CONALEP's recurrent costs"
means all expenses incurred by CONALEP related to its operations,
including administration, adequate maintenance, taxes and payments
in lieu of taxes, but excluding depreciation, interest and other
charges on debt, as well as other capital expenditures.
      Section 2.09. CONALEP shall operate the TDACs created under
Part A.3 of the Project according to the Operational Manual,
satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 2.10. CONALEP shall operate the mobile training units
referred to in Part B.7 of the Project according to the Operational
Manual, satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 2.11. CONALEP shall operate the maintenance units and
centers referred to in Parts C.1 and C.2 of the Project according to
the Operational Manual, satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 2.12. CONALEP shall operate the equipment production
program referred to in Part C.3 of the Project according to the
Operational Manual, satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 2.13. Civil works under the Project shall be carried
out according to prototype designs and space criteria satisfactory
to the Bank. Such works shall be procured and supervised by CAPFCE
in consultation with CONALEP.
      Section 2.14. Furniture and equipment to be procured during
the first year of Project implementation shall be limited to those
items whose quantities and specifications appear in the list
presented by CONALEP to the Bank on May 17, 1991.
      Section 2.15. CONALEP, together with the Borrower and the
Guarantor, shall participate in annual reviews of Project implemen-
tation to be held in conjunction with the Bank each month of March
during Project implementation, beginning in 1992. Each such review
shall, based on progress reports on the Project prepared by CONALEP
using the M&E Indicators, examine the status of Project implementa-
tion (including the status of CONALEP's budget and its cost recovery
activities) and conclude with the finalization of an annual plan of
action satisfactory to the Bank, including specific goals and
projections for Project implementation for the immediately upcoming
twelve months as well as updates of the action plans prepared
pursuant to Section 2.06 (d) of this Agreement. Each such annual
plan of action shall be carried out by CONALEP during the
immediately upcoming twelve months.
      Section 2.16. As part of the annual review conducted during
1994, CONALEP shall conduct an in-depth Project mid-term review
under terms of reference satisfactory to the Bank, the results of
which shall be furnished to the Bank for review and comment no later
than March 31, 1994. By June 30, 1994, CONALEP shall prepare, and
begin to carry out action plans, satisfactory to the Bank, based on
the results of such mid-term review and in a timely manner according
to their terms.
      Section 2.17. CONALEP shall carry out the action plan referred
to in Section 6.01 (e) of the Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
               Management and Operations of CONALEP
      Section 3.01. CONALEP shall carry on its operations and
Page  5
conduct its affairs in accordance with sound administrative,
financial and educational practices under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. CONALEP shall at all times operate and maintain
its plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
administrative practices.
      Section 3.03. CONALEP shall take out and maintain, with
responsible insurers, insurance against such risks and in such
amounts as shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. CONALEP shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with consistently maintained sound
accounting practices its operations and financial condition,
including separate records and accounts reflecting the resources and
expenditures in connection with its execution of the Project.
      Section 4.02. (a) CONALEP shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts, referred to in
                  Section 4.01 of this Agreement, and its financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                  and expenses and related statements) for each
                  fiscal year audited, in accordance with generally
                  accepted auditing standards and procedures, by
                  independent and qualified auditors.
            (ii)  furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end
                  of each such year: (A) a certified copy of its
                  financial statements for such year as so audited;
                  and (B) the report of such audit by said auditors
                  of such scope and in such detail as the Bank
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information con-
                  cerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements and the audit thereof as the Bank
                  shall from time to time reasonably request.
      (b)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, or for all expenditures with respect to which with-
drawals were made from the Special Account, CONALEP shall provide to
the Borrower all records and accounts necessary to allow the
Borrower to perform its obligations punctually under Section 4.01 of
the Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of CONALEP thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the
Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the
Bank shall promptly notify CONALEP thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
Page  6
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      For CONALEP:
            Colegio Nacional de Educacion
               Profesional Tecnica
            Avenida CONALEP No. 5
            Colonia Lazaro Cardenas
            Codigo Postal 52140 Metepec
            Estado de Mexico
            Mexico
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of CONALEP may be taken or executed by the
Director General of CONALEP or such other person or persons as said
Director General shall designate in writing, and CONALEP shall
furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all collec-
tively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in Bangkok, Thailand, as of the day
and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                         Authorized Representative
                  COLEGIO NACIONAL DE EDUCACION
Page  7
                    PROFESIONAL TECNICA
                  By /s/ Pedro Aspe Armella
                                         Authorized Representative
                             SCHEDULE
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.    All procurement of goods, whether or not under international
competitive bidding procedures, shall take place using standard
bidding documents which are satisfactory to the Bank.
3.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall be
grouped in bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of $250,000
or more each.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in Mexico may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Instructional materials (not including computers) and library
books, estimated to cost less than $250,000, but more than $35,000,
per contract or per bid package, up to an aggregate amount
equivalent to $10,800,000; and equipment, estimated to cost less
than $250,000, but more than $25,000, per contract or per bid
package, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $6,600,000; may be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of competitive
bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with procedures satisfac-
tory to the Bank.
2.    Instructional materials (not including computers) and library
books, estimated to cost less than $35,000 per contract or per bid
package, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $4,000,000; and
equipment, estimated to cost less than $25,000 per contract or per
bid package, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $4,500,000; may
be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of
price quotations solicited from at least three suppliers eligible
under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to
the Bank.
Part D:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract procured through the
procedures referred to in Part A.1 of Section I of this Schedule,
and each of the first two contracts awarded during Project implemen-
tation through competitive bidding, advertised locally, the
procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be
made out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be modified
to ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract required to
Page  8
be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be
furnished to the Bank prior to the making of the first payment out
of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, said procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Bank has authorized
withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 20% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II. Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist CONALEP in carrying out the Project,
CONALEP shall employ consultants whose qualifications, experience
and terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Bank. Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank on the basis of
the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers
and by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in
August 1981.
