Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3465 ME
                 (Agricultural Technology Project)
                              between
                       UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                        Dated June 17, 1992
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3465 ME
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 17, 1992, between UNITED MEXICAN STATES
(the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Guarantor and Nacional Financiera S.N.C. (the
Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasibility and priority
of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, have
requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the Project;
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to one hundred fifty million
dollars ($150,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the Guarantor agree to
guarantee the obligations of the Borrower and to undertake such
other obligations in respect of such loan as provided in this
Page  2
Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower and to undertake such
other obligations as provided in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth in the Loan Agreement (the General Condi-
tions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions in the Preamble to
this Agreement and in the Preamble to and Section 1.02 of the Loan
Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, without limitation or restriction upon
any of its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the
Guarantor hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and
not as surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal
of, and interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if
any, on the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of
all the other obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in the
Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.02. The Guarantor shall enter into the contractual
arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 of the Loan Agreement and,
except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, shall not change or fail
to enforce any provisions of such contractual arrangements.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement and, to this end, without any limitation or restriction
upon any of its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement,
shall: (a) carry out Parts A and C of the Project through INIFAP and
Part B of the Project through DGESAF with due diligence and
efficiency, in accordance with each approved Annual Work Plan, and
in conformity with appropriate financial, technical, administrative,
agricultural and environmental standards and practices; and
(b) shall provide, or cause to be provided, in a timely manner, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for the
Project.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. Without limitation to the provisions of  Section
9.07 (a) (iii) of the General Conditions, the Guarantor shall, not
later than March 1 in each year during the execution of the Project,
furnish to the Bank, a report on the Project, of such scope and
detail as the Bank may reasonably request, including, inter alia:
(1) a section detailing progress in implementation of each Project
Page  3
component in the previous year; and (2) specific and justified
proposals for adjustments in project implementation based on the
results of the previous year.
      Section 3.04. The Guarantor shall, not later than August 31 of
each year during the execution of the Project, starting in 1992,
submit to the Bank, for its review and approval, a proposed annual
work program providing for the activities, implementation schedule
and proposed budget in respect of the Project during the upcoming
year.
      Section 3.05. Without limitation to the provisions of Section
9.01 of the General Conditions, the Guarantor shall:
      (a)   not later than September 30 of each year during the
execution of the Project, starting in 1992, hold annual reviews with
the Bank, such review to be based on the reports referred to in
Section 3.03 of this Agreement and to focus on the following items,
inter alia: (1) evaluation of the progress in execution and in the
achievement of the objectives of the Project based on, among other
factors, the Estimated Implementation Indicators set forth in the
letter of the Guarantor to the Bank of even date with this Agree-
ment; (2) discussions of the proposed Annual Work Plan for the
upcoming year; (3) incorporation of Rural Development Districts; and
(4) any changes in Project design and implementation that may be
necessary.
      (b)   In respect of the annual review to be held in 1994 (mid-
term review) the Guarantor and the Bank shall review, in addition to
the items referred to in (a) above, progress in the execution and in
achievement of the objectives of the Project based on, among other
factors, the Impact Indicators set forth in the letter of the
Guarantor to the Bank of even date with this Agreement.
      (c)   If as a result of any of the above annual reviews
progress in the execution or in the achievement of the objectives of
the Project is not satisfactory to the Bank, the Guarantor shall
promptly take or cause to be taken all such remedial action,
satisfactory to the Bank, as shall be necessary for the achievement
of such objectives or for the efficient execution of the Project.
      Section 3.06. The Guarantor shall carry out, or cause to be
carried out, the obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions (relating respectively
to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules,
records and reports, maintenance and land acquisition) with regard
to the Project.
      Section 3.07. The Guarantor shall: (a) maintain in each
Executing Agency an appropriate organizational structure, functions,
and staff for the efficient implementation and supervision of the
Project; (b) promptly inform the Bank of any change in the organiza-
tional structure or functions of any of the Executing Agencies; and
(c) without limitation or restriction to paragraph (a) above,
maintain the Project Unit with appropriate functions, structure and
staff.
      Section 3.08. The Guarantor shall: (a) submit to its Congress
proposed annual fiscal budgets for fiscal year 1992 and thereafter,
each of such budgets to be consistent, in the opinion of the
Guarantor and the Bank, with the Guarantor's macroeconomic policy
framework and with an adequate allocation of resources to the
Guarantor's agricultural research and extension sectors.
      (b)   By not later than March 15 of each year furnish evidence
satisfactory to the Bank of: (1) the approved budgetary allocations
for the sectors referred to in paragraph (a) above for such year;
and (2) the expenditures made by the Guarantor, through the
Executing Agencies, in the previous year in respect of the sectors
referred to in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 3.09. The Guarantor shall: (a) by August 31, 1992,
Page  4
furnish to the Bank for its approval the terms of reference for the
study referred to in Part C.2 (c) of the Project; and (b) complete
and furnish to the Bank the first-phase of the study in paragraph
(a) above by not later than June 30, 1994 (presenting the results of
one-year's monitoring of farm households to estimate the impact of
agricultural research and extension).
      Section 3.10. The Guarantor shall carry out Part B of the
Project as set forth in the letter of the Guarantor to the Bank of
even date with this Agreement.
      Section 3.11. The Guarantor shall design, in a manner
satisfactory to the Bank, the MIS by not later than August 31, 1992
and thereafter utilize the MIS in the management of INIFAP beginning
not later than January 1, 1993.
      Section 3.12. The Guarantor shall: (a) not later than
August 31, 1993, submit to the Bank: (i) an evaluation of the pilot
soil conservation program referred to in Part B (e) of the Project;
and (ii) an action plan based on such evaluation for the expansion
of such pilot soil conservation program in additional Districts; and
(b) implement thereafter the action plan as approved by the Bank.
      Section 3.13. The Guarantor shall train and allocate the
scientific support personnel needed for the proper operation of the
integrated library system and specialized laboratories referred to
in Parts A and C of the Project.
      Section 3.14. The Guarantor shall design an integrated library
system for INIFAP, not later than August 31, 1992 in a manner
satisfactory to the Bank and make the system operational by
January 1, 1993.
      Section 3.15. The Guarantor shall enter into agreements
satisfactory to the Bank with qualified agencies to monitor and
evaluate the execution of Part B of the Project and to provide
training related thereto.
      Section 3.16. The Guarantor shall, or shall cause to, carry
out any research activity involving high risk transgenic organisms
under safety standards and measures satisfactory to the Guarantor
and the Bank.
      Section 3.17. The Guarantor shall apply, or shall cause to be
applied, standards and procedures for the utilization of pesticides
in connection with extension activities under the Project that are
satisfactory to the Guarantor and the Bank.
      Section 3.18. The Guarantor shall provide by August 31, 1992
draft terms of reference for the study referred to in Part C.2 (b)
of Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement for the Bank's approval and
shall complete the initial phase of such study by June 30, 1994.
      Section 3.19. For the purpose of making research grants under
Part C.3 (b) (ii) of the Project, the Guarantor shall constitute a
Research Grants Committee composed of the Director of INIFAP,
Chairman, the Director General of DGESAF, and representative each of
SARH, CONACYT, SPP, and two representatives of the national
agricultural research community, and having the coordinator of the
Project Unit as its Secretary. The Research Grants Committee shall
operate in accordance with procedures agreed between the Guarantor
and the Bank and set forth in the Rules of Operation of CONACYT.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Guarantor shall maintain, or cause to be
maintained, records and separate accounts adequate to reflect, in
accordance with sound accounting practices, the operations,
resources and expenditures in respect of the Project.
Page  5
      (b)   The Guarantor shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section for each of its
                  fiscal years audited, in accordance with general-
                  ly accepted auditing standards and procedures
                  consistently applied, by independent and quali-
                  fied auditors;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end
                  of each such year, a certified copy of the report
                  of such audit by said auditors, of such scope and
                  in such detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information con-
                  cerning said records and accounts as well as the
                  audit thereof as the Bank shall from time to time
                  reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Guarantor shall:
            (i)   maintain, in accordance with paragraph (a) of
                  this Section, records and separate accounts
                  reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the Bank
                  has received the audit report for the fiscal year
                  in which the last withdrawal from the Loan Ac-
                  count or payment out of the Special Account was
                  made, all records (contracts, orders, invoices,
                  bills, receipts and other documents) evidencing
                  such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Bank's representatives to examine such
                  records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and separate accounts
                  are included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of expendi-
                  ture submitted during such fiscal year, together
                  with the procedures and internal controls in-
                  volved in their preparation, can be relied upon
                  to support the related withdrawals.
      (d)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
were made from the Special Account, the Guarantor shall provide to
the Borrower any information that may be required by the Borrower to
comply with the Borrower's obligations under Section 4.01 (b) of the
Loan Agreement.
                             ARTICLE V
            Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 5.01. The Director General de Captacion de Credito
Externo of the Guarantor is designated as representative of the
Guarantor for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Condi-
tions.
      Section 5.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico
            Direccion General de Captacion de Credito Externo
Page  6
            Palacio Nacional
            Primer Patio Mariano, piso 4
            Despacho 4037
            06066 Mexico, D.F.
            Mexico
                                          Telex:
                                            1777313 SHDCME
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
       IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in Mexico D. F., United Mexican
States, as of the day and year first above written.
                        UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                        By /s/ Pedro Aspe Armella
                                         Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                          RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                        By /s/ Rainer B. Steckhan
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
UNITED MEXICAN STATES
Witnessed by:
By /s/ Carlos Hank Gonzalez
