Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2108 SE
             Development Credit Agreement
            (Agricultural Services Project)
                        between
                  REPUBLIC OF SENEGAL
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                 Dated April 24, 1990
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2108 SE
             DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated April 24, 1990, between REPUBLIC OF
SENEGAL (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association).
     WHEREAS the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to
the feasibility and priority of the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has requested the
Association to assist in the financing of the Project;
     WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis,
inter alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the
Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02
deleted (the General Conditions) constitute an integral
Page  2
part of this Agreement.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions and
in the Preamble to this Agreement and the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional
terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "Special Account" means the account referred to
in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
     (b)  "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the
Borrower pursuant to exchanges of letters, dated
September 17, 1987, September 25, 1987, August 23, 1989,
and September 11, 1989, between the Borrower and the
Association;
     (c)  "MDR" means the Ministere du Developpement
Rural, of the Borrower;
     (d)  "DA" means the Direction de l'Agriculture
within MDR;
     (e)  "DE" means the Direction de l'Elevage within
the Ministere Delegue aupres du MDR charge des Ressources
Animales;
     (f)  "SAED" means Societe Nationale d'Amenagement et
d'Exploitation des Terres du Delta du Fleuve Senegal et
des Vallees du Fleuve Senegal et de la Faleme, a "Societe
Nationale" of the Borrower established pursuant to Law
No. 81-57, dated July 10, 1981;
     (g)  "ISRA" means the Institut Senegalais de
Recherches Agricoles, an Etablissement public a caractere
industries et commercial of the Borrower established
pursuant to the Borrower's Law No. 74-53, dated November
4, 1974;
     (h)  "Extension Management Unit" means the Direction
du Programme National de Vulgarisation Agricole
established pursuant to the Borrower's Arrete No. 004334
dated April 11, 1990;
     (i)  "SODEVA" means the Societe de Developpement et
de Vulizarisation Agricole, a societe anonyme established
and operating under the laws of the Borrower;
     (j)  "SAED Protocol d'Accord" means the agreement to
be entered into by the Borrower and SAED pursuant to the
provisions of Section 3.02 (a) of this Agreement;
     (k)  "SODEVA Protocol d'Accord" means the agreement
to be entered into by the Borrower and SODEVA pursuant to
the provisions of Section 3.02 (b) of this Agreement;
     (l)  "ISRA Protocol d'Accord" means the agreement to
be entered into by the Borrower and ISRA pursuant to the
provisions of Section 3.02 (c) of this Agreement; and
     (m)  "Protocols d'Accords" means, collectively, the
SAED Protocol d'Accord, the SODEVA Protocol d'Accord, and
the ISRA Protocol d'Accord.
                      ARTICLE II
                      The Credit
     Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
Page  3
referred to in the Development Credit Agreement, an
amount in various currencies equivalent to thirteen
million Special Drawing Rights (SDR 13,000,000).
     Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be
withdrawn from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for
expenditures made (or, if the Association shall so agree,
to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Credit.
     (b)  The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the
Project, open and maintain in FCFA special account in a
commercial bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to
the Association. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
     (c)  Promptly after the Effective Date, the
Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw
from the Credit Account and pay to itself the amount
required to repay the principal amount of the Project
Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of such
date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The
unwithdrawn balance of the authorized amount of the
Project Preparation Advance shall thereupon be cancelled.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31,
1994, or such later date as the Association shall
establish. The Association shall promptly notify the
Borrower of such later date.
     Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a commitment charge on the principal amount
of the Credit not withdrawn from time to time at a rate
to be set forth by the Association as of June 30 of each
year, but not to exceed, the rate of one-half of one
percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
     (b)  The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from
the date sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the
accrual date) to the respective dates on which amounts
shall be withdrawn by the Borrower from the Credit
Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate est as of the
June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at
such other rates as may be set from time to time
thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a) above. The rate set
as of June 30 in each year shall be applied from the next
date in that year specified in Section 2.06 of this
Agreement.
     (c)  The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at
such places as the Association shall reasonably request;
(ii) without restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in
the territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency
specified in this Agreement for the purposes of Section
4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other eligible
currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that
Section.
     Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a service charge at the rate of three-fourths
of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal
amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time
to time.
     Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges
shall be payable semiannually on February 1 and August 1
in each year.
Page  4
     Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c)
below, the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Credit in semi-annual installments payable on each
February 1 and August 1, commencing August 1, 2000, and
ending February 1, 2030. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on February 1, 2010,
shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and
each installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of
such principal amount.
     (b)  Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national
product per capita, as determined by the Association,
shall have exceeded $790 in constant 1985 dollars for
five consecutive years; and (ii) the Bank shall consider
the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval
thereof by the Executive Directors of the Association and
after due consideration by them of the development of the
Borrower's economy, modify the terms of repayment of
installments under paragraph (a) above by requiring the
Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the
Borrower, the Association may revise such modification to
include, in lieu of some of all of the increase in the
amounts of such installments, the payment of interest at
an annual rate agreed with the Association on the
principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding
from time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the
Association, such revision shall not change the grant
element obtained under the above mentioned repayment
modification.
     (c)  If, at any time after a modification of terms
pursuant to paragraph (b) above, the Association
determines that the Borrower's economic condition has
deteriorated significantly, the Association may, if so
requested by the Borrower, further modify the terms of
repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
     Section 2.08. The currency of the French Republic is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the
General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE III
               Execution of the Project
     Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and, to this end, shall
carry out Part A. 1 of the Project through DA and DE,
Part A.2 of the Project through DA, Part A.3 of the
Project through DE, Parts B and D of the Project through
the Extension Management Unit, Part E of the Project
through MDR, shall cause SAED to carry out Part A.4 of
the Project, shall cause SODEVA to carry out Part A.5 of
the Project, and shall cause ISRA to carry out Part C of
the Project, all with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate administrative, financial and
engineering practices, and shall provide, promptly as
needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for the Project.
     (b)  Without limitation upon the provisions of
Section 3.01 (a), the Borrower shall establish and
maintain during execution of the Project, an account for
the purpose of making its contribution available for the
purpose of the Project and make deposits, in a timely
manner, into such account.
Page  5
     Section 3.02. (a) For the purpose of carrying out
Part C of the Project, the Borrower shall enter with SAED
into an agreement (the SAED Protocol d'Accord) whose
terms and conditions shall be acceptable to the
Association, which shall include the responsibilities of
SAED regarding the carrying out of Part A.4 of the
Project, and the provision for the transfer of the
proceeds of the Credit required for the carrying out of
Part A.4 of the Project on a non-reimbursable basis.
     (b)  For the purpose of carrying out Part A.5 of the
Project, the Borrower shall enter with SODEVA into an
agreement (the SODEVA Protocol d'Accord) whose terms and
conditions shall be acceptable to the Association, which
shall include the responsibilities of SODEVA regarding
the carrying out of Part A.5 of the Project, and the
provision for the transfer of the proceeds of the Credit
required for the carrying out of Part A.5 of the Project
on a non-reimbursable basis.
     (c)  For the purpose of carrying out Part B of the
Project, the Borrower shall enter with ISRA into an
agreement (the ISRA Protocol d'Accord) whose terms and
conditions shall be acceptable to the Association, which
shall include the responsibilities of ISRA regarding the
carrying out of Part B of the Project, and the provision
for the transfer of the proceeds of the Credit required
for the carrying out of Part B of the Project on a non-
reimbursable basis.
     (d)  The Borrower shall exercise its rights under
the Protocols d'Accords in such manner as to protect the
interests of the Borrower and the Association and to
accomplish the purposes of the Credit and, except as the
Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not
assign, amend, abrogate or waive the Protocols d'Accords
or any provision thereof.
     Section 3.03. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods, works and
consultants' services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this
Agreement.
     Section 3.04. By June 30, 1992, the Borrower shall
review with the Association the progress made in the
execution of the Project, in particular in view of the
further geographic extension of the Programme National de
Vulgarisation Agricole, the performance of the SAED,
SODEVA, and ISRA under the respective Protocol d'Accord
and shall cause SODEVA, SAED and ISRA to participate in
such review. In case that during such review problems
shall be identified relating to the execution of the
Project, the Borrower shall take adequate measures to
remedy them.
     Section 3.05. During execution of the Project, the
Borrower shall maintain the Central Accounting and
Procurement Unit, referred to in Section 6.01 (a) of this
agreement with adequate responsibilities and staff and
employ, at all times, for such unit a chief accountant
with qualifications and experience acceptable to the
Association.
     Section 3.06. By December 31, 1990, the Borrower
shall submit to the Association model plans for
rehabilitation of the buildings of the provincial
inspections of DA and DE and of livestock posts.
     Section 3.07. (a) During execution of the Project,
Page  6
the Borrower shall maintain a national committee for
agricultural research, to be chaired by the Director of
the Extension Management Unit and to include
representatives of research, extension and development
agencies.
     (b)  By April 30, 1990, the Borrower shall establish
six regional technical committees, to be chaired by one
of the extension agencies and to include extension and
research representatives and representatives of the
farming community.
     (c)  The Borrower shall take all necessary actions
that the committees referred to in paragraphs (a) and (b)
of this Section shall meet at least semiannually.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or
cause to be maintained records and accounts adequate to
reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices the
operations, resources and expenditures in respect of the
Project of the departments or agencies of the Borrower
responsible for carrying out the Project or any part
thereof.
     (b)  The Borrower shall:
          (i)  have the records and accounts referred to
               in paragraph (a) of this Section,
               including those for the Special Accounts
               for each fiscal year audited, in
               accordance with appropriate auditing
               principles consistently applied by
               independent auditors acceptable to the
               Association;
          (ii) furnish to the Association, as soon as
               available, but in any case not later than
               six months after the end of each such
               year, a certified copy of the report of
               such audit by said auditors, of such
               scope and in such detail as the
               Association shall have reasonably
               requested; and
         (iii) furnish to the Association such
               other information concerning said
               records, accounts and the audit
               thereof as the Association shall
               from time to time reasonably
               request.
     (c)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the
basis of statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
          (i)  maintain or cause to be maintained, in
               accordance with paragraph (a) of this
               Section, records and accounts reflecting
               such expenditures;
          (ii) retain, until at least one year after the
               Association has received the audit for
               the fiscal year in which the last
               withdrawal from the Credit Account was
               made, all records (contracts, orders,
               invoices, bills, receipts and other
               documents) evidencing such expenditures;
Page  7
         (iii) enable the Association's
               representatives to examine such
               records; and
          (iv) ensure that such records and accounts are
               included in the annual audit referred to
               in paragraph (b) of this Section and that
               the report of such audit contains a
               separate opinion by said auditors as to
               whether the statements of expenditure
               submitted during such fiscal year,
               together with the procedures and internal
               controls involved in their preparation,
               can be relied upon to support the related
               withdrawals.
                       ARTICLE V
              Remedies of the Association
     Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  SODEVA, SAED or ISRA shall have failed to
perform any of their respective obligations under the
respective Protocol d'Accord.
     (b)  As a result of events which have occurred after
the date of the Development Credit Agreement, an
extraordinary situation shall have arisen which shall
make it improbable that SODEVA, SAED and ISPA will be
able to perform their respective obligations under the
Project.
     (c)  The Borrower or any other authority having
jurisdiction shall have taken any action for the
dissolution or disestablishment of SODEVA, SAED and ISRA
or for the suspension of their operations.
     Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7,01 (b) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
Specified:
     (a)  any event specified in paragraph (a) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for
a period of 30 days after notice thereof shall have been
given by the Association to the Borrower; and
     (b)  any event specified in paragraph (c) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                      ARTICLE VI
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 6.01. The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of the
Development Credit Agreement within the meaning of
Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
     (a)  a Central Accounting and Procurement Unit
within the Extension Management Unit has been established
and a chief accountant, with qualifications and
experience acceptable to the Association, has been
appointed for such unit; and
     (b)  the SAED Protocol d'Accord, the SODEVA Protocol
d'Accord and the ISRA Protocol d'Accord have been signed
in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.02 (a)
through (c) of this Agreement.
Page  8
     Section 6.02. The date ninety (90) days after the
date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the
purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VII
       Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 7.01. The Minister of the Borrower at the
time responsible for finance is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
     Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
          Ministere de l'Economie et des Finances
          Rue Charles Laine
          B.P. 4017
          Dakar
          Senegal
          Cable address:                Telex:
               MINIFINANCES             32035 GS
               Dakar
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS                  440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA) or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               REPUBLIC OF SENEGAL
               By /s/ Ibra Deguene KA
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                                Regional Vice President
                                                 Africa
                      SCHEDULE 1
       Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
Page  9
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the
allocation of the amounts of the Credit to each Category
and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                       Amount of the
                     Credit Allocated      % of
                       (Expressed in   Expenditures
   Category           SDR Equivalent) to be Financed
(1) Civil works           300,000       100%
(2) Equipment             650,000       100%
(3) Vehicles            1,200,000       100%
(4) Training            2,400,000       100%
(5) On-farm             1,500,000       100%
    research
    trials
(6) Salaries              650,000       100%
(7) Operating           3,250,000       75% up to an agge-
    costs                               regate amount of
                                        SDR 2,500,000 and
                                        50% thereafter
(8) Consultants'          750,000       100%
    services
(9) Refunding of        1,300,000       Amount due pur-
    Project Prepara-                    suant to Section
    tion Advance                        2.02 (c) of this
                                        Agreement
(10)Unallocated         1,000,000
       TOTAL           13,000,000
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule the term operating
costs means expenditures related to operation and
maintenance of vehicles and equipment and allowances of
field staff.
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made
for expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement.
                      SCHEDULE 2
              Description of the Project
     The objectives of the Project are to improve
agricultural support services to farmers and herders.
     The Project consists of the following parts, subject
to such modifications thereof as the Borrower and the
Association may agree upon from time to time to achieve
such objectives:
Part A:   Extension Service Improvement
1.   Strengthening of DA's and DE's field extension
activities through training and provision of equipment,
vehicles and motorcycles.
2.   Renovation of buildings of about ten Inspections
Regionales de l'Agriculture of DA.
Page  10
3.   Renovation of buildings of about ten selected
veterinary
posts and four Inspections Regionales de l'Elevage of DE.
4.   Reorganization and strengthening of SAED's extension
service through training of its extension staff and
provision of motorcycles and vehicles.
5.   Strengthening of SODEVA's extension service through
training of its extension staff and provision of
motorcycles and vehicles.
Part B:   Extension Management Unit
1.   Strengthening of the Extension Management Unit
through provision of equipment and vehicles.
2.   Implementation of an effectiveness monitoring system
of
extension activities of DA, DE, SAED and SODEVA.
3.   Carrying out of studies for the improvement of the
extension monitoring system and communication techniques.
Part C:   On Farm Trials
     Carrying out of a farm research at least 500
farmers' plots in selected areas and provision of
vehicles.
Part D:   Functional Literacy and Training of Farm
Leaders
1.   Training of extension staff in functional literacy
training techniques.
2.   Carrying out of functional literacy training
programs for about 10,000 farmers and herders.
3.   Carrying out of seminars through producer
organizations to inform farm leaders about the extension
system, and organization of at least three one-day
meetings to be held each season among regional
responsible for extension, extension staff and farm
leaders.
Part E:   Ministry of Rural Development
     Strengthening of the analytical capacity of MDR in
the formulation and evaluation of rural development
policies, project appraisal and performance monitoring of
project execution and provision of training, equipment
and vehicles therefore.
                       *   *   *
     The Project is expected to be completed by June 30,
1994.
                      SCHEDULE 3
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
     Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I
and II of the 'Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985
Page  11
(the Guidelines).
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured
in Senegal may be granted a margin of preference in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs
1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Goods estimated to cost less than the equivalent of
$100,000 up to an aggregate amount of the equivalent of
$1,000,000 may, and civil works shall, be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding,
advertised locally, in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Association.
2.   Goods estimated to cost less than the equivalent of
$30,000 per contract up to an aggregate amount equivalent
of $300,000 may be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of comparison of price quotations solicited
from a list of at least three suppliers eligible under
the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable
to the Association.
Part D:   Review by the Association of Procurement
Decisions
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each contract estimated to cost
the equivalent of $100,000 or more, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract
are to be made out of the Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished
to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall
be furnished to the Association prior to the making of
the first payment out of the Special Account in respect
of such contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Association pursuant to said para-
graph 3 shall be furnished to the Association as part of
the evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of
Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
2.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist in the carrying out of the
Project, the Borrower shall employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Association. Such
consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank
as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August
Page  12
1981.
                      SCHEDULE 4
                    Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "eligible Categories" means Categories
(1) through (8) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of
Schedule I to this Agreement;
     (b)  the term "eligible expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit allocated from time to
time to the eligible Categories in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
     (c)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an
amount of 350 million FCFA to be withdrawn from the
Credit Account and deposited into the Special Account
pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.   Payments out of the Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with
the provisions of this Schedule.
3.   After the Association has received evidence
satisfactory to it that the Special Account have been
duly opened, withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and
subsequent withdrawals to replenish the Special Account
shall be made as follows:
     (a)  For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation,
the Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request
or requests for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed
the aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation. On the
basis of such request or requests, the Association shall,
on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit
Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount
or amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
     (b)  (i)  For Replenishment of the Special Account,
               the Borrower shall furnish to the
               Association requests for deposits into
               the Special Account at such intervals as
               the Association shall specify.
          (ii) Prior to or at the time of each such
               request, the Borrower shall furnish to
               the Association the documents and other
               evidence required pursuant to paragraph 4
               of this Schedule for the payment: or pay-
               ments in respect of which replenishment
               is requested. On the basis of each such
               request, the Association shall, on behalf
               of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit
               Account and deposit into the Special
               Account such amount as the Borrower shall
               have requested and as shall have been
               shown by said documents and other
               evidence to have been paid out of the
               Special Account for eligible
               expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association
from the Credit Account under the respective eligible
Categories, and in the respective equivalent amounts, as
shall have been justified by said documents and other
evidence.
Page  13
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of the
Special Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the
Association shall reasonably request, furnish to the
Association such documents and other evidence showing
that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
expenditures.
5.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of
this Schedule, the Association shall not be required to
make further deposits into the Special Account:
     (a)  if, at any time, the Association shall have
determined that all further withdrawals should be made by
the Borrower directly from the Credit Account in
accordance with the provisions of Article V of the
General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
     (b)  once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of
any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General
Conditions with respect to the Project, shall equal the
equivalent of twice the aggregate of the amounts referred
to in paragraph 1 (c) of this Schedule.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to
the eligible Categories shall follow such procedures as
the Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower.
Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and to
the extent that the Association shall have been satisfied
that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special
Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.   (a)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was
made for an expenditure or in an amount not eligible
pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule; (ii) was not
justified by the evidence furnished to the Association,
the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the
Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special
Account (or, if the Association shall so request, refund
to the Association) an amount equal to the amount of such
payment or the portion thereof not so eligible or
justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise agree,
no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided
such evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case
may be.
     (b)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any amount outstanding in the Special Account
will not be required to cover further payments for
eligible expenditures, the Borrower shall, promptly upon
notice from the Association, refund to the Association
such outstanding amount.
     (c)  The Borrower may, upon notice to the
Association, refund to the Association all or any portion
of the funds on deposit in the Special Account.
     (d)  Refunds to the Association made pursuant to
paragraphs 6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be
credited to the Credit Account for subsequent withdrawal
or for cancellation in accordance with the relevant
provisions of this Agreement, including the General
Conditions.
Page  14
