Page  1
                                          CONFORMED COPY
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2759 GU
                   Project Agreement
         (Water Supply Rehabilitation Project)
                        between
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                          and
              MUNICIPALIDAD DE GUATEMALA
                 Dated August 26, 1988
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2759 GU
                   PROJECT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated August 26, 1988, between
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank) and MUNICIPALIDAD DE GUATEMALA
(Municipalidad).
     WHEREAS   (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date
herewith between the Republic of Guatemala (the Borrower)
and the Bank, the Bank has agreed to make available to
the Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent
to twenty-three million dollars ($23,000,000), on the
terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but
only on condition that the Municipalidad agree to
undertake such obligations toward the Bank as are set
forth in this Agreement; and
    (B)  by a subsidiary loan agreement (the Subsidiary
Loan Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower
Page  2
and the Municipalidad, the proceeds of the loan provided
for under the Loan Agreement will he made available to
the Municipalidad on the terms and conditions set forth
in the Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
    WHEREAS the Municipalidad, in consideration of the
Bank's entering into the Loan Agreement with the
Borrower, has agreed to undertake the obligations set
forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
                      Definitions
    Section  1.01.  Unless the context otherwise
requires, the several terms defined in the Loan
Agreement, the Preamble to this Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings
therein set forth.
                      ARTICLE II
               Execution of the Project
    Section 2.01. (a) The Municipalidad declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement,  and,  to this end,
acting through EMPAGUA, shall carry out the ProJect with
due diligence and efficiency and in conformity  with
appropriate administrative, financial, engineering and
water utility practices, and shall provide, or cause to
be provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for the carrying
out of the Project.
    (b)  As part of carrying out the Project through
EMPAGUA, the Municipalidad shall empower EMPAGUA to take
the actions in Schedule 2 to this Agreement without
obtaining any prior approval, clearance or other
acknowledgement from any office, department or agency of
the Municipalidad; provided, however, that for any other
actions which the Municipalidad shall take through
EMPAGUA pursuant to the provisions of the Project
Agreement and which are not expressly referred to in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement, the approval of the Consejo
Municipal of the Municipalidad may be sought if required
by law.
    (c)  The Municipalidad shall maintain and staff
EMPAGUA, including its institutional development unit, in
a manner satisfactory to the Bank for the purpose of
carrying out the Project.
    Section  2.02.  Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for the Project and to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
    Section  2.03.  The Municipalidad, acting through
EMPAGUA, shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods
and services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in
respect of the Project Agreement.
    Section 2.04. The Municipalidad shall duly perform
Page  3
all its obligations under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, the
Municipalidad shall not take or concur in any action
which would have the effect of amending, abrogating,
assigning or waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any
provision thereof.
    Section 2.05. (a) The Municipalidad, acting through
EMPAGUA, shall, at the request of the Bank, exchange
views with the Bank with regard to progress of the
Project, the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and
other matters relating to the purposes of the Loan.
    (b)  The Municipalidad shall promptly inform the Bank
of any condition which interferes or threatens to
interfere with the progress of the Project, the
accomplishment of the purposes of the Loan, or the
performance by the Municipalidad of its obligations under
this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
    Section  2.06.  The Municipalidad shall, no later
than January 31, 1989, enter into contractual
arrangements with one or more consultants or water
utility companies for the purpose of carrying out Part A
of the Project.
    Section  2.07.  The Municipalidad, acting through
EMPAGUA, shall, not later than April 30, 1989, design
and implement procedures satisfactory to the Bank for
the use, control and maintenance of vehicles used in its
operations (including the Project).
    Section  2.08.  The Municipalidad acting through
EMPAGUA, shall: (i) not later than June 30, 1990, present
to the Bank for its review and comment a detailed
proposal for revising or replacing: (a) its system of
granting "water rights (pajas de agua) to users; and (b)
its structure of tariffs pursuant to Part A.l (e) of the
Project; and (ii) taking into account the comments of the
Bank thereon, not later than January 31, 1991 implement
a program satisfactory to the Bank in order to effect
such proposal.
    Section  2.09.  Without limiting the obligations of
the Municipalidad under Sections 9.01, 9.02, 9.06 and
9.07 of the General Conditions: (a) the Municipalidad,
acting through EMPAGUA and with the assistance of the
consultants and/or utilities referred to in Section 2.06,
shall present to the Bank for its review and approval:
(i) within one hundred and twenty (120) days after the
commencement of the consultancy services referred to in
Section 2.06 of this Agreement, an overall action plan,
covering the duration of the Project, containing
proposals for the implementation of the Project; and (ii)
at the same time and annually thereafter until completion
of the Project, an annual action plan for the succeeding
12-month period, containing proposals and performance
targets for the implementation of the Project during such
annual period;
     (b)  the Municipalidad, acting through EMPAGUA,
undertakes that EMPAGUA shall: (i) meet the Key
Performance Targets for the years respectively specified
in Schedule 3 to the Project Agreement; and (ii) carry
out the actions described in the overall action plan and
the annual action plans referred in clause (a) of this
Section 2.09; and
     (c)  on or before February 28 and August 31 of each
year until completion of the Project, the Municipalidad,
acting through EMPAGUA, shall present to the Bank, in
Page  4
such form and detail as the Bank may require,
semi-annual reports on the progress of Project
implementation and operating and financial performance,
covering, respectively, the six-month period ending the
previous December 31 and June 30, and including comments
on the achievement of the Key Performance Targets and the
carrying out of the actions referred to in clause (b) of
this Section 2.09.
                      ARTICLE III
         Management and Operations of EMPAGUA
    Section  3.01.  The Municipalidad, acting through
EMPAGUA, shall carry on EMPAGUA's operations and conduct
EMPAGUA's affairs in accordance with sound
administrative,  financial, accounting and water utility
practices under the supervision of qualified and
experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
    Section  3.02.  The Municipalidad, acting through
EMPAGUA, shall at all times operate and maintain
EMPAGUA's plant, machinery, equipment and other property,
and from time to time, promptly as needed, make all
necessary repairs and renewals thereof, all in accordance
with sound engineering, financial and water utility
practices.
    Section  3.03.  The Municipalidad, acting through
EMPAGUA, shall take out and maintain with responsible
insurers, insurance against such risks and in such
amounts as shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
    Section 4.01. (a) The Municipalidad, acting through
EMPAGUA, shall  maintain  records  and  accounts
adequate  to  reflect  in accordance with sound
accounting practices the operations and financial
condition of EMPAGUA, including, without limitation,
separate accounts reflecting the resources and
expenditures related to the Project.
     (b)  The Municipalidad undertakes that EMPAGUA
shall:
     (i)      have its accounts and financial statements
              (balance sheets, statements of income and
              expenses and related statements) for each
              fiscal year audited, in accordance with
              appropriate auditing principles
              consistently applied, by independent
              auditors acceptable to the Bank;
     (ii)     furnish to the Bank as soon as available,
              but in any case not later than six months
              after the end of each such year: (A)
              certified copies of its financial
              statements for such year as so audited;
              and (B) the report of such audit by said
              auditors of such scope and in such detail
              as the Bank shall have reasonably
              requested; and
     (iii)     furnish to the Bank such other
               information concerning said accounts and
               financial statements as well as the audit
               thereof and said records, as the Bank
               shall from time to time reasonably
Page  5
               request.
     (c)  For all expenditures in carrying out the
Project and with respect to which withdrawals from the
Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Municipalidad shall, through EMPAGUA:
     (i)       maintain, in accordance with paragraph
               (a) of this Section, separate records and
               accounts reflecting such expenditures;
     (ii)      retain, until at least one year after the
               Bank has received the audit report for
               the fiscal year in which the last
               withdrawal from the Loan Account was
               made, all records (contracts, order,s
               invoices, bills, receipts and other
               documents) evidencing such expenditures;
     (iii)     enable the Bank's representatives to
               examine such records; and
     (iv)      ensure that such separate accounts are
               included in the annual audits referred to
               in paragraph (b) of this Section and that
               the report thereof contains, in respect
               of such separate accounts, a separate
               opinion by said auditors as to whether
               the proceeds of the Loan withdrawn in
               respect of such expenditures were used
               for the purposes for which they were
               provided.
    Section 4.02. On or before September 30 of each year
until completion of the Project, the Municipalidad
shall, through EMPAGUA, provide to the Bank, for its
review and approval, a financial plan which: (i) shall
specify financial performance targets to be achieved by
EMPAGUA during the succeeding three years;  and (ii)
shall contain financial projections and investment plans
for the succeeding three years, including specific
measures to be taken such as tariff and revenue
adjustments and operational changes.
    Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, the Municipalidad undertakes that EMPAGUA shall
produce, for each of its fiscal years after its fiscal
year ending on December 31, 1987, funds from internal
sources equivalent to not less than the percentage
specified below of the annual average of EMPAGUA's
capital expenditures incurred, or expected to be
incurred, for that year, the previous fiscal year, and
the next following fiscal year.  For purposes of the
preceding sentence, the following percentages are hereby
specified: (i) 0% for 1988; (ii) 5% for 1989; (iii) 10%
for 1990; (iv) 15% for 1991; and (v) 25% for 1992 and
thereafter.
    (b)  The Municipalidad undertakes that EMPAGUA, on
the basis of forecasts prepared by EMPAGUA and
satisfactory to the Bank, shall review, before September
30 in each of its fiscal years, whether it would meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) in respect of
such year and the next following fiscal year and shall
furnish to the Bank a copy of such review upon its
completion.
    (c)  If any such review shows that EMPAGUA would not
meet the requirements set forth in paragraph (a), for
EMPAGUA's fiscal years covered by such review, the
Municipalidad undertakes that EMPAGUA promptly shall take
all necessary measures in order to meet such
Page  6
requirements.
     (d)  For the purposes of this Section:
     (i)       The term funds from internal sources
               means the difference between:
               (A)  the sum of revenues from all sources
                    related to operations, consumer
                    deposits and consumer contributions
                    in aid of construction, betterment
                    contributions, other capital
                    contributions from private sources,
                    net non-operating income, receipts
                    from the sale of water rights and
                    any reduction in working capital
                    other than cash; and
               (B)  the sum of all expenses related to
                    operations, including
                    administration, adequate maintenance
                    and taxes and payments in lieu of
                    taxes (excluding provision for
                    depreciation and other non-cash
                    operating charges), debt service
                    requirements, all cash dividends and
                    other cash distributions of surplus,
                    increase in working capital other
                    than cash and other cash outflows
                    other than capital expenditures.
     (ii)      The term "net non-operating income means
               the difference between:
               (A)  revenues from all sources other than
                    those related to operations; and
               (B)  expenses, including taxes and
                    payments in lieu of taxes, incurred
                    in the generation of revenues in (A)
                    above.
     (iii)     The term working capital other than cash
               means the difference between current
               assets excluding cash and current
               liabilities at the end of each fiscal
               year.
     (iv)      The term current assets excluding cash"
               means all assets other than cash which
               could in the ordinary course of business
               be converted into cash within twelve
               months, including accounts receivable,
               marketable securities, inventories and
               prepaid expenses properly chargeable to
               operating expenses within the next fiscal
               year.
     (v)       The term 'current liabilities' means all
               liabilities which will become due and
               payable or could under circumstances then
               existing be called for payment within
               twelve months, including accounts
               payable, customer advances, debt service
               requirements, taxes and payments in lieu
               of taxes, and dividends.
     (vi)      The term "debt service requirements"
               means the aggregate amount of repayments
               (including sinking fund payments, if any)
               of, and interest and other charges on,
               debt.
Page  7
     (vii)     The term "capital expenditures means all
               expenditures incurred on account of fixed
               assets, including interest charged to
               construction, related to operations.
     (viii)    Whenever for the purposes of this
               Section and Section 4.04 below it shall
               be necessary to value, in terms of the
               currency of the Borrower, debt payable in
               another currency, such valuation shall be
               made on the basis of the prevailing
               lawful rate of exchange at which such
               other currency is, at the time of such
               valuation, obtainable for the purposes of
               servicing such debt, or, in the absence
               of such rate, on the basis of a rate of
               exchange acceptable to the Bank.
    Section 4.04. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, the Municipalidad undertakes that EMPAGUA, at all
times after December 31, 1987, shall maintain a ratio of
current assets of EMPAGUA to current liabilities of
EMPAGUA of not less than 1.2 to 1.
    (b)  The Municipalidad undertakes that EMPAGUA, on
the basis of forecasts prepared by EMPAGUA and
satisfactory to the Bank, shall review, before September
30 in each of its fiscal years, whether it would meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) in respect of
such year and the next following fiscal year and shall
furnish to the Bank the results of such review upon its
completion.
     (c)  If any such review shows that EMPAGUA would not
meet the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for
EMPAGUA' s fiscal years covered by such review, the
Municipalidad undertakes that EMPAGUA promptly shall take
all necessary measures in order to meet such
requirements.
     (d)  For the purposes of this Section:
     (i)       The term "current assets means cash and
               all assets which could in the ordinary
               course of business be converted into cash
               within twelve months, including accounts
               receivable, marketable securities,
               inventories and pre-paid expenses
               properly chargeable to operating expenses
               within the next fiscal year.
     (ii)      The  term 'current liabilities shall
               have the meaning set forth in Section
               4.03 (d) (v) above.
     Section  4.05.  The Municipalidad undertakes that
EMPAGUA shall prepare and furnish to the Bank for its
review and approval, not later than September 30, 1989,
and every year thereafter until completion of the
Project, an Investment Program for the following three-
year period.  For the purpose of this Section 4.05, the
term "Investment Program" means a three-year program of
EMPAGUA to rehabilitate, modernize, develop and
distribute more effectively its water supply as needed
for the greater metropolitan area, as such program may be
updated annually with the approval of the Bank.
     Section 4.06.  Until the Project shall have been
completed:
    (a)  the Municipalidad undertakes that EMPAGUA shall:
Page  8
(i) inform the Bank of any proposal of EMPAGUA to make
any capital expenditure for EMPAGUA's expansion program
other than expenditures required for the Project or for
other projects carried out by either EMPAGUA or the
Municipalidad and financed by the Bank; and (ii) prior to
the commitment of such capital expenditure, furnish to
the Bank for its comments, a report showing that such
capital expenditure is economically justified and
financially sound, and that financing is available on
terms and conditions which will not adversely affect
EMPAGUA's financial position, the carrying out of the
Project or any other project financed by the Bank; and
    (b)  for purposes of this Section, "capital
expenditure" means all expenditures incurred on account
of fixed assets, including interest charged to
construction, exceeding the equivalent of $500,000
    Section  4.07.  The Municipalidad shall, through
EMPAGUA, review with the Bank, from time to time, the
financial condition and operational performance of
EMPAGUA.  To that end, the Municipalidad, through
EMPAGUA, shall provide all information necessary or
appropriate for the purpose of conducting such reviews,
which shall occur within nine months after the Effective
Date and at all other times reasonably requested by the
Bank.
                       ARTICLE V
             Effective Date; Termination;
              Cancellation and Suspension
    Section  5.01.  This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Loan Agreement
becomes effective.
    Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of
the Bank and of the Municipalidad thereunder shall
terminate on the date on which the Loan Agreement shall
terminate in accordance with its terms, and the Bank
shall promptly notify the Municipalidad thereof.
    Section 5.03.  All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VI
               Miscellaneous Provisions
    Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing and, if given by the Bank,
with a copy to EMPAGUA. Such notice or request shall be
deemed to have been duly given or made when it shall be
delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable, telex or
radio gram to the party to which it is required or
permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making  such request.  The addresses so
specified are:
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
               Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
Page  9
          United States of America
     Cable address:                Telex:
          INTBAFRAD                     40098 (ITT)
          Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA) or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     For the Municipalidad:
          Palacio Municipal
          Centro Civico - Zona 1
          Ciudad de Guatemala, Guatemala C.A.
     For EMPAGUA:
          Edificio Torrecafe, 16 nivel
          7 Avenida 1-20, Zona 4
          Ciudad de Guatemala,
          Guatemala
     Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of the
Municipalidad, or by the Municipalidad on behalf of the
Borrower under the Loan Agreement, may be taken or
executed by the Mayor of the Municipalidad, as the
President of EMPAGUA, or such other person or persons as
the Municipalidad shall designate in writing, and the
Municipalidad shall furnish to the Bank sufficient
evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
    Section 6.03.  This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an
original, and all collectively but one instrument.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
                    INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                         RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                        By     /s/   Rainer B. Steckhan
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                        Latin America and the Caribbean
                             MUNICIPALIDAD DE GUATEMALA
              By  /s/     Miguel Angel Fuentes Orellana
                              Authorized Representative
                          SCHEDULE 1
              Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
     Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works
shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance
with procedures consistent with those set forth in
Sections I and II of the 'Guidelines for Procurement
Page  10
under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:   Preference for Domestic and Regional
Manufacturers
    In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods
manufactured in any country including Guatemala, which is
a party to the Mercado Comun Centroamericano, the common
market created by the General Treaty for Central
American Economic Integration signed at Managua,
Nicaragua on December 13, 1960 by Guatemala,  El
Salvador, Honduras, Nicaragua and Costa Rica (hereinafter
called the CACM) may be granted a margin of preference in
accordance with, and subject to, the following
provisions:
1.   For the purposes of Part B of this Schedule, the
following definitions shall apply:
     (a)  (i)    the term Qualified CACM Bid means a bid
                 submitted by a manufacturer established
                 in territories of member countries,
                 including Guatemala, of the CACM for
                 goods manufactured or processed in such
                 territories and for which the bidder
                 shall have established to the
                 satisfaction of EMPAGUA that the
                 manufacturing or processing cost of
                 such goods includes a value added in
                 such territories equal to at least 20%
                 of the ex-factory bid price of such
                 goods;
          (ii)   the term "Non-Qualified CACM Bid" means
                 a bid submitted by a manufacturer
                 established in territories of member
                 countries, including Guatemala, of the
                 CACM, for goods manufactured or
                 processed in such territories, other
                 than any such bid classified as a
                 Qualified CACM Bid; and
          (iii)  the term "Foreign Bid" means any bid
                 which is neither a Qualified CACM Bid
                 nor a Non-Qualified CACM Bid.
2.   All bidding documents for the procurement of goods
shall clearly indicate any preference which would be
granted and shall set forth the information required to
establish the eligibility of a bid for such preference.
3.   The following methods and stages shall be followed
in the evaluation and comparison of bids for the supply
of goods:
     (a)  For the purpose of evaluating a bid:
          (i)    bidders shall be required to state in
                 their bid the c.i.f. (port of entry)
                 price for imported goods, or in the
                 case of a Qualified CACM Bid, the ex-
                 factory price for CACM-manufactured
                 goods, or in the case of a Non-
                 Qualified CACM Bid, the off-shelf price
                 for CACM-manufactured goods;
          (ii)   customs duties and other import
                 tariffs on imported goods, and sales
                 and similar taxes on CACM-supplied
Page  11
                 goods, shall be excluded, except to the
                 extent specified under (b) (ii) (B)
                 below; and
          (iii)  the cost to EMPAGUA of insurance,
                 inland freight and other expenditures
                 incidental of goods to the place of
                 their use or installation shall be
                 included.
    (b)  In applying the margin of preference described
in Part B of this Schedule, bids shall be compared in
accordance with the following rules:
          (i)    the bid price under a Qualified CACM
                 Bid shall be the sum of the following
                 amounts:
                    (A) the ex-factory price of goods;
                    and
                    (B) freight, insurance and other
                    costs of delivery of such goods to
                    the site designated in the bidding
                    documents;
          (ii)   for the purpose of comparing any
                 Foreign Bid with any Qualified CACM
                 Bid, the price under such Foreign Bid
                 shall be the sum of the following
                 amounts:
                    (A) the c.i.f. (port of entry) price
                    of goods;
                    (B) half the amount of any tariffs
                    on the importation of such goods
                    into the territories of the Borrower
                    which generally apply to non-exempt
                    importers, or 15% of the amounts
                    specified in (A) above, whichever
                    shall be lower; and
                    (C) freight, insurance and other
                    costs of delivery of such goods from
                    the port of entry to the site
                    designated in the bidding documents.
Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Goods estimated to cost less than $50,000 equivalent
per contract, but more than $30,000 equivalent per
contract, up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the
equivalent of $2,300,000, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised
locally, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to
the Bank or under contracts awarded through limited
international bidding procedures on the basis of evalua-
tion and comparison of bids invited from a list of at
least three qualified suppliers eligible under the
Guidelines and in accordance with procedures set forth in
Sections I and II of the Guidelines (excluding
paragraphs 2.8, 2.9, 2.55 and 2.56 thereof).
2.   Civil works estimated to cost less than $300,000
equivalent but more than $50,000 equivalent per contract
may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance
with procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
3.   Materials and equipment estimated to cost less than
$30,000 equivalent per contract, up to an aggregate
Page  12
amount not to exceed the equivalent of $200,000, may be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
comparison of price quotations solicited from a list of
at least three suppliers eligible under the Guidelines,
in accordance with procedures acceptable to the Bank.
4.   Civil works estimated to cost less than $50,000
equivalent per contract, up to an aggregate amount not
to exceed the equivalent of $1,200,000, may be procured
through force account or on the basis of comparison of
price quotations solicited from a list of at least three
suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance
with procedures acceptable to the Bank.
Part D:   Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
l.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
    (a)   With respect to each contract for goods
estimated to cost the equivalent of $50,000 or more, and
with respect to each contract for civil works estimated
to cost the equivalent of $200,000 or more, the
procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1
to the Guidelines shall apply.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply.
    (c)  The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs
(a) and (b) shall not apply to contracts on account of
which the Bank has authorized withdrawals from the Loan
Account on the basis of statements of expenditure.  Such
contracts shall be retained in accordance with Section
4.01 (c) (ii) of this Agreement.
2.   The figure of 20% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
    In order to assist the Municipalidad in carrying out
the Project, the Municipalidad shall, through EMPAGUA,
employ water utility and other consultants (or water
utility companies employing consultants on their staff),
whose qualifications, experience and terms and conditions
of employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank.  Such
consultants or water utility companies shall be selected
in accordance with principles and procedures
satisfactory to the Bank on the basis of the Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by
the World Bank as Executing Agency published by the Bank
in August 1981.
                      SCHEDULE 2
      Actions Which EMPAGUA Is Empowered To Take
     The following actions shall be within the
competence of EMPAGUA pursuant to Section 2.01 (b) of the
Project Agreement:
    (a)  All procurement of goods, works and
consultants' services described in Schedule 1 of the
Project Agreement, and any action related thereto,
including invitations to bid and the evaluation of bids
and entering into any contractual arrangements or
agreements (including without limitation the contractual
Page  13
arrangements referred to in Section 2.06 of the Project
Agreement).
    (b)  Maintenance and staffing of the institutional
development unit pursuant to Section 2.01 (c) of the
Project Agreement.
    (c)  Carrying out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the
General Conditions, pursuant to Section 2.03 of the
Project Agreement.
    (d)  Designing and implementing the procedures
referred to in Section 2.07 of the Project Agreement.
    (e)  Preparing and presenting any of the plans,
proposals and reports referred to in Section 2.09 of the
Project Agreement.
                              SCHEDULE 3
                     Key Performance Targets
            1987  1988  1989  1990  1991  1992  1993  1994  1995
Number of   13.9  13.1  12.5  11.9  11.0  10.5   9.9  9.4    9.4
Employees/
1000 connec-
tions (1)
% Connec-   65    67    72    76    81    86    90    93     95
tions with
Working
Meters
Working
Ratio
(end of
year) (2)
            1.20  1.00  0.85  0.75  0.70  0.70  0.70  0.65  0.65
Operating   155   155   155   150   150   145    145   135    130
Cost/connec-
tion
(Quetzales
in 000's of
1986) (3)
Accounts    7.0   7.0   6.0   4.0   4.0   4.0    3.6   3.0    3.0
Receivable/
Average
Monthly Sales
(1)  Including temporary employees.
(2)  All expenses (excluding depreciation) divided by operating
revenues.
(3)  All expenses (excluding depreciations divided by number of
connections.
Page  14
