Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3728 TU
                         Project Agreement
             (Privatization Implementation Assistance
and Social Safety Net Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                PUBLIC PARTICIPATION ADMINISTRATION
                         Dated May 5, 1994
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3728 TU
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated May 5, 1994, between INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and PUBLIC PARTICIPATION
ADMINISTRATION (PPA).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Republic of Turkey (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank has
agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to one hundred million dollars ($100,000,000),
on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but
only on condition that the PPA agree to undertake such obligations
toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a Subsidiary Project Agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and the PPA, a part of the proceeds of the Loan
provided for under the Loan Agreement shall be utilized by the PPA
to carry out Part A of the Project as described in Schedule 2 to the
Loan Agreement; and
      (C)   the PPA, in consideration of the Bank's entering into
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the Preamble to this
Agreement and the General Conditions (as so defined) have the
respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                Execution of Part A of the Project
      Section 2.01. The PPA declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 1 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out Part A of the Project
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial and commercial practices, and shall
provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for Part A of the
Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and consultants' services required for Part
A of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The PPA shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and
land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement
and Part A of the Project.
      Section 2.04. The PPA shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Subsidiary Project Agreement. Except as the Borrower and
the Bank shall otherwise agree, the PPA shall not take or concur in
any action which would have the effect of amending, abrogating,
assigning or waiving the Subsidiary Project Agreement or any
provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) The PPA shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to the progress of Part A
of the Project, the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement and other matters relating to the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   The PPA shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of Part
A of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Loan, or
the performance by the PPA of its obligations under this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
               Management and Operations of the PPA
      Section 3.01. The PPA shall carry on its operations and
conduct its affairs in accordance with its statutes and sound
administrative, financial, commercial and business practices under
the supervision of qualified and experienced management assisted by
competent staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. The PPA shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Bank for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall
be consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The PPA shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
Page  3
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   The PPA shall:
            (i)    have its records, accounts and financial
                   statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                   and expenses and related statements) for each
                   fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                   appropriate auditing principles consistently
                   applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                   the Bank;
           (ii)    furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year: (A) certified copies of its
                   financial statements for such year as so
                   audited; and (B) the report of such audit by
                   said auditors of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records, accounts and financial
                   statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                   Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      Section 4.02. The PPA shall:
      (a)   by October 31 of each year, submit to the Bank for
review and comment a proposed work program for the carrying out of
Part A of the Project during the following calendar year, including
targets and a timetable for privatizing SOEs and affiliated
partnerships or bringing said SOEs and partnerships to the point of
sale; and
      (b)   by November 30 of each year, submit evidence to the Bank
that said work program, satisfactory to the Bank, has been duly
approved by all appropriate action.
      Section 4.03. The PPA shall by October 31, 1995, carry out,
together with the Borrower, a comprehensive mid-term review of
implementation of Part A of the Project on the basis of criteria
agreed by the Borrower and the Bank, including, inter alia: (a) the
privatization of at least one-half of the number of SOEs and
affiliated partnerships in PPA's portfolio as of January 1994, such
privatizations to be effected by the sale of not less than fifty-one
percent (51%) of PPA ownership of the respective SOEs and affiliated
partnerships, the sale of the assets of the respective SOEs and
affiliated partnerships or the transfer of management control of the
respective SOEs and affiliated partnerships, through contracting or
leasing, from the PPA to the private sector; and (b) the sale of at
least one-half of the number of share participations in PPA's
portfolio as of January 1994.
      Section 4.04. The PPA shall prepare and furnish to the Bank
detailed quarterly reports on the execution and operation of Part A
of the Project and on other matters, pursuant to Section 9.07 of the
General Conditions, of a scope and within a timetable satisfactory
to the Bank.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of the PPA thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the
Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the
Bank shall promptly notify PPA thereof.
Page  4
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      For the PPA:
            T.C. Basbakanlik
            Kamu Ortakligi Idaresi Baskanligi
            Huseyin Rahmi Gurpinar Sok. No. 2
            06680 Cankaya, Ankara
            Republic of Turkey
                                           Telex:
                                             4710 Koi
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of the PPA, or by the PPA on behalf of the
Borrower under the Loan Agreement, may be taken or executed by the
President or such other person or persons as the President shall
designate in writing, and the PPA shall furnish to the Bank
sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ M. Wiehen
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
Page  5
                                           Europe and Central Asia
                         PUBLIC PARTICIPATION ADMINISTRATION
                         By /s/ M. Egilmez
                                         Authorized Representative
                             SCHEDULE
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1992 (the Guidelines). For fixed-price contracts, the
invitation to bid referred to in paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines
shall provide that, when contract award is delayed beyond the
original bid validity period, the successful bidder's bid price will
be increased for each week of delay by two predisclosed correction
factors acceptable to the Bank, one to be applied to all foreign
currency components and the other to the local currency component of
the bid price. Such an increase shall not be taken into account in
the bid evaluation.
2.    In the procurement of goods in accordance with paragraph 1 of
this Section I, the Borrower shall use the relevant standard bidding
documents issued by the Bank, with such modifications thereto as the
Bank shall have agreed to be necessary for the purposes of the
Program. Where no relevant standard bidding documents have been
issued by the Bank, the Borrower shall use bidding documents based
on other international recognized standard forms agreed with the
Bank.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in Turkey may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:      Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Items or groups of items for goods estimated to cost more than
the equivalent of $100,000 per contract and less than the equivalent
of $300,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to
$500,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
comparison of price quotations obtained from at least three
suppliers from at least three different countries eligible under the
Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the Bank.
2.    Items or groups of items for goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of $100,000 or less per contract, up to an aggregate
amount equivalent to $400,000, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of comparison of price quotations obtained from
at least three suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Bank.
Part D:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for goods estimated to
Page  6
cost the equivalent of $300,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Bank
prior to the making of the first payment out of Special Account A in
respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of Special Account A, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to the Loan Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the Loan
Account are to be made on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II: Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist the PPA in carrying out Part A of the
Project, the PPA shall employ financial and management consultants
whose qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank. Such consultants shall
be selected in accordance with principles and procedures
satisfactory to the Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use
of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by The World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Section,
the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring prior Bank
review or approval of budgets, short lists, selection procedures,
letters of invitation, proposals, evaluation reports and contracts
shall not apply to contracts estimated to cost less than $100,000
equivalent each. However, this exception to prior Bank review shall
not apply to the terms of reference for such contract nor to the
employment of individuals, to single source selection of firms, to
assignments of a critical nature as reasonably determined by the
Bank and to amendments of contracts raising the contract value to
$100,000 equivalent or above.
