Page  1
                 Co-Lenders' Agreement
          relating to the cofinancing of the
       Oso Condensate Field Development Project
          in the Federal Republic of Nigeria
                        between
            THE EXPORT-IMPORT BANK OF JAPAN
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                 Dated April 24, 1991
                 CO-LENDERS' AGREEMENT
     This Agreement, made and entered into as of the 24th
day of April 1991, between the INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (hereinafter referred to
as the "World Bank") and the EXPORT-IMPORT BANK OF JAPAN
(hereinafter referred to as the "EXIMBANK").
                      WITNESSETH
WHEREAS:
(A)  The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation
     (hereinafter referred to as the "Borrower") has
     requested the World Bank to assist in the financing
     of the Oso Condensate Field Development Project
     (hereinafter referred to as the "Project");
(B)  The World Bank has entered into a Loan Agreement
     (Loan Number 3317 UNI) with the Borrower, dated the
     24th of April 1991, (hereinafter referred to as the
     "World Bank Loan Agreement"), under which the World
     Bank has agreed to lend to the Borrower, on the
     terms and conditions therein set forth or referred
     to, an amount in various currencies equivalent to
     two hundred eighteen million United States Dollars
     (US$218,000,000) (hereinafter referred to as the
     "World Bank Loan") to finance part of the costs of
     goods and services required for the Project;
(C)  The World Bank Loan is guaranteed by a guarantee
     (hereinafter referred to as the "World Bank
     Guarantee") given by the Federal Republic of
     Nigeria (the "Guarantor") pursuant to a Guarantee
     Agreement between the Guarantor and the World Bank,
     dated the 24th of April 1991;
(D)  The Borrower has also requested the EXIMBANK to
     assist in financing the costs of goods and services
     required for the Project;
(E)  In response to the request made by the Borrower,
     the EXIMBANK has entered into a Loan Agreement with
Page  2
     the Borrower, dated the 24th of April 1991
     (hereinafter referred to as the "EXIMBANK Loan
     Agreement"), under which the EXIMBANK has agreed to
     lend on a tied basis to the Borrower, on the terms
     and conditions therein set forth or referred to, an
     amount in Yen equivalent to forty-seven million
     United States Dollars (US$47,000,000) (hereinafter
     referred to as the "EXIMBANK Loan") (the World Bank
     Loan Agreement and the EXIMBANK Loan Agreement
     being hereinafter referred to collectively as the
     "Loan Agreements" and individually as a "Loan
     Agreement");
(F)  The EXIMBANK Loan is also guaranteed by a guarantee
     (here- inafter referred to as the "EXIMBANK
     Guarantee") given by the Guarantor pursuant to a
     Guarantee Agreement between the Guarantor and the
     EXIMBANK, dated the 24th of April 1991 (the World
     Bank Guarantee and the EXIMBANK Guarantee being
     hereinafter referred to collectively as the
     "Guarantees" and individually as a "Guarantee");
(G)  The World Bank and the EXIMBANK (hereinafter
     referred to collectively as the "Co-lenders" and
     individually as a "Co-lender") consider it
     desirable to advise each other of matters
     concerning the Project, the Borrower and other
     matters of common interest.
NOW THEREFORE the Co-lenders hereby agree as follows:
                       ARTICLE I
        Coordination, Exchange of Information,
                     Consultation
     Section 1.01. Each Co-lender shall, in conformity
with and subject to its practices with respect to the
treatment of information of a confidential nature, at the
request of the other Co-lender, exchange views and
provide pertinent information with respect to the
following matters:
     (a)  the financial condition of the Borrower;
     (b)  the progress achieved by the Borrower in the
          implementation of the Project; and
     (c)  disbursements under the Loan Agreements.
     Section 1.02. Each Co-lender shall promptly inform
the other Co-lender of any of the following events:
     (a)  any event of which such Co-lender becomes
          aware which, in the opinion of such Co-lender,
          is likely to materially interfere with, or
          seriously hinder or impair, the implementation
          of the Project, or to adversely and materially
          interfere with the performance by: (i) the
          Borrower of its obligations under the Loan
          Agreement to which such Co-lender is a party,
          and/or (ii) the Guarantor of its obligations
          under the Guarantee given in favor of such Co-
          lender;
     (b)  any notice given by the Borrower to prepay the
          whole or any part of the loan disbursed
          pursuant to the Loan Agreement to which such
          Co-lender is a party and any amount thereof
          actually prepaid.
     Section 1.03. Each Co-lender shall inform the other
Page  3
Co-lender of any supervision mission related to its
respective Loan Agreement undertaken by itself and
provide to such other Co-lender a report setting out the
main findings or results of such mission.
     Section 1.04. Without prejudice to the independent
right of decision and action of each Co-lender under its
respective Loan Agreement, each Co-lender shall give
notice to, and to the extent reasonably practicable
consult with, the other Co-lender whenever it proposes
to:
     (a)  suspend, terminate, cancel or accelerate, in
          whole or in part, the loan provided under its
          Loan Agreement;
     (b)  agree to any substantial amendment to its Loan
          Agreement, or take any action which might
          result in the termination of its Loan
          Agreement; or
     (c)  agree to extend the Closing Date (as defined
          in the World Bank Loan Agreement) or the Final
          Disbursement Date (as defined in the EXIMBANK
          Loan Agreement), as the case may be.
     Section 1.05. In addition to the matters referred to
in the foregoing Sections of this Article I, each Co-
lender may consult with the other Co-lender on any matter
of common interest arising out of this Agreement.
     Section 1.06. Each Co-lender agrees that all its
decisions, including decisions to take or refrain from
taking action, con-cerning the Project or the Loan
Agreement to which it is a party, will be based
exclusively on its own judgment, independently of the
information provided by, or expected from, the other Co-
lender or the views expressed by such other Co-lender.
                      Article II
                  Method of Financing
     Section 2.01. It is the intention of each Co-lender
that the items to be cofinanced out of the proceeds of
the EXIMBANK Loan and the World Bank Loan shall be
financed on a parallel basis.
                      Article III
              Adjustment for Cofinancing
     Section 3.01. Subject to the agreement of the
Borrower, each Co-lender shall take all necessary actions
to incorporate relevant clauses in, and/or make such
amendments as may be required to, the Loan Agreement to
which such Co-lender is a party in order to reflect the
cofinancing arrangements envisaged herein and to
incorporate a cross default clause in respect of the
other Co-lender's loan to such Borrower.
                      Article IV
            Effectiveness of this Agreement
     Section 4.01. Subject to Section 4.02 of this
Agreement, this Agreement, which shall take effect upon
its signature by both parties, shall remain in full force
and effect until the date on which the EXIMBANK Loan
Agreement shall have terminated or the date on which the
World Bank Loan Agreement shall have terminated,
whichever is earlier.
Page  4
     Section 4.02. This Agreement may be modified from
time to time by further agreement in writing between the
Co-lenders. This Agreement may be terminated at any time
upon thirty (30) days' advance notice given in writing by
either party to the other party.
                       Article V
                     Miscellaneous
     Section 5.01. Any notice required under this
Agreement and any agreement or other document
contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Any
such notice shall be deemed to have been duly given
either on the date of dispatch, if delivered by hand or
sent by telex or cable, or five (5) days after the date
of posting, if sent by registered airmail, and in each
case addressed as specified below, or to such other
address as either party shall have designated by notice
to the other.
     For the World Bank:
          International Bank for
            Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C.  20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INTBAFRAD             197688 (TRT)
               Washington, D.C.      248423 (RCA)
                                      64145 (WUI)
                                      82987 (FTCC)
     Attention:
          Director, Western Africa Department
          Africa Regional Office
     For the EXIMBANK:
          The Export-Import Bank of Japan
          4-1, Ohtemachi 1-chome
          Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
          Japan
          Cable address:           Telex:
               EXPORTBANK                 2223728
               Tokyo
          Attention:
               Director, Loan Department II
               (Europe, Middle East and Africa)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the duly authorized
representatives of the parties have executed this
Agreement in duplicate in the English language.
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                 RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
               By /s/ Callisto E. Madavo
                              Authorized Representative
Page  5
               THE EXPORT-IMPORT BANK OF JAPAN
               By /s/ Masakazu Masuda
                              Authorized Representative
                                                ANNEX A
                  Disbursement Notice
     We hereby acknowledge receipt of the following
Request for Disbursement:
     Date:
     Serial No:
     Amount:
     In accordance with the Co-lenders' Agreement dated
_____________, 1991 between the Export-Import Bank of
Japan (EXIMBANK) and the International BAnk for
Reconstruction and Development ("World Bank"), we have
examined the said Request for Disbursement and find it in
order and eligible for financing under the Loan Agreement
dated ______________, 1991 between EXIMBANK and the
Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation ("Borrower") and
the Loan Agreement dated ____________________, 1991
between the World Bank and the Borrower.
     On the basis of the foregoing we hereby notify you
as follows:
     Amount of disbursement to be made by the EXIMBANK:
          Currency: _____________       Amount:
_____________
NOTE:
1.   The non-eligible items included in said application
and the reason for non-eligibility are as follows:
          (non-eligible items)          (reason)
     (a)
     (b)
     (c)
2.   The World Bank is arranging to disburse its
cofinancing portion with respect to the eligible
expenditures referred to in said request as follows:
          Currency: ____________        Amount:
____________
3.   Special instructions:
