Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2436 MOZ
                   Development Credit Agreement
     (Capacity Building: Human Resources Development Project)
                              between
                      REPUBLIC OF MOZAMBIQUE
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                      Dated January 29, 1993
                                           CREDIT NUMBER 2436 MOZ
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated January 29, 1993, between REPUBLIC OF
MOZAMBIQUE (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      WHEREAS: (B) the Association has received a letter dated
August 6, 1992, from the Borrower describing its capacity building
strategy (the Capacity Building Strategy), and declaring the
Borrower's commitment to the execution of said Capacity Building
Strategy; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
Page  2
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "CIUEM" means Centro de Informatica da Universidade
Eduardo Mondlane, the University Center for Computer Science of the
Borrower;
      (b)   "EPU" means Pre-University Education or any Pre-
University School;
      (c)   "GEPE" means Gabinete Tecnico de Gestao de Projectos
Educacionais, the Educational Projects Management Unit established
and operating within MINED, as hereinafter defined, pursuant to
Diploma Ministerial No. 34/88 dated February 20, 1988, and in force
from March 23, 1988, as amended October 14, 1991;
      (d)   "GIU" means the Gabinete de Instalacaes Universitarias,
the University Buildings Office established and operating pursuant
to Despacho dated April 15, 1992 issued by UEM's Rector;
      (e)   "IC" means the Comissao Inter Ministerial, the Inter-
ministerial Committee established pursuant to Despacho dated
July 20, 1992, issued by the Borrower's Prime Minister and referred
to under Part A of Schedule 6 to this Agreement;
      (f)   "ISP" means Instituto Superior Pedagogico, the Institute
for Advanced Pedagogical Training, established and operating
pursuant to Diploma Ministerial No. 73/85, dated December 4, 1985;
      (g)   "MINED" means the Ministry of Education of the Borrower;
      (h)   "NDSE" means Direccao Nacional de Ensino Secundario
Geral, the National Directorate of Secondary Education of MINED;
      (i)   "UEM" means Universidade Eduardo Mondlane, the
Borrower's University;
      (j)   "fiscal year" or "FY" means the Borrower's fiscal year
which runs from January 1 to December 31;
      (k)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to a Letter of Agreement dated January 6, 1992 and
countersigned by the Borrower on February 6, 1992;
      (l)   "Special Account" means any of the accounts referred to
in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (m)   "Capacity Building Action Plan" means the actions,
programs and activities, designed by the Borrower to fulfill the
objectives of the Capacity Building Strategy; and
      (n)   "GP" means Gabinete de Planeamento, the Planning Unit of
the Ministry of State Administration of the Borrower.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to thirty-four million one hundred thousand Special
Page  3
Drawing Rights (SDR 34,100,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars two special deposit accounts in a
commercial bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association, including appropriate protection against set-off,
seizure or attachment: (i) Special Account A shall be opened for the
purposes of Part A of the Project (UEM Account); and (ii) Special
Account B shall be opened for the purposes of Part B of the Project
(MINED Account). Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special
Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Schedules
4 and 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance
shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1999 or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next date in that year specified in
Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on April 1 and October 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each April 1 and October 1 commencing
April 1, 2003 and ending October 1, 2032. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on April 1, 2012, shall be one
percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each installment
thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal amount.
Page  4
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association shall exceed $790 in
constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the Bank
shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association, and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out: (i) Part A of the
Project through UEM; and (ii) Part B of the Project through MINED,
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
educational, administrative, engineering and technical practices,
and shall provide, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Borrower and the Association shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall carry out the Project in
accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 6
to this Agreement.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower shall, for the purposes of carrying
out Part A.2 (a) (ii) (A) of the Project, take all necessary
measures to:
      (a)   free from all occupants the sites legally attributed to
UEM to carry out the construction program referred to under Part A.2
(a) (ii) (A) in accordance with a timetable agreed with the
Association; and
      (b)   implement, in accordance with terms agreed with the
Association, the resettlement plan referred to under Part A.2 (a)
(ii) (B) of the Project.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall, starting FY 1993, and
progressively throughout Project implementation, increase its annual
budgetary allocation to UEM to finance maintenance of its existing
physical plant, from 0.5% (one half of one percent) of estimated
Page  5
replacement value in FY 1993, to 2% (two percent) by FY 1997, and to
be maintained at acceptable levels thereafter. For the purposes of
this Section "replacement value" means an amount equivalent to $300
in constant terms, per square meter.
      Section 3.05. The Borrower shall not later than June 30, 1993:
      (a)   cause UEM to furnish to the Association, for its review
and comments: (i) a detailed action plan to operate and maintain
UEM's housing, including a system for the collection of users'
maintenance and management fees, in a manner acceptable to the
Association; and (ii) a draft negotiated contract to be entered into
between UEM and a qualified management agent selected by UEM to
provide management of UEM's housing, including maintenance, in
accordance with technical, contractual and financial terms
satisfactory to the Association; and
      (b)   cause MINED to furnish to the Association for its review
and comments a detailed action plan and timetable to: (i) transfer
to the private sector the management of EPU dormitories; and (ii)
decentralize the collection and utilization of school fees.
      Section 3.06. The Borrower and the Association shall:
      (a)   not later than November 30 of each year, until the
completion of the Project, conduct an annual Project implementation
review to: (i) monitor progress in carrying out the Project, taking
into account performance indicators and evaluation criteria agreed
between the Borrower and the Association; (ii) review, update,
refine and approve work plans for Parts A and B of the Project for
the upcoming year and the respective cost estimates; (iii)
coordinate all other related activities financed by other donor
agencies. Representatives of such agencies may be invited to
participate in these discussions; and (iv) exchange information
among staff responsible for Project implementation, as set forth in
Parts B and C of Schedule 6 to this Agreement and propose coordi-
nated solutions to any current implementation issues;
      (b)   not later than October 31 of each year, furnish to the
Association a report in such detail as the Association shall
reasonably request, including:
            (i)   an evaluation of progress achieved by the
                  Borrower, in general, and by each ministry or
                  entity responsible for project implementation, in
                  particular, in carrying out the Project taking
                  into account the provisions of the annual work
                  plan;
           (ii)   a draft work plan to be carried out throughout
                  the upcoming year, including: (A) description of
                  activities to be undertaken, including civil
                  works to be carried out under the Project; (B)
                  detailed training programs and action plan to
                  select and employ technical assistance financed
                  under the Project; (C) a financing plan,
                  indicating other available cofinancing sources
                  for each activity, and identifying specific donor
                  agencies invited to participate in the review;
                  and (D) a procurement program detailing goods and
                  services to be procured under the Project;
      (c)   not later than November 30, 1995, carry out a mid-term
Project implementation review to evaluate, inter alia, the
following: (A) update the Capacity Building Strategy and Capacity
Building Action Plan; and (B) review the Project objectives taking
into account the updated Strategy and Action Plan; and
      (d)   promptly after completing the reviews, carry out those
recommendations arising out of said reviews as agreed between the
Borrower and the Association.
Page  6
      Section 3.07. The Borrower shall, during the execution of the
Project, continue to maintain UEM and MINED staff responsible for
Project implementation, as set forth in Parts B and C of Schedule 6
to this Agreement, in adequate numbers and with experience,
technical qualifications, and terms of reference satisfactory to the
Association.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of the Project of the departments or
agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project or
any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those for
                  the Special Account for each fiscal year audited,
                  in accordance with appropriate auditing prin-
                  ciples consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than nine months after
                  the end of each such year, a certified copy of
                  the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and the audit
                  thereof as the Association shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.
            (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
                  from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements o
f
                  expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the
                  Association has received the audit for the fiscal
                  year in which the last withdrawal from the Credit
                  Account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
Page  7
     Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   that an extraordinary situation shall have arisen which
shall make it improbable that the Borrower will be able to carry out
its Capacity Building Strategy;
      (b)   that the Borrower or any authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action concerning the Borrower's pre-university
and university-level education that would materially affect the
ability of the Borrower, UEM or MINED to perform any of their
respective obligations under this Agreement;
      (c)   that the Statutes of UEM shall have been amended,
suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially
and adversely the ability of UEM to perform any of its obligations
under this Agreement; and
      (d)   that Diploma Ministerial No. 34/88 of March 23, 1988, as
amended, shall have been amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or
waived so as to affect materially and adversely the ability of GEPE
to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) or (b) of
Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a
period of sixty (60) days after notice thereof shall have been given
by the Association to the Borrower; and
      (b)   any of the events specified in paragraphs (c) or (d) of
Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   that the Borrower has employed the staff responsible for
Project implementation referred to under Part C of Schedule 6 to
this Agreement, with experience, qualifications and in accordance
with terms of reference satisfactory to the Association; and
      (b)   that the Borrower has furnished to the Association
documentary evidence, satisfactory to it, certifying the Borrower's
formal approval of its Capacity Building Action Plan.
      Section 6.02. The following is specified as an additional
matter within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association, namely, that this Agreement has been
duly ratified by the Borrower's Council of Ministers and is legally
binding upon the Borrower in accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date one hundred twenty (120) days after the
date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of
Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Governor of Bank of Mozambique of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
Page  8
      For the Borrower:
            Bank of Mozambique
            Departamento de Relacoes Internacionais
            Avenida 25 de Setembro
            P.O. Box 423
            Maputo, Mozambique
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  MOBANCO                   6355/7 BMMO
                  Maputo
                                            Facsimile: 29178
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                    197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  REPUBLIC OF MOZAMBIQUE
                  By /s/ Hipolito Zozimo Patricio
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Francisco Aguirre-Sacasa
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
Part A of the Project
(1)   Civil Works                               80%
      (a)  Parts A.1 (d),      5,960,000
           A.2 (a)(i);
Page  9
           A.4 (a) and
           A.5 of the
           Project;
      (b)  Part A.2 (a)(ii)    1,750,000
           of the Project
(2)   Consultants' ser-        3,930,000        100%
      vices, studies
      and audits
(3)   Vehicles, equip-           910,000        100%
      ment, supplies
      and materials
(4)   Goods and services         630,000        100%
      under Part A.1 (a)
      of the Project
(5)   Training                 3,160,000        100%
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
Part B of the Project
(6)  Civil works               4,700,000        80%
(7)  Consultants' ser-         2,670,000        100%
     vices studies and
     audits
(8)  Vehicles, equip-          1,400,000        100%
     ment supplies,
     and materials
(9)  Training                  1,750,000        100%
(10) Refunding of Project        530,000        Amount due pur-
     Preparation Advance                        suant to Section
                                                2.02 (c) of this
                                                Agreement
(11) Unallocated               6,710,000
                              __________
     TOTAL                    34,100,000
                              ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower; and
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower.
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement;
      (b)   expenditures under Category (1) (b), unless the Borrower
has furnished to the Association satisfactory evidence of the
Borrower's ownership of the sites necessary to carry out the civil
works referred to under Part A.2 (a)(ii) of the Project;
Page  10
      (c)   expenditures under Category (4) unless the Borrower has
submitted to the Association, for its review and comments:
            (i)   the recommendations of the study referred to
                  under Part A.1 (b) of the Project; and
           (ii)   detailed guidelines for the functioning and
                  implementation of the book fund referred to under
                  Part A.1 (a) of the Project; and
      (d)   (i)   expenditures under Category (5), unless the
                  Borrower has completed and submitted to the
                  Association for its approval, training programs
                  for Parts A.3 (a) and A.6 (a) of the Project; and
           (ii)   expenditures under Category (9) unless the
                  Borrower has completed and submitted to the
                  Association for its approval, training programs
                  for Parts B.1 (g); B.1 (h); and B.3 of the
                  Project to be carried out during the first year
                  of the Project, which shall include, inter alia,
                  the following: (A) type and number of trainees;
                  (B) location and institution where training will
                  be received; (C) objectives and length of the
                  training activity; and (D) the estimated budget.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to: (a) expand the quantity
and improve the quality of university graduates; and (b) improve the
quality of upper secondary education.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     University Stabilization and Expansion
1.    Improvement of educational quality:
      (a)   Establishment of a book fund for the acquisition of
imported textbooks and study materials; and local production of
textbooks;
      (b)   carrying out an operational study of UEM's bookstore and
the options to increase the supply of textbooks;
      (c)   (i) acquisition of computers, software, and supporting
equipment; and (ii) provision of training to strengthen the staff
responsible for computer training;
      (d)   expansion of library and reading space at UEM's
departments of, inter alia, agriculture, economics, architecture,
veterinary, medicine and social sciences;
      (e)   supporting linkage arrangements entered into by UEM's
departments of economics and engineering with relevant academic
institutions; and
      (f)   carrying out studies to: (i) analyze causes for poor
academic performance, review relevance of curriculum and its
equivalency with other university programs in the region, and
explore the feasibility of moving towards a system based on academic
credit; and (ii) assess the viability to start a distance education
program in disciplines such as economics and law.
2.   Carrying out a housing strategy for staff retention:
      (a)   increasing UEM's staff-housing stock through:
Page  11
            (i)   completion of construction of about ninety-two
                  on-campus apartments and renovation of about one
                  hundred and eight on-campus apartments; and
           (ii)   (A) rehabilitation of about one hundred off-
                  campus housing units; and (B) carrying out a
                  resettlement plan of current tenants of the
                  apartment buildings selected for rehabilitation;
      (b)   designing and implementing of a self-financing program
for maintenance and management of UEM's staff-housing stock; and
      (c)   developing a model to offer UEM staff the possibility of
home ownership.
3.    Staff development:
      (a)   provision of fellowship for professional training of
academic and administrative staff; and
      (b)   carrying out a fellowships management plan.
4.    Ensuring regional and gender representation:
      (a)   construction and equipping of two student on-campus
residences, a student social hall and support services office; and
      (b)   provision of adequate space in student residences for
female students and students coming from the provinces.
5.    Rehabilitation of UEM's physical plant:
      (a)   carrying out a building rehabilitation program; and
      (b)   design and implementation of a building maintenance
program, including procedures and training activities for staff
responsible for maintenance.
6.   Strengthening of management and accountability capabilities:
      (a)   provision of short-term management training for key
academic and administrative staff;
      (b)   recruitment of staff responsible for financial
management;
      (c)   carrying out UEM's financial restructuring plan,
including annual institutional audits;
      (d)   strengthening of GIU's technical and administrative
capabilities; and
      (e)   carrying out two studies to: (i) review UEM's Statutes;
and (ii) to assess the transfer of UEM's central offices to the main
campus.
Part B:     Improvement of Upper Secondary Education
1.    Improvement of educational quality:
      (a)   development of a new curriculum, study plans and review
of the existing examination system for the EPUs;
      (b)   preparation of training materials;
      (c)   preparation of study guides and examination questions;
      (d)   carrying out a study on options for increasing the
relevance of the EPU curriculum;
      (e)   acquisitions of equipment and supplies for NDSE;
Page  12
      (f)   carrying out studies to: (A) evaluate examination
system; (B) prepare training materials; (C) develop a new
examination system;
      (g)   carrying out annual pedagogical seminars and periodic
technical meetings;
      (h)   design and implementation of a training strategy by ISP;
      (i)   carrying out a staff development program for NDSE and
school management staff;
      (j)   carrying out a study on the production and distribution
of textbooks for the EPUs;
      (k)   acquisition of office, printing, laboratory and
pedagogical equipment and library books; and
      (l)   implementation of measures to increase the supply of EPU
teachers.
2.    Stabilization of the EPU network:
      (a)   rehabilitation, equipping and physical expansion of
about six EPUs;
      (b)   rehabilitation of one existing and construction of about
four new dormitories; and
      (c)   construction of about forty-three staff houses.
3.    Building management and administrative capacity:
      (a)   preparation and dissemination of materials on financial
management, school regulations and planning;
      (b)   provision of short-term overseas training in planning,
school administration, educational technology for NDSE and EPU
administrators;
      (c)   strengthening of GEPE's staffing and office support; and
      (d)   strengthening of management and coordination
capabilities of the Project Technical Unit of NDSE.
4.    Improvement of enrollment of female students:
      (a)   provision of about 280 scholarships primarily intended
for female students enrolled in the EPUs in Beira, Nampula,
Quelimane and Xai-Xai; and
      (b)   design and implementation of measures to address needs
of female students.
                             *   *   *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1998.
                            SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part D hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines).
Page  13
2.    Goods shall be exempted from pre-shipment price inspection by
a third-party inspection firm.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in Mozambique may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Preference for Domestic Contractors
      In the procurement of works in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, the Borrower may grant a margin of
preference to domestic contractors in accordance with, and subject
to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraph 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Local Competitive Bidding: Works estimated to cost the
equivalent of $530,000 or less up to an aggregate amount of
$1,100,000 may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.    International or Local Shopping: Goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of $100,000 or less per contract, up to an aggregate
amount equivalent to $1,300,000, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of comparison of price quotations obtained from
at least three suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Association.
Part E:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $250,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of the
Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedules 5 and 6 to this Agreement,
respectively.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
2.    The figure of 10% is hereby specified for purposes of para-
graph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected
Page  14
in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                  Special Account A (UEM Account)
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1),
(2), (3), (4), and (5) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
Part A of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $1,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                  requests for deposits into the Special Account at
                  such intervals as the Association shall specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                  by said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
Page  15
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories for Part A of the Project, less
the amount of any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with
respect to Part A of the Project, shall equal the equivalent of
twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories for Part A of the Project shall follow such procedures as
the Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such
further withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent that
the Association shall have been satisfied that all such amounts
remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date of such
notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwiseagree, no further 
deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraph 6
(a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
                            SCHEDULE 5
                 Special Account B (MINED Account)
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (6),
(7), (8) and (9) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1
to this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
Part B of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Page  16
Credit allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $1,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                  requests for deposits into the Special Account at
                  such intervals as the Association shall specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                  by said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories for Part B of the Project, less
the amount of any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with
respect to Part B of the Project, shall equal the equivalent of
twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Page  17
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories for Part B of the Project shall follow such procedures as
the Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such
further withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent that
the Association shall have been satisfied that all such amounts
remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date of such
notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraph 6
(a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
                            SCHEDULE 6
                      Implementation Program
Part A:     Project Coordination
Inter-ministerial Committee (IC)
1.    (a)   An interministerial committee shall be established by
the Borrower's Prime Minister with the following membership:
Chairperson: Minister of State Administration; and Co-chairpersons:
Minister of Finance and Minister of Planning. Other members are
Ministers of Education, Labor and Justice.
      (b)   The Rector of UEM and Attorney General may be called to
participate in the meetings of the IC.
2.    The IC shall be responsible, inter alia, for the formulation
and coordination of the Capacity Building Strategy.
3.    The IC shall meet regularly and frequently, and at least ten
times during the first year of the Project.
4.    The GP shall act as the technical secretariat for the IC.
Part B:     Institutions Responsible for Project Implementation
1.    Part A of the Project
      (a)   Part A.1 (c) of the Project shall be carried out by
CIUEM;
Page  18
      (b)   GIU shall carry out Parts A.1 (d); A.2 (a); A.2 (b); A.4
(a); A.4 (b); A.5 (a); and A.5 (b) of the Project;
      (c)   Part A.1 (e) of the Project shall be carried out by the
Economics and Engineering Faculties; and
      (d)   the Rector's Office shall carry out Parts A.1 (a); A.1
(b); A.1 (f), A.2 (c); A.3 (a); A.3 (b); A.6 (a); A.6 (b); A.6 (c);
A.6 (d) and A.6 (e) of the Project.
2.   Part B of the Project
      (a)   GEPE shall be responsible for the overall coordination
of implementation of Part B of the Project, including the carrying
out of Parts B.2; and B.3 (c);
      (b)   NDSE shall, in coordination with GEPE, be responsible
for the implementation of Parts B.1, B.3 (b); B.3 (d); and B.4 of
the Project; and
      (c)   Part B.3 (a) of the Project shall be carried out by NDSE
with the assistance of DAF.
Part C:     Key Project Implementation Staff
1.    Part A of the Project: (a) GIU's Director; (b) Senior
Procurement Officer; (c) Senior Accountant; (d) GIU's Engineer; and
(e) GIU's Architect.
2.    Part B of the Project: (a) within GEPE: (i) Civil Engineer;
(ii) Accountant; (iii) Procurement Officer; (iv) Administrator; and
(v) Lawyer; and (b) within NDSE: two technical staff in the Project
Technical Group.
Part D:     Schedule of Actions to be Carried out by the Borrower
            during Project Implementation
      Except as the Association and the Borrower shall otherwise
agree, the Borrower shall carry out the following actions:
Part A of the Project
I.    During the First Project Year
            (i)   The survey of furniture needs will be completed
                  three months after the Effective Date;
           (ii)   the operational study for the University
                  Bookstore will be completed and submitted to the
                  Association four months after the Effective Date;
          (iii)   preparation of the UEM scholarship administration
                  manual for overseas training under the staff
                  development program will be completed by June 30,
                  1993;
           (iv)   procurement training of relevant UEM staff will
                  be completed by July 31, 1993;
            (v)   documentary evidence, acceptable to the
                  Association, will be furnished to it not later
                  than September 30, 1993 certifying that the
                  usufruct rights transferred to UEM, with respect
                  to the land necessary to carry out civil works
                  referred to under Part A.2 (a) (i) and A.2 (a)
                  (ii) of the Project, have been extended to at
                  least 40 years;
           (vi)   reorganization of financial administration at the
                  University will be completed by December 31,
                  1993;
Page  19
          (vii)   40 housing units in the Bairro Residencial
                  Universitario will be completed by December 31,
                  1993; and
         (viii)   tendering and bid selection will be completed and
                  contracts negotiated for institutional linkage
                  and cooperation agreements with UEM Faculties of
                  Economics and Engineering under Part A.1 (e) of
                  the Project by December 31, 1993.
II.   During the Second Project Year
            (i)   In the Bairro Residencial Universitario, about 52
                  units will be completed, and about 108 units
                  rehabilitated, by December 31, 1994;
           (ii)   all computer hardware will be installed and
                  training completed in UEM departments by December
                  31, 1994; and
          (iii)   the study on distance education will be completed
                  by December 31, 1994.
III.  During the Third Project Year
            (i)   Construction of about two student residence halls
                  and supporting facilities will be completed by
                  December 31, 1995; and
           (ii)   the studies to analyze causes for poor academic
                  performance, relevance of curriculum, and
                  feasibility of moving towards an academic credit
                  system will be completed by December 31, 1995.
IV.   During the Fourth Project Year
                  Physical rehabilitation of the main campus will
                  be completed by December 31, 1996.
Part B of the Project
I.    During the First Project Year
            (i)   Not later than January 31, 1993 employ: (a) the
                  staff described in Part B (a) of this Schedule
                  and select and appoint the staff described in the
                  same schedule, Part B (b) and the local
                  consultant to support NDES Project Technical
                  Group (PTG);
           (ii)   not later than February 4, 1993, implement the
                  new 11th grade curriculum;
          (iii)   not later than March 30, 1993, initiate the study
                  to evaluate the current examination system; and
                  completion of the technical proposals for
                  rehabilitation of EPU Package I (Josina Machel,
                  Francisco Manyanga and Xai-Xai);
           (iv)   not later than June 30, 1993 presentation of: (a)
                  a detailed action plan and timetable to transfer
                  its transfer to the private sector the management
                  of the EPU dormitories; and (b) decentralize the
                  collection and utilization of school fees;
            (v)   not later than October 1993, initiate the
                  administrative measures for contracting volunteer
                  teachers; and
           (vi)   not later than December 31, 1993, completion of
                  the new curriculum for the 12th grade.
Page  20
II.  During the Second Project Year
            (i)   Not later than February 1, 1994 implementation
                  for the 12th grade new curriculum;
           (ii)   not later than March 30, 1994: (a) initiate the
                  textbook study; and (b) initiate the bidding
                  process for rehabilitating EPUs-Package I (Josina
                  Machel, Francisco Manyanga and Xai-Xai);
          (iii)   not later than June 30, 1994, completion of the
                  technical proposals and design for rehabilitating
                  EPUs-Package II (Samora Machel, 1a de Maio e 25
                  de Setembro); and
           (iv)   not later than September 30, 1994, initiate the
                  bidding process for EPUs-Package II.
III. During the Third Project Year
            (i)   Not later than June 30, 1995, completion of: (a)
                  textbooks; and (b) examination studies;
           (ii)   not later than January 30, 1995, initiate the
                  rehabilitation of EPUs-Package I; and
          (iii)   not later than May 30, 1995, initiate the
                  rehabilitation of EPUs-Package II.
IV. During the Fourth Project Year
                  Not later than March 30, 1996, completion of all
                  studies referred to in Part B of the Project.
