Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3344 IN
             (Private Power Utilities (BSES) Project)
                              between
                               INDIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                        Dated July 12, 1991
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3344 IN
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 12, 1991, between INDIA,
acting by its President (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL
BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Bombay Suburban
Electric Supply Limited (the Borrower), having been
satisfied as to the feasibility and priority of the
Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement,
have requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the
Project; and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to
extend to the Borrower a loan in various currencies
equivalent to two hundred million dollars ($200,000,000),
on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that the Guarantor agree
to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect
of such loan as provided in this Agreement; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the
Bank's entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrow-
er, has agreed so to guarantee such obligations of the
Borrower;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January
1, 1985, with the modifications set forth in the Loan
Agreement (the General Conditions), constitute an
integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions and
in the Preamble to and Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement
have the respective meanings therein set forth, and the
term "Tribal Development Program" means the program
referred to in Section 3.03 of this Agreement.
                             ARTICLE II
                             Guarantee
      Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment
to the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule
2 to the Loan Agreement, and, to this end, hereby
unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not as
surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the
principal of, and interest and other charges on, the
Loan, and the premium, if any, on the prepayment of the
Loan, all as set forth in the Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. The Guarantor shall not take, or cause
or permit any of its constituent States and Union
Territories or any agency of any such constituent States
and Union Territories to take, any action which would
prevent or interfere with the performance by the Borrower
of its obligations contained in the Loan Agreement and
will take or cause to be taken all reasonable action
necessary or appropriate to enable the Borrower to
perform such obligations.
      Section 3.02. The Guarantor shall enter into an
agreement satisfactory to the Bank, with the Borrower for
the payment by the Borrower of a guarantee fee of 2-3/4%
per annum to the Guarantor on the principal amounts of
the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time to time.
      Section 3.03. The Guarantor shall take all steps
necessary to ensure that the State of Maharashtra shall:
(i) not take, or cause or permit to be taken, any action
which would have the effect of restricting the Borrower's
licensed area of supply in such a manner as to adversely
affect the Borrower's operational performance and
financial position at least up to August 15, 2011 the
last maturity date of the Loan; (ii) allow the Borrower
to collect certain special appropriations as are permis-
sible, including a special appropriation for repayment of
the Borrower's debt as defined in Section 5.04 (b) (i) of
the Loan Agreement, at least equal to the difference
between the principal repayments and the depreciation
Page  3
allowable under the Electricity Act; (iii) carry out the
audit of the Borrower's environmental monitoring program
through the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board; (iv) en-
sure that any loan made to the Borrower for the purposes
of the Project shall be treated as a loan from an
"approved institution" for the purposes of paragraph XVII
of the Sixth Schedule to the Electricity Act; and (v)
prepare and furnish to the Bank for its review by March
31, 1992 a tribal development program in respect of
incremental support for development activities in the
neighbouring tribal communities near the site of the
Project and carry out the Tribal Development Program in
a manner satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 3.04. The creation of an equitable mortgage
and, if required, the Trust Deed, shall be free from any
taxes (including stamp duty and fees) that shall be
levied under the laws of the Guarantor or its constituent
States or Union Territories on or in connection with the
execution, issue, delivery or registration thereof.
      Section 3.05. The Guarantor shall take or cause to
be taken all such action as shall be necessary to ensure
the availability of adequate supplies of suitable fuel
for the economic operation of the facilities constructed
under the Project.
                            ARTICLE IV
            Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 4.01. Any Secretary, Additional Secretary,
Joint Secretary, Director, Deputy Secretary or Under
Secretary of the Guarantor is designated as representa-
tive of the Guarantor for the purposes of Section 11.03
of the General Conditions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Condi-
tions:
      For the Guarantor:
            The Secretary to the Government of India
            Ministry of Finance
            Department of Economic Affairs
            New Delhi
            India
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   ECOFAIRS                  953-3166175
                   New Delhi
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
                 Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                  82987 (FTCC)
                   Washington, D.C.                197688 (TRT)
                                             248423 (RCA) or
                                             64145 (WUI)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
Page  4
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         INDIA
                         By /s/ Anil Kumar
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ Heinz Vergin
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                              Asia
