Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2700 IN
                       Development Credit Agreement
                     (Madhya Pradesh Forestry Project)
                                  between
                                   INDIA
                                    and
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                           Dated April 11, 1995
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2700 IN
                       DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 11, 1995, between INDIA, acting by
its President (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Association has received a letter dated
February 10, 1995 from the State of Madhya Pradesh (Madhya
Pradesh), attaching a statement of strategy for the future
development of the forestry sector and associated statement of
policies and actions that constitute the framework for
improving forest management in Madhya Pradesh including policy,
institutional and technical reforms (hereinafter called the
Forestry Sector Reform Program), and declaring Madhya Pradesh's
commitment to carrying out such Forestry Sector Reform Program.
      (B)   the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule
2 to this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in
the financing of the Project;
      (C)   the Project will be carried out by the State of
Madhya Pradesh (Madhya Pradesh) with the Borrower's assistance
Page  2
and, as part of such assistance, the Borrower will make
available to Madhya Pradesh the proceeds of the Credit as
provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower
upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and
in the Project Agreement of even date herewith between the
Association and Madhya Pradesh;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                      General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this
Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions have the
respective meanings therein set forth and the following
additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (b)   "Madhya Pradesh" means State of Madhya Pradesh, a
State of the Borrower, or any successor thereto;
      (c)   "Project Agreement" means the agreement between the
Association and Madhya Pradesh of even date herewith, as the
same may be amended from time to time, and such term includes
all schedules and agreements supplemental to the Project
Agreement;
      (d)   "NGO" means non-governmental organization;
      (e)   "ha" means hectares;
      (f)   "MPFD" means Madhya Pradesh Forestry Department;
      (g)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to an exchange of letters dated July 7, 1994 and
August 1, 1994 between the Borrower and the Association;
      (h)   "PU" means the Project Unit established within MPFD
for assisting in the implementation of the project; and
      (i)   "SFRI" means the State Forest Research Institute
established within MPFD.
                                ARTICLE II
                                The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
in the Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent to thirty nine million four hundred
thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 39,400,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be
withdrawn from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures
made (or, if the Association shall so agree, to be made) in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Page  3
Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower may, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in the
Reserve Bank of India on terms and conditions satisfactory to
the Association. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions
of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit
Account and pay to itself the amount required to repay the
principal amount of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn
and outstanding as of such date and to pay all unpaid charges
thereon.  The unwithdrawn balance of the authorized amount of
the Project Preparation Advance shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1999
or such later date as the Association shall establish. The
Association shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later
date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a commitment charge on the principal amount of the
Credit not withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by
the Association as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed
the rate of one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date)
to the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by
the Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at
the rate set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the
accrual date or at such other rates as may be set from time to
time thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a) above. The rate set
as of June 30 in each year shall be applied from the next
payment date in that year specified in Section 2.06 of this
Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such
places as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii)
without restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the
territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified
in this Agreement for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the
General Conditions or in such other eligible currency or
currencies as may from time to time be designated or selected
pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4
of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit
withdrawn and outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall
be payable semiannually on March 15 and September 15 in each
year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below,
the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in
semi-annual installments payable on each March 15 and September
15 commencing September 15, 2005 and ending March 15, 2030.
Each installment to and including the installment payable on
March 15, 2015 shall be one and one-fourth percent (1-1/4%) of
such principal amount, and each installment thereafter shall be
two and one-half percent (2-1/2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product
per capita, as determined by the Association, shall have
exceeded $790 in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive
years, and (ii) the Bank shall consider the Borrower
creditworthy for Bank lending, the Association may, subsequent
to the review and approval thereof by the Executive Directors
Page  4
of the Association and after due consideration by them of the
development of the Borrower's economy, modify the terms of
repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower,
the Association may revise such modification to include, in
lieu of some or all of the increase in the amounts of such
installments, the payment of interest at an annual rate agreed
with the Association on the principal amount of the Credit
withdrawn and outstanding from time to time, provided that, in
the judgment of the Association, such revision shall not change
the grant element obtained under the above-mentioned repayment
modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms
pursuant to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines
that the Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated
significantly, the Association may, if so requested by the
Borrower, further modify the terms of repayment to conform to
the schedule of installments as provided in paragraph (a)
above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America
is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the
General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE III
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to
the objective of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, without any limitation or
restriction upon any of its other obligations under the
Development Credit Agreement, shall cause Madhya Pradesh to
perform in accordance with the provisions of the Project
Agreement all the obligations of Madhya Pradesh therein set
forth, shall take and cause to be taken all action, including
the provision of funds, facilities, services and other
resources, necessary or appropriate to enable Madhya Pradesh to
perform such obligations, and shall not take or permit to be
taken any action which would prevent or interfere with such
performance.
      (b)   The Borrower shall make the proceeds of the Credit
available to Madhya Pradesh in accordance with the Borrower's
standard arrangements for developmental assistance to the
States of India.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to the
Project Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower and the Association hereby
agree that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04,
9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating
to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules,
records and reports, maintenance and land acquisition,
respectively) in respect of the Project shall be carried out by
Madhya Pradesh pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Project
Agreement.
      Section 3.04. Without any limitation or restriction upon
the provisions of Section 3.01 (a) of this Agreement, the
Borrower shall provide, or cause to be provided, to Madhya
Pradesh or its relevant departments or agencies in a prompt and
efficient manner all clearances and approvals as may be
required or necessary for the purpose of enabling Madhya
Pradesh or its relevant departments or agencies to implement
Page  5
the activities under the Project.
                                ARTICLE IV
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) For all expenditures with respect to
which withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the
basis of statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained in
                  accordance with sound accounting practices,
                  records and accounts reflecting such
                  expenditures;
           (ii)   ensure that all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures are retained until
                  at least one year after the Association has
                  received the audit report for the fiscal year
                  in which the last withdrawal from the Credit
                  Account was made; and
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) (i) of this Section and those for
                  the Special Account for each fiscal year
                  audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the
                  Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as
                  available, but in any case not later than nine
                  months after the end of each such year the
                  report of such audit by said auditors, of such
                  scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested, including a
                  separate opinion by said auditors as to whether
                  the statements of expenditure submitted during
                  such fiscal year, together with the procedures
                  and internal controls involved in their
                  preparation, can be relied upon to support the
                  related withdrawals; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other
                  information concerning said records and
                  accounts and the audit thereof as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
                                 ARTICLE V
                        Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   Madhya Pradesh shall have failed to perform any of
its obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (b)   An event has occurred which shall make it improbable
that the Forestry Sector Reform Program or a significant part
thereof will be carried out.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified,
namely, that any event specified in Section 5.01 (a) of this
Page  6
Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of sixty
days after notice thereof shall have been given by the
Association to the Borrower.
                                ARTICLE VI
                        Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following is specified as an additional
matter, within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association:
      (a)   Madhya Pradesh shall have taken all necessary actions
for removing restrictions on felling of trees on private lands.
      (b)   Consultants for Part A.1 of the Project have been
identified in accordance with the provisions of Section II of
Schedule 1 of the Project Agreement, and a contract for the
provision of consultants' services has been agreed.
      Section 6.02. The following is specified as an additional
matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association namely, that the Project Agreement
has been duly authorized or ratified by Madhya Pradesh, and is
legally binding upon Madhya Pradesh in accordance with its
terms.
      Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of
this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section
12.04 of the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE VII
                Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Secretary, Additional Secretary, Joint
Secretary, Director, Deputy Secretary, or Under Secretary of
the Department of Economic Affairs in the Ministry of Finance
of the Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower
for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for
the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            The Secretary to the Government of India
            Department of Economic Affairs
            Ministry of Finance
            New Delhi, PIN 110001
            India
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  ECOFAIRS                  953-3166175
                  New Delhi
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
Page  7
                                            197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                  INDIA
                  By /s/ K. Sibal
                                                Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ H. Vergin
                                           Acting Regional Vice President
                                                               South Asia
                                SCHEDULE 1
                 Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of
the amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage
of expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated            % of
                            (Expressed in          Expenditures
Category                    SDR Equivalent)       to be Financed
(1) Civil works (except        5,500,000          85%
    for Part D (ii)
    of the Project)
(2) Forest operation          12,700,000          90%
    costs under
    Part B (i) of the
    Project
(3) Forest protection          8,100,000          100%
    costs under Part
    B (ii) of the
    Project
(4) Equipment, materials       5,800,000          100% of foreign
    and vehicles (except                          expenditures,
    for Part D (ii)                               100% of local
    of the Project)                               expenditures
                                                  (ex-factory
                                                  cost) and 80%
                                                  of local expen-
                                                  ditures for other
                                                  items procured
                                                  locally
(5) Consultants'               3,900,000          100%
Page  8
    services and
    training (except
    for Part D (ii)
    of the Project)
(6) Civil works, equip-        1,200,000          100%  of foreign
    ment, training,                               expenditures and
    studies and                                   80% of local
    incremental operating                         expenditures
    costs under the Eco-
    development Support
    Fund under Part D (ii)
    of the Project
(7) Incremental                1,900,000          60% until
    operating costs                               December 31,
    (except for                                   1997, and 50%
    Part D (ii)                                   thereafter
    of the Project)
(8) Refunding of                 300,000          Amount due
    Project Pre-                                  pursuant to
    paration                                      Section 2.02 (c)
    Advance                                       of this Agreement
                              __________
        TOTAL                 39,400,000
                              ==========
2.  For the purposes of this Schedule:
    (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country
other than that of the Borrower;
    (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from
the territory of the Borrower;
    (c)   the term "incremental operating costs" means the
incremental costs for operation and maintenance of additional
buildings, equipment and vehicles incurred by Madhya Pradesh
for the purposes of carrying out the Project;
    (d)   the term "forest operation costs" means the aggregate
total costs of land preparation, including labor, inputs for
tree plantations, maintenance and protection, and development
of nurseries, seed production areas, clonal seed orchards, and
multiplication gardens, and
    (e)   the term "forest protection costs" means the costs of
protecting forest lands by village forest committees as part of
the village resources development program under Part B (ii) of
the Project, calculated on the basis of Rs 300 per hectare per
year.
3.  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement, except that
withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not to exceed
SDR 3,400,000, may be made on account of payments made for
expenditures before that date but after July 31, 1994.
4.  The Association may require withdrawals from the Credit
Account to be made on the basis of statements of expenditure
for expenditures for: (a) goods and works under contracts not
exceeding $200,000 equivalent, except for the first two
contracts of each civil works and goods; (b) services under
contracts not exceeding $100,000 equivalent for employment of
consulting firms and $50,000 equivalent for employment of
individual consultants, respectively, (c) training and
Page  9
fellowships; (d) works procured under force account; and (e)
incremental operating costs, all under such terms and
conditions as the Association shall specify by notice to the
Borrower.
                                SCHEDULE 2
                        Description of the Project
    The objective of the Project is to assist in the
implementation of the proposed strategy for development of the
forestry sector in Madhya Pradesh which aims at: (i) developing
the necessary human and physical resources for the planning,
implementation and monitoring of the strategy; (ii) increasing
both forest cover and productivity through development of
participatory processes for management and use of forest
resources, taking special account of the interests of tribal
peoples and other disadvantaged groups; (iii) adopting and
improving existing technologies to provide technical and
management advice; and (iv) promoting the conservation of
biodiversity.
    The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may
agree upon from time to time to achieve such objective:
Part A:   Forest Sector Management Development
    (i)   Improving the management skills and policy analysis
          capabilities of senior staff in MPFD through
          appropriate training, and provision of consultants'
          services to assist with the review and introduction of
          improved management system, including planning and
          monitoring and evaluation procedures.
   (ii)   Introduction of management information and
          geographical information systems, linked to a
          program of training for all levels of staff.
  (iii)   Provision of training materials and consultants'
          services for in-service training of MPFD staff,
          and upgrading of SFRI's training and hostel
          buildings.
   (iv)   Improvement of resource assessment and inventory
          capabilities of MPFD through the provision of
          field survey instruments, equipment and vehicles,
          and technology development studies to identify
          and implement improved forest resource survey
          techniques.
    (v)   Provision of office equipment and vehicles for PU.
Part B:   Forest Development
    (i)   Promotion of assisted natural forest
          regeneration, supported by enrichment planting,
          improved silvicultural practices, and forest
          floor management over an area of about 160,000
          ha.
   (ii)   Setting up of a Village Resource Development
          Program for about 1,140 villages, involving
          management and protection of an area of about
          74,000 ha of forest land, based on community
          participatory planning and joint forest
          management, integrated with activities to
          generate alternative incomes or resources,
          together with the provision of staff training in
          participatory planning.
Part C:   Extension, Technology and Research
Page  10
    (i)   Development of 12 Extension and Research Centers and
          one sub-center through the provision of buildings,
          equipment and vehicles.
    (ii)  Supporting forest extension programs in about 40
          priority Forest Divisions through the provision of
          extension materials and equipment, farmer training,
          demonstrations and vehicles and motorcycles.
   (iii)  Establishment of an Industrial Liaison Unit
          within MPFD, and provision of a computer,
          training and studies.
    (iv)  Improving the quality of seed used in forest
          activities through (a) research, collection of
          seed, development of Seedling Seed Production
          Areas and the development and operation of clonal
          seed orchards; (b) provision of facilities for
          drying, processing and storage of seeds; and (c)
          provision of cold storage facilities and seed
          testing laboratory equipment in SFRI, staff
          training in seed technology and consultants'
          services.
    (v)   Development of nurseries in each of the Extension and
          Research Centers, through provision of civil works and
          irrigation and ancillary equipment.
   (vi)   Establishment of SFRI as an autonomous agency and
          provision of equipment, research programs and
          training and consultants' services.
Part D:   Biodiversity Conservation
    (i)   Improving the management of 12 high priority Protected
          Areas (PAs), and 12 lower priority PAs, through
          provision of support for development of management
          plans, research, staff training, equipment, vehicles,
          and information centers and other necessary buildings.
   (ii)   Establishment of an Ecodevelopment Support Fund
          to finance an Ecodevelopment Program consisting
          of: (a) the development of alternative resources
          or income for communities resident in village
          areas peripheral to the PAs, and (b) the training
          and operation of five ecodevelopment planning
          teams.
  (iii)   Development of the PA Network through the
          identification and survey of satellite areas, and
          the preparation of strategic plans for the
          management of these areas, and the interlinking
          areas.
   (iv)   Provision of research on aspects of biodiversity
          and PA management.
                               *   *   *   *
         The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1999.
                                SCHEDULE 3
                              Special Account
1.  For the purposes of this Schedule:
    (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1),
(2), (3), (4), (5), (6) and (7) set forth in the table in
paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
    (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
Page  11
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories
in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement; and
    (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $5,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit
Account and deposited in the Special Account pursuant to
paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule, provided, however, that,
unless the Association shall otherwise agree, the Authorized
Allocation shall be limited to an amount equivalent to
$3,000,000 until the aggregate amount of withdrawals from the
Credit Account plus the total amount of all outstanding special
commitments entered by the Association pursuant to Section 5.02
of the General Conditions shall be equal to or exceed the
equivalent of SDR 14,000,000.
2.  (a)   Payments out of the Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with the
provisions of this Schedule.
    (b)   Each payment (including a payment under a letter of
credit) for an eligible expenditure in an amount equal to or
less than the equivalent of $1,500,000 shall be made
exclusively out of the Special Account. The Association may
from time to time, by notice to the Borrower, revise the
threshold amount specified in the preceding sentence.
3.  After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to
it that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals
of the Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to
replenish the Special Account shall be made as follows:
    (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests
for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate
amount of the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such
request or requests, the Association shall, on behalf of the
Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit in the
Special Account such amount or amounts as the Association shall
have requested.
    (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                requests for deposits into the Special Account at
                such intervals as the Association shall specify.
         (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                payments in respect of which replenishment is
                requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                by said documents and other evidence to have been
                paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from
the Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories,
and in the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been
justified by said documents and other evidence.
4.  For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association
shall reasonably request, furnish to the Association such
documents and other evidence showing that such payment was made
exclusively for eligible expenditures.
Page  12
5.  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
    (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower
directly from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of Article V of the General Conditions and paragraph
(a) of Section 2.02 of this Agreement;
    (b)   if the Borrower shall have failed to furnish to the
Association, within the period of time specified in Section
4.01 (b) (ii) of this Agreement, any of the audit reports
required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
Section in respect of the audit of the records and accounts for
the Special Account;
    (c)   if, at any time, the Association shall have notified
the Borrower of its intention to suspend in whole or in part
the right of the Borrower to make withdrawals from the Credit
Account pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.02 of the
General Conditions;
    (d)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, minus the total amount of
all outstanding special commitments entered into by the
Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions
with respect to the Project, shall equal the equivalent of
twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
    Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the
eligible Categories shall follow such procedures as the
Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such
further withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent
that the Association shall have been satisfied that all such
amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the
date of such notice will be utilized in making payments for
eligible expenditures.
6.  (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for
an expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to
paragraph 2 of this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the
evidence furnished to the Association, the Borrower shall,
promptly upon notice from the Association: (A) provide such
additional evidence as the Association may request; or (B)
deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Association shall
so request, refund to the Association) an amount equal to the
amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so eligible
or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise agree, no
further deposit by the Association into the Special Account
shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence or
made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
    (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures,
the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association,
refund to the Association such outstanding amount.
    (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association,
refund to the Association all or any portion of the funds on
deposit in the Special Account.
    (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the
Credit Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in
accordance with the relevant provisions of this Agreement,
including the General Conditions.
Page  13
