Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2700 IN
                             Project Agreement
                     (Madhya Pradesh Forestry Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                    and
                          STATE OF MADHYA PRADESH
                           Dated April 11, 1995
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2700 IN
                             PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 11, 1995, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and STATE OF MADHYA
PRADESH (Madhya Pradesh).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Association has received a letter dated
February 10, 1995 from the State of Madhya Pradesh (Madhya
Pradesh) attaching a statement of strategy for the future
development of the forestry sector and associated statement of
policies and actions that constitute the framework for
improving forest management in Madhya Pradesh including policy,
institutional and technical reforms (hereinafter called the
Forestry Sector Reform Program), and declaring Madhya Pradesh's
Commitment to carry out such Forestry Sector Reform Program;
      (B)   by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between India (the Borrower) and the Association, the
Association has agreed to make available to the Borrower an
amount in various currencies equivalent to thirty nine million
four hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 39,400,000),
on the terms and conditions set forth in the Development Credit
Agreement, but only on condition that Madhya Pradesh agree to
Page  2
undertake such obligations toward the Association as are set
forth in the Development Credit Agreement, and in this
Agreement; and
      WHEREAS Madhya Pradesh, in consideration of the
Association's entering into the Development Credit Agreement
with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the obligations set
forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                                Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement and
in the General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) Madhya Pradesh declares its commitment
to the objective of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to
the Development Credit Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry
out the Project through MPFD, and its PU, with due diligence
and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial,  forestry and environmental
practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly
as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources
required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph
(a) of this Section and except as the Association and Madhya
Pradesh shall otherwise agree, Madhya Pradesh shall carry out
the Project in accordance with the Implementation Program set
forth in Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. Madhya Pradesh shall carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07
and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and
reports, maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in
respect of the Project Agreement.
      Section 2.04. (a) Madhya Pradesh shall, at the request of
the Association, exchange views with the Association with
regard to the progress of the Project, the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and other matters relating to
the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   Madhya Pradesh shall promptly inform the Association
of any condition which interferes or threatens to interfere
with the progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the
purposes of the Credit, or the performance by Madhya Pradesh of
its obligations under this Agreement.
      Section 2.05. Without limitation upon the provisions of
Article IX of the General Conditions, Madhya Pradesh shall:
      (a)   prepare and furnish to the Association not later than
six (6) months after the Closing Date or such later date as may
be agreed for this purpose between Madhya Pradesh and the
Page  3
Association, a plan, of such scope and in such detail as the
Association shall reasonably request, for the future operation
of the Project;
      (b)   afford the Association a reasonable opportunity to
exchange views with Madhya Pradesh on the said plan; and
      (c)   thereafter, carry out said plan with due diligence
and efficiency and in accordance with appropriate practices,
taking into account the Association's comments thereon.
                                ARTICLE III
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) Madhya Pradesh shall maintain records
and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices the operations, resources and expenditures
in respect of the Project of the departments or agencies of
Madhya Pradesh responsible for carrying out the Project or any
part thereof.
      (b)   Madhya Pradesh shall:
            (i)   have its records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the
                  Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as
                  available, but in any case not later than nine
                  months after the end of each such year, the
                  report of such audit by said auditors, of such
                  scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other
                  information concerning said records, accounts
                  and financial statements as well as the audit
                  thereof, as the Association shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.
                                ARTICLE IV
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement
becomes effective.
      Section 4.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of
the Association and of Madhya Pradesh thereunder shall
terminate on the earlier of the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                  Agreement shall terminate in accordance with
                  its terms; or
           (ii)   the date twenty (20) years after the date of
                  this Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in
paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the Association shall
promptly notify Madhya Pradesh of this event.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any
cancellation or suspension under the General Conditions.
Page  4
                                 ARTICLE V
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted
to be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement
between the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in
writing. Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been
duly given or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by
mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which
it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      For Madhya Pradesh:
            Chief Secretary
            Government of Madhya Pradesh
            Vallabh Bhavan
            Bhopal
            Madhya Pradesh, India
            Cable address:
                  CHIEFSEC
                  Bhopal
                  Madhya Pradesh, India
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be executed,
under this Agreement on behalf of Madhya Pradesh may be taken
or executed by its Chief Secretary or such other person or
persons as Madhya Pradesh shall designate in writing, and
Madhya Pradesh shall furnish to the Association sufficient
evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
Page  5
                  By /s/ H. Vergin
                                           Acting Regional Vice President
                                                               South Asia
                  STATE OF MADHYA PRADESH
                  By /s/ K. Sibal
                                                Authorized Representative
                                SCHEDULE 1
                   Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:        Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines) and in
accordance with the following additional procedures:
      (a)   When contract award is delayed beyond the original
bid validity period, such period may be extended once, subject
to and in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 2.59 of
the Guidelines, by the minimum amount of time required to
complete the evaluation, obtain necessary approvals and
clearances and award the contract. The bid validity period may
be extended a second time only if the bidding documents or the
request for extension shall provide for appropriate adjustment
of the bid price to reflect changes in the cost of inputs for
the contract over the period of extension. Such an increase in
the bid price shall not be taken into account in the bid
evaluation. With respect to each contract made subject to the
Bank's prior review in accordance with the provisions of Part
D.1 (a) of this Section, the Bank's prior approval will be
required for (i) a first extension of the bid validity period
if the period of extension exceeds sixty (60) days, and (ii)
any subsequent extension of the bid validity period.
      (b)   In the procurement of goods in accordance with this
Part, Madhya Pradesh shall use the relevant standard bidding
documents issued by the Bank, with such modifications thereto
as the Association shall have agreed to be necessary for the
purpose of the Project. Where no relevant standard bidding
documents have been issued by the Bank, Madhya Pradesh shall
use bidding documents based on other internationally recognized
standard forms agreed with the Association.
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall be
grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of
$200,000 or more.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in
India may be granted a margin of preference in accordance with,
and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of
the Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2
thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
Page  6
1.    Except as provided in paragraph 2 hereof, civil works
under the Project, estimated to cost the equivalent of $20,000
or more per contract may be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.    Civil works estimated to cost less than the equivalent of
$20,000  per contract, up to an aggregate amount not exceeding
$8,000,000, and forest operations under Part B of the Project,
estimated to cost an aggregate amount of not more than
$20,800,000, may be carried out through force account in a
manner satisfactory to the Association.
3.    Items or group of items estimated to cost the equivalent
of less than $200,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount
not exceeding $800,000, may be procured on the basis of
competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Association.
4.    (i) Items or groups of items estimated to cost the
equivalent of $20,000 or less per contract, up to an aggregate
amount equivalent to $2,600,000, (ii) construction materials
estimated to cost an aggregate amount of not more than
$3,300,000, and (iii) vehicles and boats estimated to cost less
than $100,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount not
exceeding $1,600,000, may be procured under contracts awarded
on the basis of comparison of price quotations obtained from at
least three suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Association.
5.    Specialized items comprising satellite imagery and aerial
photographs, estimated to cost the equivalent of not more than
$200,000, and books and periodicals estimated to cost the
equivalent of not more than $700,000, may be purchased directly
in accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and
final contracts:
      (a)   With respect to (i) each contract estimated to cost
the equivalent of $200,000 or more; and (ii) the first two
goods and first two works contracts, regardless of value, the
procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to
be made out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract required to be furnished to the Association pursuant
to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Association
prior to the making of the first payment out of the Special
Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
pre- ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs
3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where
payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the
two conformed copies of the contract together with the other
information required to be furnished to the Association
pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the
Association as part of the evidence to be furnished pursuant to
paragraph 4 of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b)
shall not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals
from the Credit Account are to be made on the basis of
statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Page  7
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist in carrying out the Project, Madhya
Pradesh shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be
selected in accordance with principles and procedures
satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the "Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by The
World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August
1981 (the Consultants' Guidelines).
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this
Section, the provision of the Consultants' Guidelines requiring
prior Association review or approval of budgets, short lists,
selection procedures, letters of invitation, proposals,
evaluation reports and contracts shall not apply to contracts
estimated to cost less than $100,000 equivalent each with
consulting firms  and $50,000 equivalent each with individual
consultants. However, this exception to prior Association
review shall not apply to the terms of reference for such
contracts, nor to the employment of individuals, to single
source selection of firms, to assignment of critical nature as
reasonably determined by the Association, and to amendments to
contracts raising the contract value to $100,000 equivalent or
more.
3.    For complex, time based assignments, Madhya Pradesh shall
employ such consultants under contracts using the standard form
of contract for consultants' services issued by the Bank, with
such modifications as shall have been agreed with the
Association. Where no relevant standard contract documents have
been issued by the Bank, Madhya Pradesh shall use other
standard forms agreed with the Association.
                                SCHEDULE 2
                          Implementation Program
1.    Madhya Pradesh shall, without limitation to the provisions
of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, implement a system
satisfactory to the Association for channelling the funds
required for the Project, to the entities involved in carrying
out the Project.
2.    Madhya Pradesh shall ensure that the procurement under the
Project shall be carried out in accordance with the yearly
procurement plans prepared by Madhya Pradesh in consultation
with the Association.
3.    Madhya Pradesh shall (i) complete, not later than June 30,
1996, the review of the management of the forest sector under
     Part A (i) of the Project, (ii) discuss the findings of
such review with the Association, and (iii) implement the
agreed modifications to management procedures and structures
not later than June 30, 1997.
4.    Madhya Pradesh shall, by July 31, 1995, appoint all the
staff of PU, with experience and qualifications acceptable to
the Association.
5.    Madhya Pradesh shall, by each December 31, starting
December 31, 1995, prepare, in consultation with the
Association, an annual project implementation plan for the
following financial year.  However, for the first year of the
Project, the implementation plan shall be prepared not later
than July 31, 1995.
6.    Madhya Pradesh shall establish, not later than December
31, 1995: (i) a Policy Analysis Unit; and (ii) an Industrial
Liaison Unit, both within MPFD, each headed by a Conservator,
Page  8
and with responsibilities and staffing acceptable to the
Association.
7.    Madhya Pradesh shall (i) not later than June 30, 1996,
prepare and review with the Association a human resource
development plan for MPFD, linked to proposed changes in the
management system under Part A (i) of the Project, and (ii)
prepare, in consultation with the Association, not later than
July 31 of each year, starting July 31, 1995, an annual
training plan for the next year.
8.    Madhya Pradesh shall, not later than July 31, 1995,
finalize a contract, satisfactory to the Association, with an
institution acceptable to the Association, for placement and
support of trainees in overseas institutions.
9.    Madhya Pradesh shall: (i) implement the Village Resources
Development Program under Part B (ii) of the Project in
accordance with procedures and criteria agreed with the
Association, and (ii) submit the first three proposals under
the Village Resources Development Program under Part B (ii) of
the Project for approval by the Association.
10.   Madhya Pradesh shall, not later than December 31, 1995,
select seed and nursery specialists, in accordance with the
procedures specified in paragraph 1 of Section II of Schedule
1 to the Project Agreement and following terms of reference
agreed with the Association.
11.   Madhya Pradesh shall, not later than December 31, 1995:
(i) establish SFRI as an autonomous agency in accordance with
objectives and responsibilities agreed with the Association;
(ii) establish the Research Advisory Committee under SFRI, with
membership agreed with the Association; (iii) fill the research
posts, within SFRI, of a tree improvement specialist and a seed
technologist; and (iv) following the procedures specified in
paragraph 1 of Section II of Schedule 1 to the Project
Agreement, complete the recruitment of the consultants to
assist in the development of a research strategy for Part C
(iv) of the Project.
12.   Madhya Pradesh shall, not later than June 30, 1997, agree
with the Association on the terms of reference for the
consultants' services for forestry research program under Part
C (vi) of the Project.
13.   Madhya Pradesh shall appoint: (i) not later than September
30, 1995, five Conservators (Wildlife), and (ii) not later than
December 31, 1995 the coordinator for wildlife research; all
with experience and qualifications satisfactory to the Association.
14.   (a)   Madhya Pradesh shall not carry out any involuntary
relocation for any of the communities resident within the
Protected Areas (PAs) under Part D (i) of the Project.
      (b)   Any proposals for voluntary relocation of such
communities shall be:
            (i)   preceded by an independent study to assess the
                  impact of such communities on the conservation
                  of biodiversity in such PAs; and
           (ii)   prepared and implemented, in accordance with
                  criteria agreed with the Association, and after
                  prior approval of the Association.
15.   Madhya Pradesh shall: (i) identify, on the basis of
criteria agreed with the Association, the areas which impact on
the Protected Areas (PAs); (ii) provide the managers of the PAs
with responsibilities and sufficient staff to undertake the
ecodevelopment programs around such PAs under Part D (ii) of
the Project; and (iii) appoint, not later than September 30,
Page  9
1995, at least two trained ecodevelopment planning teams, with
qualifications satisfactory to the Association.
16.   Madhya Pradesh shall (i) implement the ecodevelopment
program under Part D (ii) of the Project in accordance with
procedures agreed with the Association, (ii) select the
proposals for funding in accordance with criteria agreed with
the Association, and (iii) submit the first three proposals for
funding under the Ecodevelopment Support Fund under Part D (ii)
of the Project for approval by the Association.
17.   Madhya Pradesh shall, by December 31, 1997, undertake in
collaboration with the Borrower and the Association, a mid-term
review of the Project, and shall thereafter implement the
recommendations of such review.
