Report No. PID10660
Project Name                     Yugoslavia, Fed. Rep. of (Serb./Mont.)- ...
Serbia Education Improvement Project
Region                           Europe and Central Asia Region
Sector                           Other Education
Project ID                       YFPE75189
Borrower(s)                      REPUBLIC OF SERBIA
Implementing Agency
Address MINISTRY OF EDUCATION AND SPORTS
Department for International Cooperation
Address: 22-26 Nemanjina Street,
11000 Belgrade
Contact Person: Mrs. Tuede Kovac-Cerovic
Tel: 381 11 3616 293
Fax: 381 11 3616 270
Email:tkovacs@yubc.net
Environment Category             C
Date PID Prepared                January 22, 2002
Projected Appraisal Date         December 3, 2001
Projected Board Date             April 30, 2002
1. Country and Sector Background
Restructuring and improving the public education system in Serbia has
been identified by the new government as a priority area for facilitating
economic recovery and promoting economic competitiveness, for creating a
democratic society, and for re-integrating Serbia into the international
community. In response to these broad governmental objectives, the newly
formed Department of Development and International Cooperation in the
Ministry of Education and Sports has produced an education reform strategy
that has been presented to the Bank and other donors (available upon
request). The strategy paper identifies the following principal sector
issues: Political and Institutional Framework: the system is characterized
by an authoritarian, command-and-control structure in terms of
administration, personnel management, and finance, as well as content and
pedagogical issues, reflecting the politics of the previous regime.
Re-decentralization (education in the Yugoslav republics had been
decentralized to the municipal level in terms of administration and
finance prior to 1990) is a political agenda of the current government.
Education Funding: funding for education per student has been declining
throughout the 1990s in real terms and even as a percentage of GDP, while
the share of GDP devoted to education -- about 3.5 per cent -- is among
the lowest in Europe. Teachers are poorly paid even relative to other
civil servants (about $33 per month equivalent, or about one dollar per
day) and schools are starved for basic teaching resources. Teacher
motivation is, not unexpectedly, low. Low birth rates are creating
teacher surpluses in some areas, while private sector opportunities are
creating teacher shortages in some subjects such as English training and
computer science. A refugee influx of Serbs from other former Yugoslav



republics and Kosovo, however, is offsetting demographic trends and
further driving down spending per student as budgets stagnate. Educational
Performance and Access: qualitative issues are clouded by a lack of
information. Educational quality is not systematically assessed and
performance indicators are not used for policy development, for resource
allocation, or for international comparisons. The system is predominately
supply driven and little emphasis is placed on monitoring progress or
measuring education outcomes. Pre-service teacher training is oriented to
traditional academic disciplines and little focus is given to pedagogical
methods or practice teaching. Through lack of funding, there is no formal
system of in-service training, apart from ad hoc efforts by donors and
NGOs in which the MOES is only marginally involved. The curriculum is
highly prescribed and dense (requiring long lists of books at all levels),
and instruction is traditionally teacher-centered with little focus on
student participation and critical analysis. Finally, the system is not
fully inclusive. The new government acknowledges that the needs of some
minorities, particularly the Roma population, are not being fully met.
Education Infrastructure: the network of schools is unevenly distributed
across urban and rural areas. 50 percent of primary schools, mostly in
rural areas, serve fewer than 50 students, many in multi-grade structures,
while some urban schools serve several thousand students. While the cost
of maintaining the network of rural schools is acknowledged to be
unsustainable, solutions aimed at increased efficiency are complicated by
the right to minority language education in Serbia -- Yugoslavia has,
rather ironically, been a leader in this area for 40 years -- as well as
by the desire not to promote urbanization. 40 percent of primary pupils
attend double shift schools, mostly in urban areas. As stated above,
schools are starved for basic education supplies and equipment, and the
dilapidation due to old age of many schools does not contribute to a
conducive learning environment. Secondary VET and Higher Education: the
new government acknowledges that both secondary VET and higher education
lack relevance in Serbia's emerging market economy and that they both need
to become more demand driven rather than centrally directed. Narrow
occupationally-specific training programs in secondary will need to be
replaced by broad-based programs such as management, communications,
languages, and computer science which provide young people with flexible
skills. In higher education, the focus will be on integrating
accreditation with European best practice and on adopting a European
management model that allows universities to be managed as institutions as
opposed to lose associations of faculties. While the MOES supports
university restructuring, it is likely that vested political and
institutional interests will delay rapid reform as in other central and
eastern European countries. Lastly, internal and external efficiency
issues plague both secondary VET and higher education. Secondary VET is
highly expensive in terms of low student teacher ratios and equipment
needs, while many graduates proceed directly to unemployment or do not
find work in their specialized fields. The sustainability of higher
education is seriously weakened by direct subsidization of obsolete
programs, the extremely high cost per graduate as students churn for years
in the system, and an inadequate and in-equitable fee structure. The
government's diagnosis above is consistent with and informed by the Bank's
own sector work, as well as that of sector work prepared by UNICEF and
OECD. The reader is encouraged to request these documents which are on
file for a more detailed description and analysis of sector issues. The
Ministry's strategy document for education defines both strategic
- 2 -



priorities, as well as specific investment requirements. The Government's
strategic priorities are as follows:Decentralization: the government's
efforts to redefine the roles of central, regional and local authorities
include:encouraging and supporting school autonomy and school
development;introducing new modes of participatory governance and
management;promoting professional responsibility instead of political
obedience;shifting the role of inspection from administrative control to
developmental and educational support;ensuring easy access to professional
resources at local and regional level; andstrengthening the capacity of
the central ministry to monitor system performance and measure education
outcomes.New financing mechanisms and regulations: within the context of
decentralization and fiscal devolution for education, the government
intends to pursue the following priorities: review of Government policy in
respect of salary structures in the public sector;review of possibilities
for increasing local contribution to financing education provision;a
feasibility analysis of the potential of financial decentralization for
improving value for money from existing budgets;exploring the
possibilities, mechanisms and procedures for increasing voluntary
contributions to schools;developing financial mechanisms to support the
introduction of career advancement structures in the teaching
profession;examining the feasibility of new incentive systems to increase
the efficiency of existing work practices; andconsidering the place of
contracts and competitive tendering as a way of securing greater value for
money from existing budgets.Orientation to quality: the government will
focus on the process of quality assurance and monitoring via:cooperative
approaches for developing a new curriculum framework through the
participation of the central administration, regional educational bodies
and the teacher base, as well as expert and professional teams;ensuring
compatibility with the educational standards of the EU;developing a new
textbook publishing policy;introducing quality monitoring and assurance
systems at the national and school levels; andreducing the size of the
existing curricula, creating more on-task time for developing skills and
values, developing new curricula and introducing modern educational
contents and methods.Professional Upgrading: To promote the full
participation of teachers in the education reform, teacher education and
continuous professional development (CPD) and structures for career
advancement in the teaching profession will be pursued via:fundamental
changes of initial teacher training which equally requires time and
systemic changes;a participative model of CPD which enables teachers to
become creators of their own professional practice; a system and structure
of career advancement in the teaching profession;a rational, functional
and efficient system of financing CPD as one of the main foundations of
and incentives to transformation processes;an easily accessible delivery
system for CPD; anda focus of initial teacher education and CPD on skills
and values stated as national goals.Creating favorable learning
environments: the new government will foster policies that encourage
school autonomy and school integration into the local community
via:prevention of juvenile delinquency, tobacco, drug and alcohol abuse
and addiction, prostitution and other forms of social
misbehavior;integration of children from marginalized, ethnical minority,
economically, culturally and educationally deprived social groups (e.g.
Roma); dysfunctional and at-risk families (e.g. refugee, dislocated, poor,
incomplete), HIV infected;fostering tolerance and appreciation of
diversity, both in social and individual terms; anddevelopment of
ecological education In addition, to these broad strategic priorities, the
-3 -



new government has identified vocational education and training, higher
education and pre-school education as specific reform areas within the
education system. In VET and higher education, the agenda is a rapid
integration of these systems with Western European standards and
accreditation procedures to promote Serbia's competitiveness within the
boarder European labor market. In pre-school education, priority is given
to increasing access, promoting more parental and community participation
in the programs and enhancing the educational content of programs that now
tend to be more oriented toward child care. More detailed action propsoals
for the strategic priorities and specific reform areas listed above are
available in the government's education strategy document, Creating
Education Changes in Serbia. The Ministry's strategy was prepared by the
Department of Development and International Cooperation largely without
external assistance. Its emphasis on governance and financial management
issues as a prerequisite to long term sustainable development in the
education sector demonstrates an understanding of the political and
institutional dynamics and incentives that will drive the process of
education reform. The Ministry realizes that the current strategy is only
the beginning of a process. Additional information, analytical work, and,
in particular, benchmarking of performance objectives is needed to further
the process of education reform and it is one of the goals of the current
project to provide technical advice to help develop the government's
capacity to refine its education strategy. The process of benchmarking
reform indicators has started during project preparation with the
development of a data base of municipal performance indicators such as
spending per student (including municipal own-revenue contributions) and
student-teacher ratios by various levels and language groups. While the
government's reform strategy emphasizes governance issues and sector
development outcomes, it also puts these medium to long term goals in the
context of the basic sector inputs -- both recurrent and capital
investments -- that will be needed to protect the educational strengths of
the former Yugoslav system and to stimulate quality improvement in the
future. In addition to the need for technical assistance, training and
capacity building to support the above initiatives, the government's short
term sector investment program gives priority to salary support programs,
emergency repairs and reconstruction of its aging school infrastructure,
and re-equipping of schools and training institutions (particularly
focusing on computers, internet access, and information systems).
Incentives for motivating a de-motivated teaching force are a high
priority for the MoES. Although investments in professional upgrading,
better school environments, and career advancement programs will help
motivate teachers, the fact is that it will be difficult to improve or
even maintain the quality of Serbian education until teacher remuneration
allows a basic subsistence livelihood. The Ministry recognizes that
changing the legislative framework will be key to achieving effective
decentralization. In order to move quickly and take advantage of
political support for decentralization, the Ministry has prepared draft
amendments to the education laws for pre-primary/primary and secondary
education which it intends to present for approval in the coming months,
leaving a large scale overhaul of education legislation as a medium term
(3-5 year goal). The current drafts of the primary and secondary
amendments focus primarily on the creation and empowerment of school
boards and parent associations, and on modernizing the role of inspectors
in the system. Both these issues are expected to be key elements of a
decentralization reform which serves to empower local decisions makers.
- 4 -



In addition, the government is currently considering a law on local
self-government which will re-define responsibilities for managing schools
and education resources, as well as re-assign revenue to municipalities
for various responsibilities in education. The Bank has commented on both
general education laws and the local self-government law. The local
self-government law is overly vague in terms of defining roles and
responsibilities of various levels, and in terms of what level of funding
would be required to effectively carry out these responsibilities. As
responsibilities are not expected to be more clearly defined in the new
law, the Bank will support a more precise definition of roles and
responsibilities through the development of manuals and administrative
instructions for the sector.
2. Objectives
Building capacity and producing systematic information to help government
promote effective education reform2. Improving teaching and learning in
schools and empowering local communities to take responsibility for their
schools
3. Rationale for Bank's Involvement
The proposed project design would offer the client the benefit of the
Bank's diverse experience in the process of education system reform and
recovery in the other transition countries, including Serbia's Balkan
neighbors. It is unlikely that the Government could identify another
donor partner to effectively support systemic reform issues for education
in the context of the government's macro reform strategy. The Bank is
currently financing similar initiatives -- including support for
governance and funding reform, information system development and
assessments -- in Bosnia, Macedonia and Kosovo. There is likely to be
potential to develop contacts and share experience across these
neighboring countries which would lead to increased communication,
cooperation and stability within the region.
4. Description
Following is a summary of project components. In all cases, if other
donor support is identified to support project components, the scale of
these activities could be increased, or further IDA funding could be added
to the School Grants component, described below.School Grants ($5 million)
The objectives of the school grants component are to improve teaching and
learning in schools and to empower local communities to take
responsibility for their schools. The school grants program will finance
small school improvements projects to be designed and implemented by
schools and their communities as represented by school boards. About $4.5
million in grant funding under the IDA credit will be allocated to
Serbia's 12 regions on a per student basis. The size of the small grants
will be based on a per student allocation within each region up to a
maximum of $6,000 per school. Grant funding will be based on prioritized
activities in school development plans which will be developed as a
prerequisite to applying for a grant. A draft description of the grant
mechanism, the criteria for grant allocation and the institutional
arrangements for managing the grants are available in Annex 2.      During
the project timeframe, the MoES aims to provide grants to 650 basic
schools (around 60t of the total) and around 50 general secondary schools
(509 of secondary schools). A school is defined as an administrative unit
headed by a Director, not individual feeder or satellite schools. The
- 5 -



grant funding process will be competitive. A pilot phase of the project
is expected to be run during the 2001-2002 school year prior to an
expanded main project beginning with the 2002-2003 school year.
Funding will be allocated under the project for independent evaluations at
mid-term and at the end of the project. Fund application and reporting
procedures will require the collection of standard base line information
on schools which will be made available to evaluators. Standards and
Assessment Development ($2.2 million) The objectives of this component are
(1) to raise the focus on quality in Serbian education by setting
internationally recognized standards, (2) to establish a modern and
internationally-recognized system for assessment and examinations, and (3)
to establish and develop a sustainable Education Standards and Assessment
Service for Serbia.    Under the project, a specialized technical unit for
standards, assessment and examinations will be established. Its legal
status and degree of autonomy will need to be decided by the competent
Serbian authorities, but capacity building support can be provided by the
project to a Service established within the MoES prior to such
institutional decisions. An acceptable level of independence from the
Ministry's line structure will be expected to ensure the Service's
credibility as an objective evaluator of education quality. The ESAS will
be a professional unit, charged with production (design, pretesting, and
production) of test instruments; administration and logistics of
assessments and examinations; statistical processing and analysis of
results; technical support for and training of teachers, school directors,
examiners, and local authority staff; research and development in modern
educational measurement; and regular provision of outcome reports to
policy makers in the MoES, as well as to all education stakeholders.     The
project will finance training and study visits for key specialist and
administrative/logistical ESAS staff; equipment, software, materials,
books etc. for ESAS; support for developing and piloting/field testing of
standards-linked external assessment instruments at agreed levels in the
education system (for example at grades 4 , 8 and 12 in core subjects);
support for the national costs of OECD/PISA-Plus; technical assistance to
guide the activities listed above; and the recurrent costs of the ESAS on
a declining basis over three years. A detailed cost proposal has been
included in the POM. An external assessment service would require
recurrent costs to be undertaken by the Government of Serbia in the amount
of about $464,000 per year. This amount represents less than one tenth of
a percent of current government spending on education in Serbia -- a low
investment in the assessment function by international standards.An
Education Information and Financing Systems ($2.5 million) The objective
of this component is to promote effective management of resources and
monitoring of performance in the Ministry of Education and Sports through
improved information and financing systems. The project will provide
technical support to:determine essential education data needs at the
school level and education statistical information needs at the
municipality, regional and central levels;develop the initial core set of
computer software modules covering the basic data collection, collation
and report generation in schools and the aggregation of the same data at
the municipality and ministry levels; strengthen the system platforms
(hardware) of the municipalities and regional offices of the Ministry of
Education and Sports;develop benchmark standards for the development and
implementation of future software modules; train school directors, school
secretaries, and municipality and ministry staff to effectively use the
tools of the initial set of EIS modules in terms of performance monitoring
- 6 -



and decision making, as well as manipulation of the new software;
anddevelop an analytical framework based on per pupil-based funding to be
implemented by central and potentially municipal funding authorities,
potentially combined with block grant funding pilots in select
municipalities. The development of the initial set of EIS modules will
support the basic aggregate information needs of schools, municipalities,
regions and ministries and begin the process of information management for
effective resource use and policy formation. It is not expected that the
component will produce complete personnel or student data bases in which
electronic files are created for each education employee or student,
although planning for more comprehensive data bases will be an outcome. In
the interest of transparency and public accountability, certain aggregate
data are expected to be made available to the public. This component will
support the related goals (see Decentralization below) of developing
greater municipality and school autonomy and community participation
within a decentralized governance education structure.Education
Decentralization ($1.1 million) The principal objective of the Education
Decentralization component of the project is to strengthen governance and
management capacity in primary and secondary education. Strengthened
capacity would improve the overall performance of the existing system, and
improve equity by reducing variance in capacity across schools and
municipalities. Strengthened capacity would also increase the probability
that future legal changes granting increased governance and management
powers to schools, school boards, and municipalities would be quickly
implemented. The specific objectives of this component are as follows: (a)
to strengthen the capacity of municipalities to assess the educational
needs under their responsibility, especially infrastructure, maintenance,
and transportation, and to provide logistical and other support to schools
located within the municipality; (b) to improve the capacity of school
directors to manage schools and to work effectively with other actors,
especially the school board and the municipality; and (c) to strengthen
the role of the Ministry of Education, and its school inspectors, in
supporting the improvement of the management, governance, and performance
of primary and secondary education. The component will comprise two basic
sets of activities: (1) support for needs assessment, institutional design
and capacity building at local levels, and (2) support for institutional
assessment and capacity building for monitoring and evaluation at the
central MoES. These activities will inform education decision makers of
the implications of European experience for Serbia and, thus, help refine
capacity building goals; will assess existing capacity and capacity
building needs; will design and deliver training to municipal officials,
directors, school board members, and school inspectors; will monitor and
provide information to the Government on the implementation of
decentralization policies and programs; and will strengthen the MoES in
its capacity to identify and analyze problems in sector management and to
report on performance at the municipal and school levels. These latter
two activities are designed to shorten the feedback loop and speed up
institutional learning as to how best to govern and manage decentralized
education in Serbia. Terms of reference for all activities have been
included in the POM.Project Management ($0.6 million) A project
coordination unit is being established for implementation of this
project. The PCU will be responsible for the administrative and fiduciary
responsibilities related to the project (e.g. financial management,
procurement, disbursement, monitoring and reporting). Specific
coordinators have been appointed or are being appointed for the various
-7 -



project components. With two exceptions (EIS and Assessments) these staff
will be MoES employees and would not be located in the management unit.
The EIS Coordinator and the Assessment Director will be hired externally
and on a consultant basis. A procurement officer and an accountant for
the PCU have been appointed, and a full time Project Coordinator is
expected to be appointed by end January. These staff will be paid with
project funding on a declining basis, but at salary levels commiserate
with the MoES's public sector pay scale. The Project Coordinator would
also be responsible for reporting on substantive achievements under the
project.   Sample position descriptions have been included in the POM.
School Fund
Strategic Support for Decentralization
Education Management Information System
Assessment Agency
Project Management, Monitoring and Evaluation
5. Financing
Total                                    ( US$m)
BORROWER                                   1.4
IDA                                       10
Total Project Cost                        11.4
6. Implementation
The project is expected to be implemented over a period of four years.
The Ministry of Education and Sports will be the implementing agency for
the project. As mentioned above, a Project Coordination Unit in the MoES
will be responsible for overall coordination, project management,
financial management arrangements, disbursements and organizing
procurement. See Section 1. above for a description of the
PCU.Institutional and implementation arrangements by components are as
follows: School Grants: The MoES will nominate Evaluation Boards at the
regional level. Terms of reference for these boards are included in the
Project Operational Manual (POM). The Boards will meet about three times
per year to approve project proposals to be financed under the component.
The Boards will be supported by a School Grants Coordinator appointed to
the MoES's development section, for which terms of reference will also be
included in the POM. The School Fund Coordinator will be responsible for
organizing and coordinating all Small Grants activities including
authorizing grant payments, guiding technical assistance and publicizing
the Fund. The Grants mechanism will be piloted during the 2001-2002
school year. Limited technical assistance will be contracted to assist in
training required in the regions. In addition, semi-annual quality and
procurement evaluations of performance and outcomes will be conducted by
the School Grants Coordinator. Limited funding will also be made
available to conduct spot financial audits of grant implementation at the
same time that the overall financial audit of the project is performed.
The principal criterion for allocating funding across the regions will be
the official number of primary and secondary students enrolled in each
region in the 2001-2002 school year. Education Standards and Assessment
Service: A Director will be appointed by the MoES to manage the ESAS. The
Director will recruit the senior management of the Service and senior
management will recruit technical staff. Position descriptions for
management and staff are available in the POM. The project will provide
technical assistance and training, with assistance from the PCU, to
support the operations of the ESAS in its first four years (terms of
- 8 -



reference are included in the POM). The ESAS's management is expected to
be on the evaluation committee for selection of technical assistance. The
procurement of furniture and equipment will be coordinated by the PCU
Director and Procurement Officer in cooperation with ESAS management.
Recurrent funding for the Service will be budgeted as part of the Republic
of Serbia's annual operational budget on an increasing basis throughout
the life on the project. Education Information System: The MoES will
nominate an EIS Steering Group for which terms of reference are included
in the POM. The Steering Group will oversee the procurement and
implementation of the EIS procurement for technical assistance and
training and play a coordination and consensus building role in the design
and roll out of EIS modules. The Group will be supported by technical
assistance to help design and implement the roll out (see terms of
reference in the POM). In addition, an EIS Coordinator will be appointed
in the MoES's policy and evaluation section.. He or she will play a
substantive secretariat and liaison role for the Group. The procurement
of servers, computers and other office equipment to support the EIS will
be coordinated by the Project Coordinator and Procurement Officer in
cooperation with the Steering Group. Decentralization Component: The MoES
will hire a consultant who will act as the MoES's principal counterpart
for decentralization policy, and also coordinate the work of other
technical assistance and study contracts under the component. In
addition, the MoES will appoint a Training Coordinator in its teacher
training section who will be the principal counterpart for training
activities in the municipalities. Terms of reference for the technical
assistance and Training Coordinator are included in the POM.Project
Operational Manual (POM) A Project Operational Manual is under preparation
with assistance from the Bank to facilitate the project's management and
implementation. The POM will include: (i) detailed project objectives and
description; (ii) complete terms of reference for technical assistance and
implementation support; (iii) financial management arrangements, (iv)
summary of procedures for monitoring project implementation; (v)
guidelines for processing withdrawal applications under the Credit; (vi)
methods of procurement to be followed as per the Procurement Schedule in
the Credit Agreement; (vii) guidelines for the use of Statement of
Expenditures (SOEs) and overall project funds; (viii) procedures for using
the Special Account, including those for replenishment; and (ix) sample
bidding documents and contracts for technical assistance and goods.
Assurances will be required at Negotiations that the POM will be completed
and maintained in a form satisfactory to IDA.Mid-term Review At the time
of the estimated mid-point of the project, the Borrower (through the PCU)
will be required to undertake a mid-term review of the implementation of
the project. This review will be undertaken in consultation with, and in
a manner satisfactory to IDA. By June 30, 2005, the PCU will prepare and
furnish to IDA a report which integrates the results of the monitoring and
evaluation activities.Implementation Completion Report (ICR) Once the
project is completed, the PCU will prepare, in collaboration with IDA, an
Implementation Completion Report. The ICR should be completed not later
than six months after final disbursement of the Credit proceeds. The ICR
will include an assessment of the execution of the project, costs and
benefits derived or to be derived, the performance of the Borrower, IDA
and other agencies involved in project implementation, and lessons
learned. The ICR will also include plans for the future operation of the
facilities - the ESAS and the EIS in particular -- which have been
financed under the project, including proposed indicators to monitor and
-9-



evaluate future operations.Project Monitoring and Evaluation Project
monitoring and evaluation will be carried out in five main areas: (a)
procurement and physical delivery of goods; (b) physical implementation of
project activities; (c) impact on the quality of teaching and learning and
school management under the School Grants; (d) financial management and
control of project funds; and (e) capacity building in all components.
The final set of quantitative indicators will be agreed on at Negotiations
and included in Annex l.Financial Management and DisbursementA review of
the Financial Management arrangements for the project was undertaken in
January 2002 to determine whether the financial management arrangements
within the PCU are acceptable to the Bank. It is concluded that the
Project Coordination Unit (PCU) currently does not satisfy the Bank's
minimum financial management requirements. This is due to the following
reasons: The PCU is currently not fully staffed (the Director has to be
appointed);The PCU does not have in place a financial management system
acceptable to the Bank; andThe PCU does not have an operational manual
describing the accounting policies and procedures, internal controls, and
delegation of responsibilities.However, the PCU has agreed to take the
following measures to rectify this situation:Action Deadlinel. The PCU to
be fully staffed.Prior to Board Presentation2. The PCU to implement an
interim accounting system acceptable to the Bank.Prior to Board
Presentation3. The PCU to prepare an operational manual describing the
accounting policies and procedures, internal controls, delegation of
responsibilitiesPrior to Board Presentation4. Bank FMS to review item 2
and 3 above, and revise the FM assessment.Prior to Board Presentation5.
Establish a permanent financial management system. Within three months after
Effectiveness6. The PCU to select auditors acceptable to the Bank, to
audit the Credit accounts.09/30/20027. Prepare FMR on the interim
systemFirst quarter after Effectiveness8. Prepare FMR on the new
systemFirst quarter after installation of the new systemFinancial
Reporting. The PCU will ensure the preparation and distribution of
consolidated periodic progress reports to the relevant government
institutions, including the World Bank, to reflect: (i) sources and uses
of funds, by component and activity; (ii) project progress; and (iii)
procurement activities. In this context, the PCU will prepare quarterly
Financial Monitoring Reports (FMRs), which would be submitted to the Bank
within 45 days of the end of each quarter. The first quarterly FMRs will
be submitted the quarter after the project becomes Effective. The FMR
formats were discussed during appraisal and will be agreed at
negotiations.Audit Arrangements. The PCU would be responsible for
ensuring that an independent auditor, acceptable to the Bank, is selected
and that the audit firm will audit the Project financial statement,
Special Accounts (SA), and Statement of Expenditures (SOEs) in accordance
with ISA. The PCU will maintain responsibility for the management of
project funds and the Special Account. They will monitor and keep track
of the use of funds. The audit will cover all funds related to the
project, including counterpart funds, for all project components. The
audited financial statements, the special accounts, and SOEs of the
preceding fiscal year will be sent to the Bank within six months of the
end of the fiscal year. Disbursements. Disbursements from the Credit will
be made based on traditional disbursement methods (i.e., from the Special
Account with reimbursements made based on Statements of Expenditures
(SOEs) and full documentation, and direct payments from the Credit
Account). The proceeds of the World Bank Credit will be allocated in
accordance with Table C, Annex 6. To facilitate timely project
- 10 -



implementation, the PCU will establish, maintain and operate a special
account under terms and conditions acceptable to the Bank. The option to
move to a FMR-based disbursements will not be considered.
7. Sustainability
The proposed project addresses two important dimensions of sustainability
and risk: political and financial. The Government's educational reforms
will not succeed unless they continue to enjoy political support and
adequate financing. A lesson from other transition countries is that
public support for the reform needs to be nourished from time to time by
short-term, visible reform actions and reform benefits. People need to see
the reform happening, and to feel the benefits of reform.
Decentralization is a key area of the Government's reform strategy. The
Government has developed framework legislation for decentralization of
service delivery -- including education -- to the municipality level.
This plan will produce visible results, but it also entails risks that
service delivery could suffer from too-rapid implementation. The Strategy
Development component of the proposed project will help minimize this risk
by supporting the development of implementation decrees and other
instruments for fine-tuning the implementation of the Government's
decentralization plan. The School Fund component will support local
interventions which will have a visible impact on improved teaching and
learning conditions at the school level. Through both these actions, the
proposed project will help sustain political support for the Government's
educational reforms. Financial sustainability of the Government's
educational reforms depends largely on the soundness of the plan for
financing locally provided education programs. Current plans may entail
excessive reliance upon municipality revenues for financing basic
education. This proposal entails a serious risk that the poorest and
smallest municipalities will not be able to afford education of minimally
acceptable quality. The Decentralization Capacity Building component will
help develop a more viable financing formula. To reduce the risk that
decentralization and greater private provision could degrade education
quality, the project's Student Assessment, MIS, and Monitoring and
Evaluation components will help in the long run to monitor outputs and
trigger remedial action when educational performance of particular
municipalities or institutions slips below acceptable levels.
8. Lessons learned from past operations in the country/sector
The design of the project reflects the lesson learned from Bosnia and
transition environments throughout Eastern and Central Europe that an
early focus on governance and finance issues in education is crucial to
promoting change and creating an environment for long term
sustainability. Within the context of governance and institutional
change, the importance of creating transparent information flows for
monitoring system performance and the allocation of public resources is
also a driving force behind project design. The design of the project also
reflects the finding from other transition countries in the region that,
while fundamental policy reform is needed in order to make education
programs cost effective and responsive to the needs of the global economy,
visible benefits are needed in the short term in order to sustain
political support for the reform and for the reform government. The
School Grants component of the proposed project is designed to yield
immediate and visible gains, at the same time that other components
support strategy development and the longer-term investments that are
- 11 -



crucial to the success of the reform strategy.
9. Program of Targeted Intervention (PTI)      N
10. Environment Aspects (including any public consultation)
Issues
11. Contact Point:
Task Manager
James A. Stevens
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington D.C. 20433
Telephone:   (202) 473-2848
Fax:   (202) 477-1996
12. For information on other project related documents contact:
The InfoShop
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone: (202) 458-5454
Fax:        (202) 522-1500
Web: http:// www.worldbank.org/infoshop
Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain components may
not be necessarily included in the final project.
This PID was processed by the InfoShop during the week ending Jan. 25, 2002.
- 12 -



