Page  1
                                                             CONFORMED COPY
                                                      CREDIT NUMBER 2721 MK
                        Development Credit Agreement
             (Financial and Enterprise Sector Adjustment Credit)
                                   between
                    FORMER YUGOSLAV REPUBLIC OF MACEDONIA
                               (THE BORROWER)
                                     and
                    INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                              (THE ASSOCIATION)
                             Dated June 27, 1995
                        DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
                                                         CREDIT NO. 2721 MK
      AGREEMENT, dated June 27, 1995, between the Borrower and
the Association.
      WHEREAS: (A) the Association has received a letter dated
April 3, 1995, from the Borrower describing a program of
actions, objectives and policies designed to achieve structural
adjustment of the Borrower's economy (hereinafter called the
Program), declaring the Borrower's commitment to the execution
of the Program, and requesting assistance from the Association
in the financing of urgently needed imports required during
such execution; and
      (B)   on the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing, the
Association has decided in support of the Program to provide
such assistance to the Borrower by making the Credit in two
tranches as hereinafter provided;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                  ARTICLE I
                       General Conditions; Definitions
Page  2
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the modifications thereof set forth below
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this
Agreement:
      (a)   Section 2.01, paragraph 9, shall be modified to read:
            "'Project' means the imports and other activities
      that may be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
      pursuant to the provisions of Schedule 1 to the
      Development Credit Agreement.";
      (b)   Section 9.06 (c) shall be modified to read:
            "(c)  Not later than six months after the Closing
      Date or such later date as may be agreed for this purpose
      between the Borrower and the Association, the Borrower
      shall prepare and furnish to the Association a report, of
      such scope and in such detail as the Association shall
      reasonably request, on the execution of the Program
      referred to in the Preamble to the Development Credit
      Agreement, the performance by the Borrower and the
      Association of their  respective obligations  under the
      Development Credit Agreement and the accomplishment of the
      purposes of the Credit.";
      (c)   the last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted; and
      (d)   the second sentence of Section 5.01 is modified to
read:
            "Except as the Association and the Borrower shall
            otherwise agree, no withdrawals shall be made:  (a)
            on account of expenditures in the territories of any
            country which is not a member of the Bank or for
            goods produced in, or services supplied from, such
            territories; or (b) for the purpose of any payment
            to persons or entities, or for any import of goods,
            if such payment or import, to the knowledge of the
            Association, is prohibited by a decision of the
            United Nations Security Council taken under Chapter
            VII of the Charter of the United Nations.".
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the
Preamble to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein
set forth and the following additional terms have the following
meanings:
      (a)   "SRP Enterprises" means the 23 industrial enterprises
and the two utilities included in the Special Restructuring
Program of the Borrower agreed with the Association;
      (b)   "NBM" means the National Bank of the Borrower; and
      (c)   "SITC" means the Standard International Trade
Classification, Revision 3 (SITC, Rev. 3), published by the
United Nations in Statistical Papers, Series M, No. 343 (1986).
                                 ARTICLE II
                                 The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
in the Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent to fifty four million seven hundred
thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 54,700,000).
Page  3
      Section 2.02. The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be September 30, 1996
or such later date as the Association shall establish. The
Association shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later
date.
      Section 2.04. (a)  The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a commitment charge on the principal amount of the
Credit not withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by
the Association as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed
the rate of one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date)
to the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by
the Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at
the rate set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the
accrual date or at such other rates as may be set from time to
time thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a) above.  The rate set
as of June 30 in each year shall be applied from the next
payment date in that year specified in Section 2.06 of this
Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such
places as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii)
without restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the
territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified
in this Agreement for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the
General Conditions or in such other eligible currency or
currencies as may from time to time be designated or selected
pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4
of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit
withdrawn and outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment and service charges shall be
payable semi-annually on April 15 and October 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below,
the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in
semi-annual installments payable on each April 15 and October
15 commencing October 15, 2005 and ending April 15, 2030.  Each
installment to and including the installment payable on April
15, 2015 shall be one and one-fourth per cent (1-1/4%) of such
principal amount, and each installment thereafter shall be two
and one-half percent (2-1/2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product
per capita, as determined by the Association, shall have
exceeded $790 in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive
years; and (ii) the Bank shall consider the Borrower
creditworthy for Bank lending, the Association may, subsequent
to the review and approval thereof by the Executive Directors
of the Association and after due consideration by them of the
development of the Borrower's economy, modify the terms of
repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower,
the Association may revise such modification to include, in
lieu of some or all of the increase in the amounts of such
installments, the payment of interest at an annual rate agreed
with the Association on the principal amount of the Credit
withdrawn and outstanding from time to time, provided that, in
the judgment of the Association, such revision shall not change
the grant element obtained under the above-mentioned repayment
modification.
Page  4
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms
pursuant to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines
that the Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated
significantly, the Association may, if so requested by the
Borrower, further modify the terms of repayment to conform to
the schedule of installments as provided in paragraph (a)
above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America
is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the
General Conditions.
                                 ARTICLE III
                            Particular Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower and the Association shall
from time to time, at the request of either party, exchange
views on the progress achieved in carrying out the Program and
the actions specified in Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      (b)   Prior to each such exchange of views, the Borrower
shall furnish to the Association for its review and comment a
report on the progress achieved in carrying out the Program, in
such detail as the Association shall reasonably request.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of
Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to
be maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with consistently maintained sound accounting
practices the expenditures financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the
                  Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as
                  available, but in any case not later than six
                  months after the end of each such year, a
                  certified copy of the report of such audit by
                  said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                  as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
           (iii)  furnish to the Association such other
                  information concerning said records and accounts
                  and the audit thereof as the Association shall
                  from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the basis of
statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                  accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                  records and accounts reflecting such
                  expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the
                  Association has received the audit report for
Page  5
                  the fiscal year in which the last withdrawal
                  from the Credit Account was made, all records
                  (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts
                  and other documents, or customs certificates, as
                  appropriate) evidencing such expenditures;
           (iii)  enable the Association's representatives
                  to examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audits referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                  report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                  by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                                 ARTICLE IV
                       Additional Event of Suspension
      Section 4.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified,
namely, that a situation has arisen which shall make it
improbable that the Program, or a significant part thereof,
will be carried out.
                                  ARTICLE V
                                 Termination
      Section 5.01. The date ninety (90) days after the date of
this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section
12.04 of the General Conditions.
                                 ARTICLE VI
                 Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 6.01. The Minister of Finance of the Borrower is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes
of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified for
the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Finance
            Dame Gruev 14
            91000 Skopje
                                            Telex:
                                              51 119
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                  Telex:
                  INDEVAS                     248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.             82987 (FTCC)
Page  6
                                               64145 (WUI) or
                                              197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                          THE BORROWER
                          By  /s/  Ljubica Z. Acevska
                                                  Authorized Representative
                          THE ASSOCIATION
                          By  /s/  Rachel Lomax
                                             Acting Regional Vice President
                                                    Europe and Central Asia
                                 SCHEDULE 1
                  Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
      1.    Subject to the provisions set forth or referred to in
this Schedule, the proceeds of the Credit may be withdrawn from
the Credit Account for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the
reasonable cost of goods required during the execution of the
Program and to be financed out of such proceeds.
      2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   expenditures for goods included in the following SITC
groups or subgroups, or any successor groups or subgroups under
future revisions to the SITC, as designated by the Association
by notice to the Borrower:
   Group            Subgroup         Description of Items
   112                 --            Alcoholic beverages
   121                 --            Tobacco, unmanufactured, tobacco
                                     refuse
   122                 --            Tobacco, manufactured (whether
                                     or not containing tobacco
                                     substitutes)
   525                 --            Radioactive and
                                     associated materials
   667                 --            Pearls, precious and
                                     semiprecious stones, unworked or
                                     worked
   718              718.1            Nuclear reactors, and
                                     parts thereof, fuel elements
                                     (cartridges), nonirradiated for
                                     nuclear reactors
Page  7
   Group            Subgroup         Description of Items
   728              728.43           Tobacco processing machinery
   897              897.3            Jewelry of gold, silver or
                                     platinum group metals
                                     (except watches and watch cases)
                                     and goldsmiths' or silversmiths'
                                     wares (including set gems)
   971                 --            Gold, nonmonetary (excluding
                                     gold ores and concentrates)
      (b)   expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for
goods or services supplied from the territory of the Borrower,
excluding, if the currency of the Borrower is also that of
another country, expenditures in such currency for goods or
services supplied from the territory of such other country;
      (c)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of
this Agreement; except that withdrawals in an aggregate amount
not exceeding the equivalent of SDR 16,410,000 may be made on
account of payments made for such expenditures before that
date, but after February 1, 1995;
      (d)   expenditures for goods procured under contracts
costing less than $10,000 equivalent;
      (e)   expenditures for goods supplied under a contract
which any national or international financing institution or
agency other than the Association shall have financed or agreed
to finance; and
      (f)   expenditures for goods intended for a military or
paramilitary purpose or for luxury consumption.
      3.    Withdrawals for expenditures under contracts for the
procurement of goods estimated to cost less than $3,000,000 may
be required by the Association upon the basis of statements of
expenditure under such terms and conditions as the Association
shall specify.
      4.    No withdrawal shall be made and no commitment shall
be entered into to pay amounts to or on the order of the
Borrower in respect of expenditures to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit after the aggregate of the proceeds of
the Credit withdrawn from the Credit Account and the total
amount of such commitments shall have reached the equivalent of
SDR 27,350,000 unless the Association shall be satisfied, after
an exchange of views as described in Section 3.01 of this
Agreement based on evidence satisfactory to the Association:
(a) with the progress achieved by the Borrower in the carrying
out of the Program; and (b) that the actions described in
Schedule 3 to this Agreement have been taken.
      5.    If, after the exchange of views described in
paragraph 4 above, the Association shall have given notice to
the Borrower that the progress achieved and actions taken are
not satisfactory and, within 90 days after such notice, the
Borrower shall not have achieved progress and taken actions
satisfactory to the Association, then the Association may, by
notice to the Borrower, cancel the unwithdrawn amount of the
Credit or any part thereof.
                                 SCHEDULE 2
                                 Procurement
Section I.          Procurement of Goods
Part A:     General
Page  8
      Goods shall be procured in accordance with the provisions
of Section I of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in January 1995
(the Guidelines) and the following provisions of this Section,
as applicable.
Part B:     International Competitive Bidding
      Except as otherwise provided in Part C of this Section,
goods shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance
with the provisions of Section II of the Guidelines, subject to
the provisions of paragraphs 2.63, 2.64 and 2.65 thereof.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
      Goods estimated to cost less than $3,000,000 equivalent
per contract may be procured:
1.    by purchasers required to follow the Borrower's public
procurement procedures for the importation of goods, under
contracts awarded in accordance with such procedures, subject
to the provisions of paragraphs 3.5 and 3.6 of the Guidelines;
and
2.    by other purchasers under contracts awarded on the basis
of international shopping procedures in accordance with the
provisions of paragraph 3.5 of the Guidelines.
Part D:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Prior Review
      With respect to each contract estimated to cost more than
$3,000,000 equivalent, the procedures set forth in paragraphs
2 and 3 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
2.    Post Review
      With respect to each contract not governed by paragraph 1
of this Part, the procedures set forth in paragraph 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
                                 SCHEDULE 3
                   Actions Referred to in Paragraph 4 (b)
                       of Schedule 1 to this Agreement
1.    Continued maintenance of a macro-economic framework
consistent with the objectives of the Program as determined on
the basis of indicators acceptable to the Borrower and the
Association.
2.    Completion of the following actions in the banking sector:
(i)  enhancement of NBM's regulatory enforcement powers and
establishment of prudential regulatory framework satisfactory
to the Association; (ii) resolution of the issue of remaining
frozen foreign currency deposits with the commercial banks in
a manner satisfactory to the Association; (iii) removal from
the balance sheets of the banks of all remaining foreign
credits extended prior to April 30, 1992 and their
corresponding assets; and (iv) implementation of the Borrower's
scheme for operation of the frozen foreign exchange deposits in
a manner acceptable to the Association.
3.    Completion of the privatization of Stopanska Banka with a
Board of Directors and management independent of the Borrower
or any agency of the Borrower, and reduction of the total
assets of the bank to no more than 1.8 times the size of the
total assets of Komercijalna Bank.
4.    The following actions in the enterprise sector shall be
taken in a manner acceptable to the Association:  (i)
Page  9
completion of the implementation of the approved cost-cutting
plans for all SRP enterprises; (ii) privatization or
liquidation of 700 enterprises, including 535 small, 125 medium
and 40 large, in a manner agreed with the Association; (iii)
offer for sale of 100,000 square meters of business premises
currently managed by the Borrower according to procedures
satisfactory to the Association; and (iv) initiation of the
process of privatization or liquidation of all 23 SRP
industrial enterprises under terms and conditions satisfactory
to the Association.
5.     Implementation of the following pricing regulations:  (i)
increase in average rail tariff to the level agreed with the
Association; (ii) adjustment of the average electricity tariff
to the level agreed with the Association; and (iii) application
of the standard electricity tariff schedule to all industrial
consumers.
6.    Completion of the following legislative actions: (i)
adoption by the Parliament of a new Commercial Code (Company
Law) and the Law on Denationalization and Restitution, the
drafts of which have been agreed with the Association; (ii)
submission to the Parliament of Draft Bankruptcy Law and Draft
Law on Public Enterprises, satisfactory to the Association.
7.    Completion of the following actions in the area of social
security and labor legislation:  (i) adoption of revised Law on
Labor Relations, the draft of which has been agreed with the
Association; (ii) establishment of Labor Redeployment Fund to
be managed by Privatization Agency and make a  government
deposit of US$0.5 million equivalent to finance active labor
market services;  (iii)  ensuring that payments on social
assistance and unemployment compensations are not in arrears;
and (iv)  adoption by Parliament of revised Pension and
Disability Law, the draft of which has been agreed with the
Association.
