Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2238 UNI
                   (National Population Project)
                              between
                    FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF NIGERIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        Dated June 17, 1991
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2238 UNI
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 17, 1991, between the FEDERAL REPUBLIC
OF NIGERIA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association).
      WHEREAS the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
Page  2
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, wherever
used in this Agreement, the several terms defined in the General
Conditions and in the Preamble to this Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional terms have
the following meanings:
      (a)   "Special Accounts" means the accounts referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (b)   "FMOH" means the Federal Ministry of Health;
      (c)   "CA" means a Collaborating Agency, which will be
undertaking Subprojects under Part A of the Project;
      (d)   "DPA" means the Department of Population Activities
within FMOH;
      (e)   "Phase I Subproject" means one of the seven Subprojects
described in Part A.3 of the Project which have already been
appraised by the Association;
      (f)"Phase II Subprojects" means those Subprojects in
Part A.4 of the Project to be identified and appraised under the
Project;
      (g)   "FHD" means the Family Health Division within FMOH;
      (h)   "FP" means Family Planning;
      (i)   "HEB" means the Health Education Branch within FMOH;
      (j)   "IEC" means Information, Education and Communication;
      (k)   "LGA" means a Local Government Administration or Area;
      (l)   "MCH" means Maternal and Child Health;
      (m)   "NCGPD" means the National Consultative Group on
Population for Development established by the Borrower;
      (n)   "NERDC" means the Nigerian Educational Research and
Development Council;
      (o)   "NGO" means a Non-Governmental Organization;
      (p)   "NISER" means the Nigerian Institute of Social and
Economic Research;
      (q)   "NPC" means the National Population Commission;
      (r)   "NPP" means the Borrower's National Population
Programme;
      (s)   "PAF" means the Population Activities Fund to be
established under Part A.1 of the Project;
      (t)   "PAFA" means the Borrower's PAF Agency to be established
under Part A.1 of the Project;
      (u)   "PICB" means the Population Information and Communica-
tions Branch within the Federal Ministry of Information;
      (v)   "PRF" means the Population Research Fund;
      (w)   "PHC" means Primary Health Care;
      (x)   "Subproject" means a specific population project to be
carried out by a CA utilizing proceeds of the Credit;
Page  3
      (y)   "Subproject Agreement" means an agreement between PAFA
and a CA for the carrying out of a Subproject;
      (z)   "Project Account" means the account referred to in
Section 3.03 of this Agreement; and
      (aa)  "N" or "Naira" means the Borrower's currency.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to fifty-four million two hundred thousand Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 54,200,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars, two special deposit accounts (the PAF
Special Account and the PRF Special Account) in commercial or
merchant banks on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Associa-
tion including appropriate protection against set-off, seizure or
attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Accounts
shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 5 to
this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1998 or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restric-
tions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower;
and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for the
purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other
eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on March 15 and September 15 in each year.
Page  4
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each March 15 and September 15
commencing September 15, 2001 and ending March 15, 2026. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on March 15,
2011 shall be one and one-fourth per cent (1-1/4%) of such principal
amount, and each installment thereafter shall be two and one-half
percent (2-1/2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years, and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due considera-
tion by them of the development of the Borrower's economy, modify
the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the Credit
shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out Part A of the Project
through FMOH and Part B of the Project through NISER, all with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, management and population practices, and
shall provide, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services
and other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Borrower and the Association shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall carry out the Project in
accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 4
to this Agreement.
      (c)   The Borrower shall establish, and thereafter maintain,
in a form and with functions satisfactory to the Association the
Population Activities Fund (PAF) and the Population Activities Fund
Agency (PAFA) referred to in Part A.1 of the Project.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower shall open and maintain until
completion of the Project, a Project Account for Part A of the
Project, into which it shall make quarterly deposits of its
counterpart contribution, in accordance with the estimated require-
Page  5
ments for Part A of the Project. The Borrower and the Association
presently estimate the said contributions to amount in the aggregate
to $15,300,000 equivalent over the Project period.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of the Project of the departments or
agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project or
any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section including those
                   for the Special Accounts for each fiscal year
                   audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                   principles consistently applied, by independent
                   auditors acceptable to the Association;
            (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as avail-
                   able, but in any case not later than six months
                   after the end of each such year, a certified
                   copy of the report of such audit by said audi-
                   tors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                   Association shall have reasonably requested; and
            (iii)  furnish to the Association such other informa-
                   tion concerning said records, accounts and the
                   audit thereof as the Association shall from time
                   to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in accor-
                   dance with paragraph (a) of this Section, re-
                   cords and accounts reflecting such expenditures;
            (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the Asso-
                   ciation has received the audit report for the
                   fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from
                   the Credit Account or payment out of a Special
                   Account was made, all records (contracts, or-
                   ders, invoices, bills, receipts and other docu-
                   ments) evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)    enable the Association's representatives to
                   examine such records; and
           (iv)    ensure that such records and accounts are in-
                   cluded in the annual audit referred to in para-
                   graph (b) of this Section and that the report of
                   such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                   auditors as to whether the statements of expen-
                   diture submitted during such fiscal year, to-
                   gether with the procedures and internal controls
                   involved in their preparation, can be relied
                   upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 5.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
Page  6
      (a)   the Borrower has established PAFA in accordance with
Section 3.01 (c) of this Agreement;
      (b)   the Borrower has established a subcommittee of NCGPD to
approve subventions from PAF and supervise PAF operations;
      (c)   the Borrower has appointed a full-time manager for PAF
on terms and conditions, and with qualifications, satisfactory to
the Association; and
      (d)   the Borrower has opened the Project Account and has made
an initial deposit of N 5 million into the Project Account.
      Section 5.02. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 6.01. The Minister of Finance and Economic Development
of the Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for
the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            The Honourable Minister
            Federal Ministry of Finance
              and Economic Development
            P.M.B. 12591
            Federal Secretariat, Ikoyi
            Lagos, Nigeria
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   FEDMINFIN                 21248 (ITT)
                   Lagos
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:              Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF NIGERIA
                         By /s/ Zubair Mamoud Kazaure
                                         Authorized Representative
Page  7
                         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                         By /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                           Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1)  Goods, works             16,910,000        100% up to 85% of
     and services                               the total cost
     under Phase I                              of a Subproject
     Subprojects
(2)  Goods, works
     and services
     under Phase II
     Subprojects
     (a) Federal               8,420,000        100% up to 85% of
         Government                             the total cost
         and Federal                            of a Subproject
         Parastatals
    (b)  State                 6,350,000        100% up to 85% of
         Governments                            the total cost
                                                of a Subproject
    (c)  LGAs                  4,900,000        100% up to 90% of
                                                of the total cost
                                                of a Subproject
    (d)  NGOs                    690,000        100% up to 95% ofthe
total cost
                                                of a Subproject
                                                Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(3)  PAFA:
     (a) Equipment,              350,000        100% of
         vehicles,                              foreign ex-
         furniture,                             penditures
         supplies and                           and 85% of
         materials                              local ex-
                                                penditures
     (b) Consultants             350,000        100%
         services,
         training and
         study tours
Page  8
     (c) Travel, incre-        1,180,000        100%
         mental salaries
         and other incre-
         mental operating
         costs
(4)  DPA:
     (a) Equipment,            1,590,000        100% of foreign
         vehicles,                              expenditures and
         furniture,                             85% of local
         supplies and                           expenditures
         materials
     (b) Consultants             620,000        100%
         services, train-
         ing, study tours
         and preparation
         grants to CAs
                           Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(5)  PRF:
     (a) Research              2,690,000        100%
         sub-contracts,
         workshops and
         administration
         costs
     (b) Computers, other         70,000        100% of foreign
         equipment                              expenditures and
         and vehicles                           85% of local
                                                expenditures
(6)  Unallocated              10,080,000
                              __________
         TOTAL                54,200,000
                              ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower; and
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement;
      (b)   payments made for expenditures under Category (1) in the
table in paragraph 1 above until: (i) the Borrower has (A) adopted
operational procedures for PFA acceptable to the Association, and
(B) recruited and assigned to PAFA four additional key staff or
long-term consultants to assist PAFA in carrying out its functions
under the Project; and (ii) with regard to each Subproject, the
relevant Subproject Agreement has been executed between PAFA and the
CA concerned;
      (c)   payments made for expenditures under Category (2) in the
Page  9
table in paragraph 1 above until: (i) the Borrower has (A) recruited
and assigned to DPA five additional key management staff to assist
DPA in carrying out its functions under the Project, and (B)
prepared a plan, acceptable to the Association, for development of
state-level population planning and coordination focal points; (ii)
with regard to each Subproject, the relevant Subproject Agreement
has been executed between PAFA and the CA concerned; (iii) in the
case of any of the first three Phase II Subprojects, the Association
has agreed to each such Subproject; and (iv) in the case of any
Subproject estimated to cost $500,000 equivalent or more, the
Association has agreed to each such Subproject; and
      (d)   payments made for expenditures under Category (5) in the
table in paragraph 1 above until the Borrower has developed detailed
operational procedures (including prototype grant agreements)
acceptable to the Association and has prepared the first year's work
program.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to strengthen the institu-
tional framework and to expand the basis for undertaking the large-
scale, intersectoral, National Population Programme (NPP) of the
Borrower.
      The Project consists of the following Parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A
1.    Establishment of the Population Activities Fund (PAF) to
provide grant financing to Collaborating Agencies (CAs); establish-
ment of a Population Activities Fund Agency (PAFA) in FMOH to manage
the financial operations of PAF; and strengthening the capability of
the Department of Population Activities (DPA) to manage the
technical operations of PAF.
2.    Carrying out of Subprojects in priority population areas.
3.    Phase 1 Subprojects
      (a)   Integration of Family Planning (FP) into Maternal and
            Child Health (MCH) through the expansion and strengthen-
            ing of the management and technical capabilities of the
            Family Health Division of FMOH (FHD), FMOH's four zonal
            offices and the offices of State FP coordinators and the
            extension of coverage of FP services in 20 selected
            Local Government Areas (LGAs).
      (b)   Promotion of FP through health education; in-service
            training and acquisition of equipment; strengthening of
            FMOH's Health Education Branch (HEB), the Africa
            Regional Health Education Centre at the University of
            Ibadan; development of a training program at a univer-
            sity other than the University of Ibadan, and develop-
            ment of prototype IEC materials.
      (c)   Establishment of tertiary centers for reproductive
            health in four zonal Federal teaching hospitals and
            provision at the said tertiary centers of specialized
            technical training, supervision and research services
            (e.g. in areas such as delivery of FP services, contra-
            ception, infertility and sexually transmitted diseases)
            for NPP; and promotion and supervision of stronger FP
            services at State general hospitals.
      (d)   Establishment within the Federal Ministry of Information
            of a Population Information and Communications Branch
Page  10
            (PICB); strengthening of the Borrower's Ministry of
            Information and of other communications training,
            research and production institutions; development,
            testing and dissemination of printed and electronic
            media materials (including radio and television dramas)
            on priority population messages; provision of rented
            office space, furniture, equipment, vehicles; workshops
            and training for project staff; surveys and evaluation
            studies.
      (e)   Development of population/family life education through
            Primary Schools on a pilot basis, including the strengt-
            hening of the Population Education Department of the
            Nigerian Educational Research and Development Council
            (NERDC), and the introduction of population education in
            about 2,000 selected schools in about 100 LGAs.
      (f)   Monitoring of the demographic impact of NPP through a
            sentinel survey system.
      (g)   Integration of Population into the National Development
            Planning Process under the leadership of the Federal
            Ministry of Budget and Planning assisted by core and
            sectoral Federal and State Ministries and in collabora-
            tion with the universities; the provision of equipment,
            vehicles, stationery and materials; and training
            including workshops, study tours and fellowships.
4.    Phase 2 Subprojects
      Carrying out of other population related Subprojects as
reflected in the Borrower's annually updated three-year rolling plan
for population.
Part B
      Development of a systematic effort to: (a) explore the socio-
cultural and economic supports for large families and the deter-
minants of fertility and contraceptive use in Nigeria, (b) help
design appropriate population interventions, and (c) promote
appropriate adjustments in population policies and programs through
the Population Research Fund to be established and managed by NISER.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1998.
                            SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part B hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall be
grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of
$200,000 or more.
3.    Standard form bidding documents and contracts satisfactory to
the Association shall be prepared for use in the procurement of
goods under Part A.1 of this Section.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
Page  11
described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in Nigeria may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    (a)   Civil works estimated to cost $200,000 equivalent or
less per contract, and goods estimated to cost $100,000 equivalent
or less per contract, may be procured under contracts awarded on the
basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally with statements of
the evaluation and award criteria, in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Association, provided that: (i) PAFA and DPA
together may only procure under this paragraph goods estimated to
cost in the aggregate $1,000,000 equivalent or less; and (ii) with
respect to the procurement by CAs of goods for the carrying out of
Phase I Subprojects, CAs as a group may only procure under this
paragraph goods estimated to cost in the aggregate $4,000,000
equivalent or less.
      (b)   Standard form bidding documents and contracts satisfac-
tory to the Association shall be prepared for use in the procurement
of goods and civil works under Part C.1 (a) of this Section.
2.    Civil works or goods estimated to cost $50,000 equivalent or
less per contract, may be procured under contracts awarded on the
basis of comparison of price quotations obtained from at least three
suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Association, provided that: (i) PAFA
and DPA together may only procure under this paragraph goods or
works estimated to cost in the aggregate $500,000 equivalent or
less; (ii) NISER may only procure under this paragraph goods or
works estimated to cost in the aggregate $150,000 equivalent or
less; and (iii) with respect to the procurement by CAs of goods for
the implementation of Phase I Subprojects, CAs as a group may only
procure under this paragraph goods estimated to cost in the
aggregate $2,000,000 equivalent or less.
3.    Contracts for journals, spare parts, contraceptives still
under patent and for which no appropriate substitutes are available,
and other items of a proprietary nature may be awarded after direct
negotiations with suppliers, in accordance with procedures accep-
table to the Association.
4.    All payments of costs for training, fellowships, studies,
incremental salaries, allowances for travel and other operating
costs will be through the procedures of each implementing agency,
provided that such procedures shall have been found acceptable by
the Association.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to: (i) each contract (A) for goods
estimated to cost $100,000 equivalent or more or (B) for works
estimated to cost $200,000 equivalent or more; and (ii) each first
contract to be awarded by PAFA, DPA, NISER or a CA (regardless of
the size of the contract) the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2
and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments
for such contract are to be made out of a Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies
of the contract required to be furnished to the Association pursuant
to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Association prior
to the making of the first payment out of the Special Account in
respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of a Special Account, such procedures
Page  12
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to paragraph 3 of said
Appendix shall be furnished to the Association as part of the
evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to
this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Association has
authorized withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfac-
tory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consul-
tants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing
Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                      Implementation Program
Part A of the Project
1.    The Borrower shall organize annual consultative meetings among
DPA, PAFA, NISER and CAs at which, inter alia, reports on the
previous year's performance shall be discussed with the Association
and other interested funding agencies. The Borrower shall no later
than June 30, 1994 carry out a mid-term review of the Project with
the Association.
2.    The Borrower shall make the proceeds of the Credit available
to CAs on a grant basis. An initial installment shall be provided to
a CA for mobilization purposes equal (a) to 10% of the anticipated
Subproject financing for any Subproject estimated to cost the
equivalent of less than $1,000,000, or (b) to 5% of the anticipated
Subproject financing for any Subproject estimated to cost the
equivalent of $1 million or more, provided that such installment of
10% or 5% shall be recovered in connection with disbursements under
this Agreement in a manner to be specified by the Association.
3.    PAFA and DPA shall by September 30 of each year furnish to the
Association, for its review and comments, their work programs for
management of PAF for the following fiscal year, including projected
disbursements from PAF and other financial requirements.
4.    The following criteria shall be met with regard to Phase II
Subprojects:
      (a)   population activities to be funded under the Project
shall be selected from an annually agreed list from the Borrower's
current three-year rolling plan for NPP and shall meet general
Subproject guidelines to be agreed upon from time to time by the
Borrower and the Association;
      (b)   initial commitment to a given Subproject shall be
limited to a maximum of three years, with renewals possible based on
agreed performance indicators;
      (c)   some IEC activities must be included in any Subproject
focused on FP service delivery;
      (d)   each proposal submitted by a State shall clearly relate
to activities at the LGA level;
Page  13
      (e)   at least 3% of funds in PAF shall be reserved for NGOs;
and
      (f)   each Subproject shall be funded from the proceeds of the
Credit and from amounts provided by the Borrower and the CA itself
under proportions, approved by the Association, fixed for each type
of Subproject; such categorization shall be made on the basis of
whether the entity carrying out the Subproject is a Federal
Government entity, a parastatal, a State Government entity, an LGA
or an NGO.
5.    PAFA and DPA shall be jointly responsible for identifying,
preparing and appraising all Phase II Subprojects, in accordance
with criteria satisfactory to the Association, including inter alia:
      (a)   use of Guidelines, especially for States and LGAs,
agreed between the Borrower and the Association;
      (b)   all Subprojects estimated to cost $100,000 equivalent or
less, up to an aggregate amount of $2 million equivalent may be
jointly approved by PAFA and DPA;
      (c)   all Subprojects estimated to cost $100,000 equivalent up
to a maximum of $500,000 equivalent shall be approved by NCGPD, up
to an aggregate amount of $10 million equivalent; and
      (d)   all Subprojects estimated to cost $500,000 equivalent or
more and the first three of the Phase II Subprojects (regardless of
their estimated cost), shall be reviewed for comments by the
Association prior to their submission to the PAF Management
Committee of NCGPD for approval.
6.    PAFA shall enter into Subproject Agreements with each CA.
These agreements (a) shall set forth, inter alia, the agreed
Subproject objectives, the procurement plan and procedures, the
indicators for monitoring Subproject execution, the obligations of
CA, including provision of counterpart funds, and (b) shall require
(i) establishment of basic accounting practices (including the
keeping of records and accounts), the furnishing of annual narrative
and financial reports, the undertaking of annual audits, and, (ii)
that procurement under the Subproject Agreement be made in accor-
dance with Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
7.    No later than June 30, 1995 PAFA and DPA shall carefully
review every new proposed Subproject and every proposed extension of
existing Subprojects to ensure that only those Subprojects or
extensions of Subprojects likely to be completed before the expected
completion date of the Project shall be accepted for financing under
the Credit.
8.    The additional key staff of PAFA and DPA referred to in
paragraph 3 (b) and (c) in Schedule 1 shall: (i) have qualifications
and experience, and be appointed on terms and conditions satisfac-
tory to the Association; and (ii) consist (A) with respect to PAFA
of a Chief Finance Officer, Chief Programme Officer, Chief
Administrative Officer and an Internal Auditor; and (B) with respect
to DPA of a Deputy Director and Assistant Director for Monitoring,
Evaluation, and Research and three additional Section Chiefs in the
Services, IEC, and Population and Development Branches.
Part B of the Project
9.    (a)   NISER shall, by September 30 of each year furnish to the
Association, for its review and comments, its work program for
management of PRF for the following fiscal year.
      (b)   PRF shall identify practical ways for NPP to overcome
major socio-cultural and economic constraints. PRF shall bring
together a core group of specialists in different disciplines,
commission research by universities and other research bodies,
conduct workshops to bring together researchers and program
managers, and administer the program. PRF shall also work with
Page  14
relevant implementing agencies to develop Subprojects to be financed
out of PAF.
10.   The Borrower shall establish in NISER, a special unit
consisting initially of three professional staff for the day-to-day
management of PRF. General oversight of PRF shall be vested in a
subcommittee set up under NCGPD. Specific research proposals shall
be reviewed in quarterly meetings of the PRF Technical Committee,
which shall be chaired by the head of NISER's Population Research
Unit, and shall consist of, at least, representatives of: (a) DPA,
PAFA, NPC, FMOH's Department of Planning, Research and Statistics;
(b) a State; and (c) the Planned Parenthood Federation of Nigeria as
a representative of NGOs. Prior approval of the Association shall be
required (i) for research grants or contracts of $25,000 equivalent
or more, and (ii) for each research grant or contract after research
grants and contracts amounting in the aggregate to $1,500,000
equivalent or more, or any other amount specified by the Associa-
tion, shall have been awarded or concluded. Agreements between NISER
and grantees shall require that all supplies and materials purchased
by grantees shall be procured using local competitive shopping with
a minimum of three price quotations and selection of the lowest
quotation.
                            SCHEDULE 5
                         Special Accounts
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
through (4) for the PAF Special Account and Category (5) for the PRF
Special Account set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1
to this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $2,500,000 for the PAF Special Account and $500,000
for the PRF Special Account to be withdrawn from the Credit Account
and deposited in the Special Accounts pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Accounts shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Accounts have been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish a
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit in the respective Special Account such
amount or amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the respective Special
                  Account, the Borrower shall furnish to the Asso-
                  ciation requests for deposits into that Special
                  Account at such intervals as the Association
                  shall specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
Page  15
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the respective Special Account such amount as the
                  Borrower shall have requested and as shall have
                  been shown by said documents and other evidence
                  to have been paid out of the Special Account for
                  eligible expenditures.
      All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from
the Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in
the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by
said documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Accounts, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Accounts:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
      Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
respective Special Account as of the date of such notice will be
utilized in making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Accounts: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to
the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the
Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the Association
may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Accounts (or, if the
Association shall so request, refund to the Association) an amount
equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so
eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise agree,
no further deposit by the Association into the Special Accounts
shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence or made
such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Accounts will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Accounts.
Page  16
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
