Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2194 TO
               (Fourth Structural Adjustment Credit)
                              between
                         REPUBLIC OF TOGO
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                      Dated December 21, 1990
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2194 TO
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated December 21, 1990, between REPUBLIC OF TOGO
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Association has received a letter dated
October 31, 1990, from the Borrower describing a program of actions,
objectives and policies designed to achieve structural adjustment of
the Borrower's economy (hereinafter called the Program), declaring
the Borrower's commitment to the execution of the Program, and
requesting assistance from the Association in the financing of
urgently needed imports required during such execution; and
      (B)   on the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing, the
Association has decided in support of the Program to provide such
assistance to the Borrower by making the Credit in three tranches as
hereinafter provided;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the modifications thereof set forth below (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)   Section 2.01, paragraph 9, shall be modified to read:
            "'Project' means the imports and other activities that
      may be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit pursuant to
      the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit
      Agreement.";
      (b)   Section 9.06 (c) shall be modified to read:
            "(c) Not later than six months after the Closing Date or
      such later date as may be agreed for this purpose between the
      Borrower and the Association, the Borrower shall prepare and
      furnish to the Association a report, of such scope and in such
      detail as the Association shall reasonably request, on the
      execution of the Program referred to in the Preamble to the
      Development Credit Agreement, the performance by the Borrower
      and the Association of their  respective obligations under the
      Development Credit Agreement and the accomplishment of the
      purposes of the Credit."; and
      (c)   the last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "CFAF" means the currency of the Borrower;
      (b)   "SITC" means the Standard International Trade Clas-
sification, Revision 3 (SITC, Rev. 3), published by the United
Nations in Statistical Papers, Series M, No. 343 (1986);
      (c)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement; and
      (d)   "BCEAO" means Banque Centrale des Etats de l'Afrique de
l'Ouest.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in this
Agreement, an amount in various currencies equivalent to thirty nine
million six hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 39,600,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Program,
open and maintain in CFAF a special deposit account in central bank
on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Association. Deposits
into, and payments out of, the Special Account shall be made in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be March 31, 1993 or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
Page  3
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restric-
tions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower;
and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for the
purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other
eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment and service charges shall be payable
semiannually on March 15 and September 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each March 15 and September 15
commencing March 15, 2001 and ending September 15, 2030. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on Septem-
ber 15, 2010 shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and
each installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such
principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due considera-
tion by them of the development of the Borrower's economy, modify
the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the Credit
shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the French Republic is hereby
specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Condi-
tions.
      Section 2.09. (a) BCEAO is designated as representative of the
Page  4
Borrower for the purposes of taking any action required or permitted
to be taken under the provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement
and Article V of the General Conditions.
      (b)   Without limitation or restriction to the foregoing, the
Borrower hereby entrusts BCEAO with responsibility for the prepara-
tion of withdrawal applications under the Credit and for the
collection of the documents and other evidence to be furnished to
the Association in support of such applications; such withdrawal
applications shall to the extent practicable be consolidated so as
to apply for withdrawal of aggregate amounts of not less than
SDR 500,000 equivalent.
                            ARTICLE III
                       Particular Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower and the Association shall from
time to time, at the request of either party, exchange views on the
progress achieved in carrying out the Program and the actions
specified in Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      (b)   Prior to each such exchange of views, the Borrower shall
furnish to the Association for its review and comment a report on
the progress achieved in carrying out the Program, in such detail as
the Association shall reasonably request.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 2 to this
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with consistently maintained sound accounting practices the
expenditures financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section including those
                   for the Special Account for each fiscal year
                   audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                   principles consistently applied, by independent
                   auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)    furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                   but in any case not later than 4 months after
                   the end of each such year, a certified copy of
                   the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                   such scope and in such detail as the Association
                   shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Association such other informa-
                   tion concerning said records and accounts and
                   the audit thereof as the Association shall from
                   time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, BCEAO shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained in accordance
                  with sound accounting practices, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain until at least one year after the Association has
                  received the audit report for the fiscal year in which
                  the last withdrawal from the Credit Account was made
                  records (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts
                  and other documents) evidencing such expenditures;
Page  5
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are includ-
                  ed in the annual audit referred to in paragraph
                  (b) of this Section and that the report of such
                  audit contains a separate opinion by said audi-
                  tors as to whether the statements of expenditure
                  submitted during such fiscal year, together with
                  the procedures and internal controls involved in
                  their preparation, can be relied upon to support
                  the related withdrawals.
                            ARTICLE IV
                  Additional Event of Suspension
      Section 4.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely,
that a situation has arisen which shall make it improbable that the
Program, or a significant part thereof, will be carried out.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 5.01. The following event is specified as an addi-
tional condition to the effectiveness of this Agreement within the
meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions, namely, that
the Borrower has recruited the experts required to carry out a
diagnostic study for the reorganization of the ministries of
Planning and Mines, Economy and Finance, and Commerce and Transport.
      Section 5.02. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 6.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 (a) of this
Agreement, the minister of the Borrower responsible for economy and
finance is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Economy and Finance
            B.P. 387
            Lome
            Republic of Togo
            Cable address:                      Telex:
                  MINFIE                          5286
                  Lome, Togo
      For the Association:
            International Development
             Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                   Telex:
                 INDEVAS                       248423 (RCA)
Page  6
                 Washington, D.C.               82987 (FTCC)
                                                64145 (WUI) or
                                               197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        REPUBLIC OF TOGO
                        By /s/ Ellom-Kodjo Schuppius
                                         Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                           SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    Subject to the provisions set forth or referred to in this
Schedule, the proceeds of the Credit may be withdrawn from the
Credit Account for expenditures made (or, if the Association shall
so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and
services required during the execution of the Program and to be
financed out of such proceeds.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   expenditures for goods included in the following SITC
groups or subgroups, or any successor groups or subgroups under
future revisions to the SITC, as designated by the Association by
notice to the Borrower:
   Group           Subgroup       Description of Items
   112                --          Alcoholic beverages
   121                --          Tobacco, unmanufactured, tobacco
                                  refuse
   122                --          Tobacco, manufactured (whether
                                  or not containing tobacco
                                  substitutes)
   525                --          Radioactive and
                                  associated materials
   667                --          Pearls, precious and
                                  semiprecious stones, unworked or
                                  worked
   718             718.1          Nuclear reactors, and
                                  parts thereof, fuel elements
                                  (cartridges), non-irradiated for
                                  nuclear reactors
   Group           Subgroup       Description of Items
Page  7
   897             897.3          Jewelry of gold, silver or
                                  platinum group metals
                                  (except watches and watch cases)
                                  and goldsmiths' or silversmiths'
                                  wares (including set gems)
   971                --          Gold, nonmonetary (excluding
                                  gold ores and concentrates)
      (b)   expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for
goods or services supplied from the territory of the Borrower,
excluding, if the currency of the Borrower is also that of another
country, expenditures in such currency for goods or services
supplied from the territory of such other country;
      (c)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement, except that withdrawals in an aggregate amount not
exceeding the equivalent of SDR 8,000,000 may be made on account of
payments made for such expenditures before that date but after
September 1, 1990;
      (d)   expenditures for goods procured under contracts costing
less than $10,000 equivalent;
      (e)   expenditures for goods supplied under a contract which
any national or international financing institution or agency other
than the Association shall have financed or agreed to finance;
      (f)   expenditures for goods intended for a military or
paramilitary purpose or for luxury consumption; and
      (g)   expenditures in excess of an aggregate amount equivalent
to SDR 13,900,000 for petroleum products and foodstuffs.
3.    No withdrawal shall be made and no commitment shall be entered
into to pay amounts to or on the order of the Borrower in respect of
expenditures to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit:
      (a)   after the aggregate of the proceeds of the Credit
withdrawn from the Credit Account and the total amount of such
commitments shall have reached the equivalent of SDR 18,000,000,
unless the Association shall be satisfied, after an exchange of
views as described in Section 3.01 of this Agreement based on
evidence satisfactory to the Association: (i) with the progress
achieved by the Borrower in the carrying out of the Program, and
(ii) that the actions described in Part A of Schedule 3 to this
Agreement have been taken; and
      (b)   after the aggregate of the proceeds of the Credit
withdrawn from the Credit Account and the total amount of such
commitments shall have reached the equivalent of SDR 29,000,000,
unless the Association shall be satisfied, after an exchange of
views as described in Section 3.01 of this Agreement based on
evidence satisfactory to the Association: (i) with the progress
achieved by the Borrower in the carrying out of the Program; and
(ii) that the actions described in Part B of Schedule 3 to this
Agreement have been taken.
4.    If, after any of the exchanges of views described in paragraph
3 above, the Association shall have given notice to the Borrower
that the progress achieved and actions taken are not satisfactory
and, within 90 days after such notice, the Borrower shall not have
achieved progress and taken actions satisfactory to the Association,
then the Association may, by notice to the Borrower, cancel the
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit or any part thereof.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                            Procurement
1.    Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of $1,000,000 or more each shall be awarded through
Page  8
international competitive bidding in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines), subject to the
following modifications:
      (a)   Paragraph 2.8 of the Guidelines is deleted and the
following is substituted therefor:
      "2.8 Notification and Advertising
            The international community should be notified in a
      timely manner of the opportunity to bid. This will be done by
      advertising invitations to apply for inclusion in a bidder's
      invitation list, to apply for prequalification, or to bid;
      such advertisements should be placed in at least one newspaper
      of general circulation in the Borrower's country and, in
      addition, in at least one of the following forms:
            (i)    a notice in the United Nations publication,
                   Development Forum, Business Edition; or
           (ii)    an advertisement in a newspaper, periodical or
                   technical journal of wide international circula-
                   tion; or
          (iii)    a notice to local representatives of countries
                   and territories referred to in the Guidelines,
                   that are potential suppliers of the goods re-
                   quired."
      (b)   The following is added at the end of paragraph 2.21 of
the Guidelines:
            "As a further alternative, bidding documents may require
      the bidder to state the bid price in a single currency widely
      used in international trade and specified in the bidding
      documents."
      (c)   Paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines are deleted.
2.    Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of less than $1,000,000 shall be awarded:
      (a)   by purchasers required to follow the Borrower's public
procurement procedures for the importation of goods, on the basis of
such procedures, provided that such procedures shall have been found
acceptable by the Association;
      (b)   by other purchasers, in accordance with established
commercial practice, provided that such contracts shall be awarded
on the basis of evaluation and comparison of quotations obtained
from suppliers from at least two countries, except that direct
contracting procedures acceptable to the Association may be used
where considered appropriate under paragraph 3.5 of the Guidelines;
and
      (c)   by any purchasers, for the supply of commodities, on the
basis of evaluation and comparison of quotations obtained from more
than one supplier.
3.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraph 1 of
this Schedule, the Borrower shall:
      (a)   furnish to the Association, prior to the submission to
the Association of the first application for withdrawal of funds
from the Credit Account in respect of such contract, two conformed
copies of such contract, together with the analysis of the respec-
tive bids and recommendations for award, a description of the
advertising and tendering procedures followed and such other
information as the Association shall reasonably request. Where
payments under a contract are to be made out of the proceeds of the
Page  9
Special Account, such copies together with the other information
required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to this
paragraph shall be furnished to the Association as part of the
evidence required under paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement;
and (b) ensure that any preshipment inspection required prior to the
import of goods procured under the said contract shall be applied
only in respect of the quality and quantity stated in the said
contract.
4.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraph 2 of
this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association, prior
to the submission to the Association of the first application for
withdrawal of funds from the Credit Account in respect thereof, such
documentation and information as the Association may reasonably
request to support withdrawal applications in respect of such
contract. Where payments under a contract are to be made out of the
proceeds of the Special Account, the documentation and the informa-
tion to be furnished to the Association pursuant to the provisions
of this paragraph shall be furnished to the Association as part of
the evidence required under paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement.
                            SCHEDULE 3
          Actions Referred to in Paragraph 3 (a) (ii) and
             (b) (ii) of Schedule 1 to this Agreement
A.    For purposes of the release of the Second Tranche
      The following actions have been taken and are satisfactory to
the Association:
1.    A three-year rolling public investment program (including
investments to be financed with the proceeds of phosphate counter-
trade) for 1991-1993 has been agreed with the Association.
2.    Agreement has been reached with the Association on budgetary
allocations to be appropriated in the 1991 budget for the agricul-
tural, education, and health sectors and for road maintenance.
3.    A new government procurement code has been enacted.
4.    (a)   An Action Plan based on the recommendations of the
diagnostic study for the reorganization of the ministries of
Planning and Mines, Economy and Finance, and Commerce and Transport,
has been adopted and the implementation of the said action plan has
commenced; and (b) a diagnostic study to improve the efficiency of
the civil service has been executed, an action plan including
specific measures recommended by the said study has been adopted,
and the implementation of the said action plan has commenced.
5.    (a)   A law establishing the new institutional and legal
framework for public enterprises has been enacted; (b) implementing
decrees for said law have been issued; (c) the statutes of twelve
selected public enterprises have been revised; and (d) substantial
progress has been achieved in the implementation of the liquidation
and privatization program.
6.    An action plan including specific measures to improve the
standards of living and productivity of the poorest segments of the
Togolese population has been adopted and the implementation of the
said action plan has commenced.
7.    Satisfactory arrangements have been made to ensure preshipment
inspection of goods imported into the Borrower's territories.
B.   For purposes of the release of the Third Tranche
1.    A three-year rolling public investment program (including
investments to be financed with the proceeds of phosphate counter-
trade) for 1992-1994 has been agreed upon with the Association and
the applicable portion of the program referred to in Paragraph 1 of
Page  10
Part A of this Schedule has been implemented.
2.    Agreement has been reached with the Association on allocations
to be appropriated in the 1992 budget for the agricultural,
education and health sectors and for road maintenance and the
applicable budgetary allocations referred to in Paragraph 2 of Part
A of this Schedule have been appropriately utilized.
3.     (a)  Substantial progress has been achieved in the implemen-
tation of the Action Plan for the reorganization of the ministries
of Planning and Mines, Economy and Finance, and Commerce and
Transport including, inter alia, adoption and implementation of new
staffing plans; establishment of management information systems; and
execution of staff training programs; and (b) substantial progress
has been achieved in the implementation of the action plan for
improving the efficiency of the civil service.
4.    (a)   The statutes of the remaining fourteen public enter-
prises have been revised; (b) substantial progress has been achieved
in the implementation of the liquidation and privatization program;
and (c) all existing overdue cross debts between the Borrower and
public enterprises and among public enterprises themselves have been
settled.
5.    Substantial progress has been achieved in the implementation
of the action plan for improving the standards of living and
productivity of the poorest segments of the Togolese population.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required during
the execution of the Program and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement; and
      (b)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount of CFAF
1,500,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and deposited
into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Association re-
                   quests for deposits into the Special Account at
                   such intervals as the Association shall specify.
           (ii)    Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   the documents and other evidence required pursu-
                   ant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the
                   payment or payments in respect of which reple-
Page  11
                   nishment is requested. On the basis of each such
                   request, the Association shall, on behalf of the
                   Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account and
                   deposit into the Special Account such amount as
                   the Borrower shall have requested and as shall
                   have been shown by said documents and other
                   evidence to have been paid out of the Special
                   Account for eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit, less
the amount of any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with
respect to the Program, shall equal the equivalent of twice the
amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit shall follow such procedures as the
Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further
withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent that the
Association shall have been satisfied that all such amounts
remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date of such
notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible expendi-
tures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
Page  12
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
