Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2724 VN
                       Development Credit Agreement
            (Power Sector Rehabilitation and Expansion Project)
                                  between
                      SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF VIET NAM
                                    and
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                            Dated July 11, 1995
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2724 VN
                       DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 11, 1995, between  SOCIALIST
REPUBLIC OF VIET NAM (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to
the feasibility and priority of the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has requested the Association to
assist in the financing of the Project;
      (B) Part A of the Project will be carried out by Power
Company No.2 (PC2) and Part B of the Project will be carried
out by Power Company No.3 (PC3), in each case with the
Borrower's assistance and, as part of such assistance, the
Borrower will make available to PC2 and PC3 a portion of the
proceeds of the Credit as provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower
upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and
in the Project Agreement of even date herewith among the
Association, PC2 and PC3;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                      General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this
Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the
Preamble to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein
set forth and the following additional terms have the following
meanings:
      (a)   "Accounting Study" means the study of the financial
and accounting system of the power companies in Viet Nam to be
carried out by the Borrower with the assistance of a grant
proposed to be made available to the Borrower by the Asian
Development Bank.
      (b) "Affected Person" means a person who on account of the
execution of Parts A and B of the Project had or would have
his: (a) standard of living adversely affected; or (b) right,
title or interest in any house, land (including premises,
agricultural and grazing land) or any other fixed or movable
asset acquired  or possessed, temporarily or permanently; or
(c) business, occupation, work or place of residence or habitat
adversely affected, and "Affected Persons" means collectively
all persons who qualify as an Affected Person.
      (c) "Charters" means the Charters 147-TTg dated April 7,
1993 and 148-TTg, dated April 7, 1993 governing the
organization and operation of PC2 and PC3 respectively.
      (d)  "Demand-side Management Study" means the study of
issues and options for effective electricity demand-side
management in the Socialist Republic of Viet Nam undertaken
pursuant to Japanese Grant Agreement TF 22753, entered into
between the Borrower and the Bank acting as Administrator of
grant funds provided by Japan.
      (e)  "Distribution System Phase 1 RAP" means the Power
Sector Rehabilitation and Expansion Project Resettlement Action
Plan, dated March 27, 1995, approved by the Borrower for
carrying out the compensation, resettlement and rehabilitation
of each Affected Person, under Parts A.1 and B.1 of the
Project, as such plan may be amended from time to time by
agreement between the Borrower and the Association.
      (f)   "Distribution System Phase 2 (PC2) RAP" and
"Distribution System Phase 2 (PC3) RAP" mean, respectively, the
detailed resettlement action plan prepared by each of PC2 and
PC3 pursuant to Section 2.02(b) of the Project Agreement, in
each case as approved by the Borrower pursuant  to Section
3.01(b) of this Agreement, and "Distribution System Phase 2
RAPS" means the Distribution System Phase 2 (PC2) RAP and
Distribution System Phase 2 (PC3) RAP collectively.
      (g)  "EVN" means Electricity of Viet Nam, an enterprise
established pursuant to Decree No. 14/TTg of the Prime Minister
of the Borrower.
      (h)   "Environment Assessment" means the Environmental
Impact Assessment of the proposed conversion of Ba Ria Gas
Turbines to Combined Cycle Operation prepared by the Borrower
in February 1994.
Page  3
      (i) "Governing Laws" means (i) Decree No. 147/TTg, dated
April 7, 1993 and Decree No. 148/TTg, dated April 7, 1993
governing the organization of PC2 and PC3, respectively, and
(ii) Business Registration Certificate No. 102618, dated April
23, 1993 and Business Registration Certificate No. 104024,
dated June 2, 1993 governing the operations and registration of
PC2 and PC3, respectively.
      (j) "MOE" means the Borrower's Ministry of Energy, and any
successor thereto.
      (k) "MOE Special Account", "PC2 Special Account" and "PC3
Special Account" mean the accounts referred to in Section 2.02
(b) of this Agreement.
      (l) "Project Agreement" means the agreement among the
Association and PC2 and PC3, of even date herewith, as the same
may be amended from time to time, and such term includes all
schedules and agreements supplemental to such Agreement.
      (m) "PC2 Subsidiary Loan Agreement" and "PC3 Subsidiary
Loan Agreement" mean the agreements to be entered into between
the Borrower and PC2 and PC3 respectively, pursuant to Section
3.01 (c) of this Agreement, as the same may be amended from
time to time, and such term includes any schedules to such
agreements.
      (n) "Power Development Program" means the Borrower's ten-
year power development program and the associated five-year
implementation plan and financing plan in respect thereof, for
the efficient expansion and development of its power generation
and transmission systems.
      (o) " Power Sector Institutional Strengthening Study"
means the study of the institutional structure and commercial
systems of the power companies in the Socialist Republic of
Viet Nam undertaken pursuant to Japanese Grant Agreement TF
22753 entered into between the Borrower and the Bank acting as
Administrator of grant funds provided by Japan.
      (p) "Power Sector Reform and Restructuring Study" means
the study proposed to be carried out by the Joint UNDP/World
Bank Energy Sector Management Assistance Programme.
      (q) "Special Accounts" means the MOE Special Account, the
PC2 Special Account and the PC3 Special Account, collectively,
and "Special Account" means any of the Special Accounts
referred to in Section 2.02(b) of this Agreement.
      (r)   "State Bank of Viet Nam" means the Central Bank of
the Borrower, and any successor thereto.
      (s)   "Subsidiary Loan Agreements" means the PC2 Subsidiary
Loan Agreement and the PC3 Subsidiary Loan Agreement,
collectively, and "Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means either of
the Subsidiary Loan Agreements.
      (t)   "Tariff Study" means the national tariff study to be
carried out by the Borrower with the assistance of a grant
proposed to be made available to the Borrower by the Asian
Development Bank.
      (u)   "Transmission RAP" means the Power Sector
Rehabilitation  and Expansion Project Plan dated March 27,
1995, approved by the Borrower, for carrying out the
compensation, resettlement and rehabilitation of each Affected
Person under Part B.2 of the Project, as such plan may be
amended from time to time by agreement between the Borrower and
the Association.
                                ARTICLE II
Page  4
                                The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
in the Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent to one hundred and ten million, six
hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 110,600,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be
withdrawn from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures
made (or, if the Association shall so agree, to be made) in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit.
      (b) The Borrower may, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars three separate special deposit
accounts in a commercial bank on terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Association, including appropriate
protection against set-off, seizure or attachment, to be known
as the MOE Special Account, the PC2 Special Account and the PC3
Special Account, respectively.  Deposits into, and payments out
of, the Special Accounts shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1999 or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The
Association shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later
date.
      Section 2.04. (a)  The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a commitment charge on the principal amount of the
Credit not withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by
the Association as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed
the rate of one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b) The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date)
to the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by
the Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at
the rate set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the
accrual date or at such other rates as may be set from time to
time thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a) above.  The rate set
as of June 30 in each year shall be applied from the next
payment date in that year specified in Section 2.06 of this
Agreement.
      (c) The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such
places as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii)
without restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the
territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified
in this Agreement for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the
General Conditions or in such other eligible currency or
currencies as may from time to time be designated or selected
pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one per cent
(3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit
withdrawn and outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall
be payable semiannually on May 1 and November 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below,
the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in
semi-annual installments payable on each May 1 and November 1
commencing November, 2005, and ending May 1, 2035.  Each
installment to and including the installment payable on May 1,
2015 shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and
Page  5
each installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such
principal amount.
      (b) Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded
$790 in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years and
(ii) the Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank
lending, the Association may, subsequent to the review and
approval thereof by the Executive Directors of the Association
and after due consideration by them of the development of the
Borrower's economy, modify the terms of repayment of
installments under paragraph (a) above by requiring the
Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such installment not
yet due until the principal amount of the Credit shall have
been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the Association
may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some or all
of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the
Association on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time, provided that, in the judgment
of the Association, such revision shall not change the grant
element obtained under the above-mentioned repayment
modification.
      (c) If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly,
the Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further
modify the terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of
installments as provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America
is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the
General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE III
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to
the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, and, to this end:
            (i)   shall carry out Part C of the Project with due
                  diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
                  appropriate administrative, financial,
                  engineering and environmental practices and
                  shall provide, promptly as needed, the funds,
                  facilities, services and other resources
                  required for such Part of the Project; and
            (ii)  without limitation or restriction upon any of
                  its other obligations under the Development
                  Credit Agreement, the Borrower shall cause each
                  of PC2 and PC3 to perform all their respective
                  obligations set forth in the Project Agreement,
                  shall take or cause to be taken all action,
                  including the provision of funds, facilities,
                  services and other resources, and the
                  adjustment of tariffs, necessary or appropriate
                  to enable PC2 and PC3 to perform such
                  obligations, and shall not take or permit to be
                  taken any action which would prevent or
                  interfere with such performance.
      (b) Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph
(a) of this Section, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   promptly take all such actions as are necessary
                  to ensure that all measures required under the
                  Transmission RAP and the Distribution System
Page  6
                  Phase 1 RAP are promptly adopted and carried
                  out in a timely manner with respect to Affected
                  Persons; and
            (ii)  furnish the Distribution Phase 2 RAPs in a
                  timely manner to the Association for its
                  approval and thereafter take all such actions
                  as shall be required to ensure that the
                  measures required under said Distribution Phase
                  2 RAPs, as approved by the Borrower and the
                  Association, are carried out with respect to
                  Affected Persons.
      (c) The Borrower shall relend the amounts allocated from
time to time to Categories (1) and (2) of the table set forth
in paragraph 1 of Schedule (1) to this Agreement to PC2, and to
Categories (4) and (5) thereunder to PC3 under subsidiary loan
agreements to be entered into between the Borrower and each of
PC2 and PC3, respectively, under terms and conditions which
shall have been approved by the Association, which shall
include: (i) interest at a rate of six point nine percent
(6.9%) per annum  on the principal amount so relent and
withdrawn by PC2 or PC3, as the case may be, and outstanding
from time to time; (ii) repayment over a period of twenty (20)
years, including a grace period of five (5) years; and (iii)
foreign exchange risk to be borne by PC2 or PC3, as the case
may be.
      (d) The Borrower shall exercise its rights under each
Subsidiary Loan Agreement in such manner as to protect the
interests of the Borrower and the Association and to accomplish
the purposes of the Credit, and except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate
or waive the Subsidiary Loan Agreements or any provision
thereof.
      Section 3.02.  Without limitation upon the provisions of
Section 3.01 (a) and 6.01 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall
(a) promptly notify the Association of any proposal to amend,
suspend or repeal the Governing Laws or any provision thereof;
(b) cause EVN to promptly notify the Association of (i) any
proposal to amend, suspend or repeal either or both of the
Charters or (ii) any other proposal to change the structure,
organization, powers or responsibilities of PC2 and PC3 which
may affect their ability to carry out their respective
obligations under the Project Agreement or under their
respective Subsidiary Loan Agreements; and (c) afford the
Association, or shall cause EVN to afford the Association, as
the case may be, an adequate opportunity to comment on any such
proposal prior to taking any action thereon.
      Section 3.03. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods and consultants' services
required for Part C of the Project and to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions
of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.04. Without limitation upon the provisions of
Article IX of the General Conditions, the Borrower shall:
      (a)   prepare and furnish to the Association not later than
six (6) months after the Closing Date or such later date as may
be agreed for this purpose between the Borrower and the
Association, a plan, of such scope and in such detail as the
Association shall reasonably request, for the future operation
of the Project;
      (b) afford the Association a reasonable opportunity to
exchange views with the Borrower on said plan; and
      (c) thereafter, carry out said plan with due diligence and
efficiency and in accordance with appropriate practices, taking
Page  7
into account the Association's comments thereon.
      Section 3.05. The Borrower and the Association hereby
agree that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04,
9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating
to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules,
records and reports, maintenance and land acquisition,
respectively) in respect of Parts A and B of the Project and
shall be carried out by PC2 and PC3 respectively, pursuant to
Section 2.05 (a) of the Project Agreement.
                                ARTICLE IV
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to
be maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices the operations,
resources and expenditures in respect of Part C of the Project
of the departments or agencies of the Borrower responsible for
carrying out said Part.
      (b) The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section  and those for
                  the Special Accounts for each fiscal year
                  audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the
                  Association;
            (ii)  furnish to the Association, as soon as
                  available, but in any case not later than nine
                  months after the end of each such year, a
                  certified copy of the report of such audit by
                  said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                  as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
           (iii)  furnish to the Association such other
                  information concerning said records,
                  accounts and the audit thereof as the
                  Association shall from time to time
                  reasonably request.
                                 ARTICLE V
                              Other Covenants
      Section 5.01.  Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 3.01 of this Agreement, the Borrower
shall prepare and furnish to the Association:
      (a)   by December 31, 1995, for its review and comments,
            its proposed Power Development Program;
      (b)   by December 31 of each succeeding year, for its
            review and comments, (i) a review of the
            implementation of the Power Development Program
            during the preceding twelve months; (ii) its
            proposed implementation program for the next five
            years; and (iii) a review of the policy and levels
            of its electricity tariffs, which review shall
            include proposed adjustments to said tariffs to
            generate funds adequate to meet the requirements of
            the carrying out of the Power Development Program;
            and
Page  8
      (c)   thereafter carry out the Power Development Program,
            and implement said proposed adjustments to tariffs,
            in each case taking into account the Association's
            comments thereon.
      Section 5.02.  The Borrower shall:
      (a) promptly upon completion of each of the Tariff Study,
the Power Sector Institutional Strengthening Study, the Demand
Side Management Study and the Accounting Study, furnish to the
Association for its review and comment: (i) the findings of
each said study and (ii) its proposals for the implementation
of said recommendations; and
      (b) thereafter in each case implement said proposals in a
timely manner, taking into account the comments of the
Association.
      Section 5.03. The Borrower shall discuss with the
Association, within 90 days of its completion: (a) the findings
and recommendations of the Power Sector Reform and
Restructuring Study; and (b) its proposals for the
implementation of said recommendations.
                                ARTICLE VI
                        Remedies of the Association
      Section 6.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a) PC2 or PC3 shall have failed to perform any of their
respective obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (b) As a result of events which have occurred after the
date of the Development Credit Agreement, an extraordinary
situation shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that
either PC2 or PC3 (or both) will be able to perform its
obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (c) The Governing Laws or the Charters shall have been
amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to
affect materially and adversely the ability of the Borrower or
either of PC2 or PC3, as the case may be, to perform any of its
respective obligations under this Agreement or under the
Project Agreement, as the case may be.
      (d) The Borrower, EVN or any other authority having
jurisdiction shall have taken any action for the dissolution or
disestablishment of PC2 or PC3 or for the suspension of their
respective operations.
      Section 6.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a) any event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 6.01
of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period
of sixty (60) days after notice thereof shall have been given
by the Association to the Borrower; and
      (b) any event specified in paragraph (c) and (d) of
Section 6.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                                ARTICLE VII
                        Effective Date; Termination
      Section 7.01. The following events are specified as an
additional condition to the effectiveness of the Development
Page  9
Credit Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the
General Conditions, namely, that the Subsidiary Loan Agreements
have been executed on behalf of the Borrower and PC2 and PC3
respectively.
      Section 7.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association:
      (a) that the Project Agreement has been duly authorized or
ratified by each of PC2 and PC3, and is legally binding upon
each of PC2 and PC3 in accordance with its terms;
      (b) that the PC2 Subsidiary Loan Agreement and the PC3
Subsidiary Loan has each been duly authorized or ratified by
the Borrower and PC2 and PC3 respectively, and each is legally
binding upon the Borrower and PC2 or PC3, as the case may be,
in accordance with its terms; and
      (c) that the Distribution System Phase 1 RAP and the
Transmission RAP have been duly approved by the Borrower and
all necessary actions have been taken to enable the
Distribution System Phase 1 RAP and the Transmission RAP to be
implemented in accordance with their respective terms.
      Section 7.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of
this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section
12.04 of the General Conditions.
                               ARTICLE VIII
                 Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 8.01. The Governor of the State Bank of Viet Nam
of the Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower
for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 8.02. The following addresses are specified for
the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            State Bank of Viet Nam
            49 Ly Thai To Street
            Hanoi
            Socialist Republic of Viet Nam
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  VIETBANK                412248 NHTWVT
                  HANOI
      For the Association:
            International Development
             Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                 248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.         82987 (FTCC)
                                           64145 (WUI) or
                                          197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
Page  10
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in Hanoi,
Socialist Republic of Viet Nam, as of the day and year first
above written.
                        SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF VIET NAM
                        By /s/ Cao Sy Kiem
                                                Authorized Representative
                              INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        By /s/ Russell Cheetham
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                                    East Asia and Pacific
                                SCHEDULE 1
                 Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of
the amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage
of expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                                 Amount of the
                                    Credit              % of
                                   Allocated        Expenditures
                                 (Expressed in          to be
          Category              SDR Equivalent)       Financed
Part A of the Project
(1) Goods
          (a) under Part          20,100,000        100% of foreign
              A.1 of the                            expenditures,
              the Project                           100% of local
                                                    expenditures
                                                    (ex-factory
                                                    cost) and 50%
                                                    of local expen-
                                                    ditures for
                                                    other items
                                                    procured locally
          (b) under Part A.2      52,250,000        100% of foreign
              through A.4 of                        expenditures,
              the Project                           100% of local
                                                    expenditures
                                                    (ex-factory
                                                    cost)
                                                    and 50% of
                                                    local
                                                    expenditures
                                                    for
                                                    other items
                                                    procured
                                                    locally
                                 Amount of the
                                    Credit              % of
                                   Allocated        Expenditures
Page  11
                                 (Expressed in          to be
          Category              SDR Equivalent)       Financed
(2)       Consultants'               3,760,000      100%
          Services
(3)       Unallocated                2,300,000
Part B of the Project
(4) Goods
    (a) under Part B.1               8,710,000       100% of foreign
        of the Project                               expenditures,
                                                     100% of local
                                                     expenditures
                                                     (ex-factory
                                                     cost) and 50%
                                                     of local expendi-
                                                     tures for other
                                                     items procured
                                                     locally
    (b) under Part B.2              13,400,000       100% of foreign
          through B.4 of                             expenditures,
          the Project                                100% of local
                                                     expenditures
                                                     (ex-factory
                                                     cost)
                                                     and 50% of
                                                     local
                                                     expenditures
                                                     for
                                                     other items
                                                     procured
                                                     locally
(5) Consultants' Services        2,010,000           100%
(6) Unallocated                  2,700,000
                                 Amount of the
                                    Credit              % of
                                   Allocated        Expenditures
                                 (Expressed in          to be
          Category              SDR Equivalent)       Financed
Part C of the Project
(7) Goods                      3,350,000             100% of foreign
                                                     expenditures,
                                                     100% of local
                                                     expenditures
                                                     (ex-factory
                                                     cost) and 50%
                                                     of local
                                                     expenditures for
                                                     other items
                                                     procured locally
(8) Consultants'
    Services                   1,010,000             100%
(9) Unallocated                1,010,000
    Total                    110,600,000
2. For the purposes of this Schedule:
Page  12
    (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
          the currency of any country other than that of the
          Borrower for goods or services supplied from the
          territory of any country other than that of the
          Borrower; and
    (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
          currency of the Borrower or for goods or services
          supplied from the territory of the Borrower.
3.        Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
    (a)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of
          this Agreement, except that withdrawals, in an
          aggregate amount not to exceed SDR 3,400,000 may be
          made in respect of Categories (1)(b), (2), (4)(b), (5)
          and (8) on account of payments made for expenditures
          before that date but after August 23, 1994; and
    (b)   payments made for expenditures under: (i) Category
          1(a), until the Borrower has furnished to the
          Association a Distribution Phase 2 (PC2) RAP
          satisfactory to the Association, together with a legal
          opinion of counsel acceptable to the Association
          stating that said RAP has been duly approved by the
          Borrower and is legally enforceable in accordance with
          its terms; and (ii) Category 4(a), until the Borrower
          has furnished to the Association a Distribution Phase
          2(PC3) RAP satisfactory to the Association, together
          with a legal opinion of counsel acceptable to the
          Association indicating that said RAP has been duly
          approved by the Borrower and is legally enforceable in
          accordance with its terms.
                                SCHEDULE 2
                        Description of the Project
    The objectives of the Project are: (a) to assist the
Borrower in optimizing its public investment decisions in the
power sector and help meet demand growth; (b) to help improve
the efficiency of the power sector by: (i) rehabilitating and
reinforcing electrical transmission and distribution systems;
(ii) converting power generating plants from open to combined
cycle operation; and (iii) installing modern load dispatch
centers; (c) to strengthen the planning, administrative and
management capabilities of PC2 and PC3 through technical
assistance and training; (d) to rationalize and strengthen the
training systems for the power sector; and (e) to assist in the
review of issues and options in the promotion of electricity
energy efficiency and demand side management.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to
such modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association
may agree upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:  Power Sector Rehabilitation and Expansion in the
         Southern Region
1.  Distribution rehabilitation and expansion in Ho Chi Minh
City:
    Upgrading the existing electricity distribution system by
(i) the extension and rehabilitation of MV and LV lines,
including the provision of new feeders and other ancillary
equipment and material; and (ii) the rehabilitation of and
additions to MV and LV substations and distribution switching
stations.
2.  Generation upgrading: Converting three 37.5 MW open cycle
Page  13
turbines to a 170MW combined cycle unit at Ba Ria.
3.  Load dispatch upgrading: Upgrading the Southern Region Load
Dispatch Center in Ho Chi Minh City by the provision and
installation of equipment and the provision of system and
application software.
4.  Hydropower development: Carrying out an engineering study
for a proposed Hydro Power Project at Dai Ninh.
5.  Institutional strengthening: Upgrading the training
facilities at the Southern Region Training Center by: (i) the
expansion of facilities; (ii) the provision of laboratory,
testing and other training equipment; and (iii) the provision
of training.
6.  Resettlement and rehabilitation: Resettling and
rehabilitating Affected Persons under Part A.1 of the Project.
Part B: Power Sector Rehabilitation and Expansion in the
        Central Region
1.  Distribution rehabilitation and expansion in Hue and
Nhatrang: Upgrading the electricity distribution systems by:
(i) the extension and rehabilitation of MV and LV lines,
including the provision of new feeders and other ancillary
equipment and material; and (ii) the rehabilitation of and
additions to MV and LV substations and distribution switching
stations.
2.  Transmission and load dispatch upgrading: Upgrading
transmission capabilities through: (i) construction of a 220 kV
transmission line between Krongbuk and Nhatrang; (ii) the
construction of a 220kV substation at each of Krongbuk and
Nhatrang; (iii) the upgrading of the 110kV substations at
Nhatrang, Cau Do and Lien Tri, and (iv) the establishment of a
Central Region Load Dispatch Center in Danang through the
construction of premises and provision and installation of
equipment and the provision of system and application software.
3.  Institutional strengthening: Upgrading the training
facilities at the Central Region Training Center by (i) the
expansion of faci- lities; (ii) the provision of laboratory,
testing and other training equipment; and (iii) the provision
of training.
4.  Resettlement and rehabilitation: Resettling and
rehabilitating  Affected Persons under Parts B.1 and B.2 of the
Project.
Part C: National Power Sector Rehabilitation and Expansion
1.  Load dispatch upgrading: Upgrading the National Load
Dispatch Center in Hanoi by the provision and installation of
equipment and the provision of system and application software.
2.  Hydropower development: Carrying out an engineering study
for a proposed hydropower project at Son La.
3.  Institutional strengthening: (i) Upgrading training
facilities by the provision of training equipment for the
National Training Center in Hanoi; (ii) undertaking a study for
the organization, management and staffing of the power
companies in Viet Nam; and (iii) undertaking a study on the
development of a power sector demand-side management capacity.
                                   * * *
    The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1998.
                                SCHEDULE 3
Page  14
                   Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods
Part A: International Competitive Bidding
    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines), and in
accordance with the following additional procedures:
    (a) When contract award is delayed beyond the original bid
validity period, such period may be extended once, subject to
and in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 2.59 of the
Guidelines, by the minimum amount of time required to complete
the evaluation, obtain necessary approvals and clearances and
award the contract.  The bid validity period may be extended a
second time only if the bidding documents or the request for
extension shall provide for appropriate adjustment of the bid
price to reflect changes in the cost of inputs for the contract
over the period of extension.  Such an increase in the bid
price shall not be taken into account in the bid evaluation.
With respect to each contract made subject to the Association's
prior review in accordance with the provisions of Part D.1 of
this Section, the Association's prior approval will be required
for (i) a first extension of the bid validity period if the
period of extension exceeds sixty (60) days and (ii) any
subsequent extension of the bid validity period.
    (b) In the procurement of goods in accordance with this Part
A, the Borrower shall use the relevant standard bidding
documents issued by the Bank, with such modifications thereto
as the Association shall have agreed to be necessary for the
purposes of the Project.  Where no relevant standard bidding
documents have been issued by the Bank, the Borrower shall use
bidding documents based on other internationally recognized
standard forms agreed with the Association.
Part B: Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
    In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in
the Socialist Republic of Viet Nam may be granted a margin of
preference in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions
of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs 1
through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C : Other Procurement Procedures
    Special testing and measuring equipment estimated to cost
the equivalent of $200,000 or less per contract, up to an
aggregate amount equivalent of $1,200,000, may be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
acceptable to the Association through limited international
bidding procedures on the basis of evaluation and comparison of
bids obtained from at least three qualified suppliers eligible
under the Guidelines and in accordance with procedures set
forth in Sections I and II of the Guidelines (excluding
paragraphs 2.8, 2.9, 2.55, 2.56); provided, however, that such
goods estimated to cost the equivalent of $50,000 or less per
contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent of $400,000, may
be procured on the basis of comparison of price quotations
obtained from at least three suppliers from at least three
different countries eligible under the Guidelines, in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Association.
Part D: Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.        With respect to each contract for goods, the procedures
Page  15
set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines
shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of a Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to
ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract required
to be furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph
2 (d) shall be furnished to the Association prior to the making
of the first payment out of the MOE Special Account in respect
of such contract.
2. The figure of 15 % is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
    In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out Part C of
the Project, the Borrower shall employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Association. Such
consultants shall be selected in accordance with principles andprocedures satisfactory 
to the Association on the basis of the
"Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers
and by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the
Bank in August 1981 (the Consultant Guidelines). For complex,
time-based assignments, the Borrower shall employ such
consultants under contracts using the standard form of contract
for consultants' services issued by the Bank, with such
modifications as shall have been agreed by the Association.
Where no relevant standard contract documents have been issued
by the Bank, the Borrower shall use other standard forms agreed
with the Association.
                                SCHEDULE 4
                             Special Accounts
    1.  For the purposes of this Schedule:
    (a) the term "eligible Categories" means: (i) for the PC2
Special Account, Categories (1) and (2); (ii) for the PC3
Special Account,  Categories (4) and (5); and (iii) for the MOE
Special Account,  Categories (7) and (8), all as set forth in
the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
    (b) the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories
in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement; and
    (c) the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to:  (i) for the PC2 Special Account, $4,000,000;
(ii) for the PC3 Special Account, $1,500,000; and (iii) for the
MOE Special Account $600,000, all to be withdrawn from the
Credit Account and deposited in the respective Special Accounts
pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
    2.  Payments out of the Special Accounts shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with the
provisions of this Schedule.
    3. After the Association has received evidence satisfactory
to it that a Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals
of the Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to
replenish  said Special Account shall be made as follows:
    (a) For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests
for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate
amount of the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such
request or requests, the Association shall, on behalf of the
Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit in said
Page  16
Special Account such amount or amounts as the Borrower shall
have requested.
    (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the said Special Account,
                the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                requests for deposits into said Special Account
                at such intervals as the Association shall
                specify.
          (ii)  Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                payments in respect of which replenishment is
                requested.  On the basis of each such request,
                the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                by said documents and other evidence to have been
                paid out of said Special Account for eligible
                expenditures.
    All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from
the Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories,
and in the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been
justified by said documents and other evidence.
    4. For each payment made by the Borrower out of a Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association
shall reasonably request, furnish to the Association such
documents and other evidence showing that such payment was made
exclusively for eligible expenditures.
    5. Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into a Special Account:
    (a) if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals in respect of any respective Parts
of the Project should be made by the Borrower directly from the
Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article V
of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement;
    (b) if the Borrower shall have failed to furnish to the
Association, within the period of time specified in Section
4.01 (b) (ii) of this Agreement, any of the audit reports
required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
Section in respect of the audit of the records and accounts for
said Special Account;
    (c) if, at any time, the Association shall have notified the
Borrower of its intention to suspend in whole or in part the
right of the Borrower to make withdrawals from the Credit
Account pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.02 of the
General Conditions; or
    (d) once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories for said Special Account,
less the amount of any outstanding special commitment entered
into by the Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General
Conditions with respect to the respective Parts of Project,
shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
    Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the
eligible Categories for said Special Account shall follow such
procedures as the Association shall specify by notice to the
Borrower.  Such further withdrawals shall be made only after
and to the extent that the Association shall have been
Page  17
satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in said
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized
in making payments for eligible expenditures.
    6. (a) If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of a Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph
2 of this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence
furnished to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon
notice from the Association: (A) provide such additional
evidence as the Association may request; or (B) deposit into
said Special Account (or, if the Association shall so request,
refund to the Association) an amount equal to the amount of
such payment or the portion thereof not so eligible or
justified.  Unless the Association shall otherwise agree, no
further deposit by the Association into said Special Account
shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence or
made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
    (b) If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in a Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures,
the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association,
refund to the Association such outstanding amount.
    (c) The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit
in a Special Account.
    (d) Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the
Credit Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in
accordance with the relevant provisions of this Agreement,
including the General Conditions.
