Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2724 VN
                             Project Agreement
            (Power Sector Rehabilitation and Expansion Project)
                                   among
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                    and
                            POWER COMPANY NO.2
                                    and
                             POWER COMPANY NO.3
                            Dated July 11, 1995
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2724 VN
                             PROJECT AGREEMENT
    AGREEMENT, dated July 11, 1995, among INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and POWER COMPANY
NO.2 (PC2) and POWER COMPANY NO.3 (PC3).
    WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between Socialist Republic of Viet Nam (the Borrower)
and the Association, the Association has agreed to make
available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies
equivalent to one hundred and ten million, six hundred thousand
Special Drawing Rights (SDR 110,600,000), on the terms and
conditions set forth in the Development Credit Agreement, but
only on condition that PC2 and PC3 agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Association as are set forth in this
Agreement;
    (B) by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and each of PC2 and PC3, a portion of the
proceeds of the Credit provided for under the Development
Credit Agreement will be relent to each of PC2 and PC3 on the
terms and conditions set forth in said subsidiary loan
agreements; and
    WHEREAS PC2 and PC3, in consideration of the Association's
Page  2
entering into the Development Credit Agreement with the
Borrower, have each agreed to undertake the obligations set
forth in this Agreement;
    NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                                Definitions
    Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement and
in the General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project
    Section 2.01. PC2 and PC3 each declares its commitment to
the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement, and, to this end, (i) PC2 shall
carry out Part A of the Project and (ii) PC3 shall carry out
Part B of the Project, in each case with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate administrative,
financial, engineering and environmental and resettlement
practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly
as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources
required for Parts A and B of the Project, respectively.
    Section 2.02.  Without limitation upon the provisions of
Section 2.01 and except as the Association and PC2 or PC3, as
the case may be, shall otherwise agree:
    (a) PC3 shall carry out the resettlement and
rehabilitation of Affected Persons in accordance with the
Transmission RAP in a manner satisfactory to the Association;
    (b) each of PC2 and PC3 shall prepare their respective
Distribution Phase 2 RAPs in a timely manner and, upon approval
of said RAPs by the Borrower and the Association, promptly
thereafter take all such actions as are required under said
RAPs with respect to the Affected Persons; and
    (c) PC2 shall (i) carry out Part A.1 of the Project in
accordance with the measures described in the Environmental
Assessment; (ii) without limitation or restriction on the
preceding provisions of this Section 2.02 (c), take timely
action to ensure that any adverse environmental impact of Part
A.1 of the Project is effectively mitigated in a manner which
is acceptable to the Association; and (iii) provide timely and
adequate compensation, determined in accordance with criteria
satisfactory to the Association, to the Affected Persons whose
rights or interest in shrimp farms are compulsorily acquired
under Part A.1 of the Project, or whose capability for carrying
on their business, occupation or work in shrimp farms is
adversely affected under said Part of the Project.
    Section 2.03. Without limitations on the provisions of
Section 2.01 and except as the Association may otherwise agree,
PC2 and PC3 shall each:
    (a) not sell, lease, assign or otherwise dispose of any of
its assets which shall be required for the efficient
performance of its operations or which may prejudice its
ability to perform satisfactorily any of its obligations under
this Agreement; and
    (b) not: (i) amend, suspend or repeal any provision of its
respective Charter; or (ii) make any change in its structure,
Page  3
organization, powers or responsibilities which may materially
and adversely affect (A) its ability to perform any of its
obligations under this Agreement or (B) the operation of the
facilities established under its respective Part of the
Project.
    Section 2.04. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods and consultants' services
required for Parts A and B of the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
    Section 2.05. (a) PC2 and PC3 shall each carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07
and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and
reports, maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in
respect of the Project Agreement and Parts A and B of the
Project respectively.
    (b) Without limitation upon the provisions of Article IX of
the General Conditions, each of PC2 and PC3 shall:
    (i)   prepare and furnish to the Association not later than
six (6) months after the Closing Date or such later date as may
be agreed for this purpose between the Borrower and the
Association, a plan, of such scope and in such detail as the
Association shall reasonably request, for the future operation
of its respective Part of the Project;
    (ii) afford the Association a reasonable opportunity to
exchange views with the Borrower on said plan; and
    (iii) thereafter, carry out said plan with due diligence and
efficiency and in accordance with appropriate practices, taking
into account the Association's comments thereon.
    Section 2.06. PC2 and PC3 shall each duly perform all its
obligations under their respective Subsidiary Loan Agreements.
Except as the Association shall otherwise agree, PC2 and PC3
shall each not take or concur in any action which would have
the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving their
Subsidiary Loan Agreements or any provision thereof.
    Section 2.07. (a) PC2 and PC3 shall each, at the request of
the Association, exchange views with the Association with
regard to the progress of its respective Part of the Project,
the performance of its obligations under this Agreement and
under the respective Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other
matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
    (b) PC2 and PC3 shall each promptly inform the Association
of any condition which interferes or threatens to interfere
with the progress of its respective Part of the Project, the
accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit, or the
performance by PC2 or PC3 of their obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreements.
                                ARTICLE III
                 Management and Operations of PC2 and PC3
    Section 3.01. PC2 and PC3 shall each carry on its operations
and conduct its affairs in accordance with sound public
utility, administrative, financial, engineering, environmental
and resettlement practices under the supervision of qualified
and experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
    Section 3.02. PC2 and PC3 shall each at all times operate
and maintain its plant, machinery, equipment and other
Page  4
property, and from time to time, promptly as needed, make all
necessary repairs and renewals thereof, all in accordance with
sound engineering, financial and public utility practices.
    Section 3.03. PC2 and PC3 shall each take out and maintain
with responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory
to the Association for, insurance against such risks and in
such amounts as shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
    Section 3.04.  PC3 shall prepare by no later than December
31, 1995, and thereafter implement, an action plan,
satisfactory to the Association, for the progressive reduction
of its non-technical losses to a maximum level of 3% of
electricity generated and transmitted.
                                ARTICLE IV
                            Financial Covenants
    Section 4.01. (a) PC2 and PC3 shall each maintain records
and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices its operations and financial condition.
    (b) Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section 4.01, PC2 and PC3 shall each maintain, for each
of its fiscal years commencing fiscal year 1995, records and
accounts, that shall (i) consolidate the accounts and financial
statements of its operation and construction divisions; (ii) be
on an accrual basis; (iii) provide no depreciation for assets
which have been written off; (iv) apply a single depreciation
rate for normal depreciation charges; (v) write off obsolete
stock; (vi) reflect actual profits and losses; and (vii) make
adequate provision for bad debts.
    (c) PC2 and PC3 shall each:
          (i)   have its records, accounts and financial
                statements (its respective Special Account,
                balance sheets, statements of income and
                expenses, cash flow and related statements) for
                each fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                appropriate auditing principles consistently
                applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                the Association;
          (ii)  furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                but in any case not later than nine months after
                the end of each such year: (A) certified copies
                of its financial statements for such year as so
                audited; and (B) the report of such audit by said
                auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                Association shall have reasonably requested; and
         (iii)  furnish to the Association such other
                information concerning said records,
                accounts and financial statements as well
                as the audit thereof, as the Association
                shall from time to time reasonably request.
    Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, PC2 shall produce, for each of its fiscal years after
its fiscal year ending on December 31, 1995, funds from
internal sources equivalent to not less than 25 % of the annual
average of PC2's capital expenditures incurred, or expected to
be incurred, for that fiscal year, the previous fiscal year and
the next fiscal year.
    (b)   Before March 31 in each of its fiscal years after that
ending on December 31, 1995, PC2  shall, on the basis of
forecasts prepared by PC2 and satisfactory to the Association,
review whether it would meet the requirements set forth in
Page  5
paragraph (a) of this Section in respect of such fiscal year
and the next following fiscal year and shall furnish to the
Association a copy of such review upon its completion.
    (c)   If any such review shows that PC2 would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) of this Section for PC2
fiscal years covered by such review, PC2 shall promptly take
all necessary measures, including, without limitation,
adjustments to the structure or levels of its tariffs, in order
to meet such requirements.
    Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, PC3 shall maintain, for each of its fiscal years after
its fiscal year ending on December 31, 1995, a ratio of total
operating expenses to total operating revenues not higher than
100%.
    (b)   Before March 31 in each of its fiscal years after that
ending on December 31, 1995, PC3 shall, on the basis of
forecasts prepared by PC3 and satisfactory to the Association,
review whether it would meet the requirements set forth in
paragraph (a) of this Section in respect of such year and the
next following fiscal year, and shall furnish to the
Association the results of such review upon its completion.
    (c)   If any such review shows that PC3 would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) of this Section for
PC3's fiscal years covered by such review, PC3 shall promptly
take all necessary measures (including, without limitation,
adjustments of the structure or levels of its tariffs) in order
to meet such requirements.
    Section 4.04. (a) Before December 31, 1995, PC3 shall
prepare an action plan, satisfactory to the Association, for
the reduction of its net accounts receivable.
    (b) PC3 shall take all measures necessary to ensure that on
and after December 31, 1996, accounts receivable (after
allowances for accounts receivable determined to be
uncollectible) shall not exceed four months of sales revenue.
    Section 4.05. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, each of PC2 and PC3 shall not incur any debt unless a
reasonable forecast of its revenues and expenditures shows that
its estimated net revenues for each fiscal year during the term
of the debt to be incurred shall be at least 1.5 times with
respect to PC2, and 1.3 times with respect to PC3, its
estimated debt service requirements in such year on all its
debt including the debt to be incurred.
    Section 4.06. For the purposes of Sections 4.02, 4.03, 4.04
and 4.05 of this Agreement:
          (a)   The term "funds from internal sources" means the
                difference between:
                (i)    the sum of revenues from all sources
                       related to operations, consumer deposits
                       and consumer contributions in aid of
                       construction, net non-operating income and
                       any reduction in working capital other than
                       cash; and
                (ii)   the sum of all expenses related to
                       operations, including administration,
                       adequate maintenance and taxes and payments
                       in lieu of taxes (excluding provision for
                       depreciation and other non-cash operating
                       charges), debt service requirements, all
                       cash dividends and other cash distributions
                       of surplus, increase in working capital
                       other than cash and other cash outflows
Page  6
                       other than capital expenditures.
          (b)   The term "net non-operating income" means the
                difference between:
                (i)    revenues from all sources other than those
                       related to operations; and
                (ii)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                       lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                       of revenues in (A) above.
          (c)   The term "working capital other than cash" means
                the difference between current assets excluding
                cash and current liabilities at the end of each
                fiscal year.
          (d)   The term "current assets excluding cash" means
                all assets other than cash which could in the
                ordinary course of business be converted into
                cash within twelve months, including accounts
                receivable, marketable securities, inventories
                and pre-paid expenses properly chargeable to
                operating expenses within the next fiscal year.
          (e)   The term "current liabilities" means all
                liabilities which will become due and payable or
                could under circumstances then existing be called
                for payment within twelve months, including
                accounts payable, customer advances, debt service
                requirements, taxes and payments in lieu of
                taxes, and dividends.
          (f)   The term "debt service requirements" means the
                aggregate amount of repayments (including sinking
                fund payments, if any) of, and interest and other
                charges on, debt.
          (g)   The term "capital expenditures" means all
                expenditures on account of fixed assets,
                including interest charged to construction,
                related to operations.
          (h)   The term "total operating expenses" means all
                expenses related to operations, including
                administration, adequate maintenance, taxes and
                payments in lieu of taxes, and provision for
                depreciation on a straight-line basis at a rate
                of not less than 5% per annum of the average
                current gross value of PC3's fixed assets in
                operation, or other basis acceptable to the
                Association, but excluding interest and other
                charges on debt.
          (i)   The term "total operating revenues" means
                revenues from all sources related to operations.
          (j)   The term "accounts receivable" means amounts due
                from all sources related to electricity sold in
                the normal course of business for which payment
                has not been received.
          (k)   The term "debt" means any indebtedness of PC2 or
                PC3, as the case may be, maturing by its terms
                more than one year after the date on which it is
                originally incurred.
          (l)   Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (i) under a
                loan contract or agreement or other instrument
                providing for such debt or for the modification
                of its terms of payment on the date of such
                contract, agreement or instrument; and (ii) under
Page  7
                a guarantee agreement, on the date the agreement
                providing for such guarantee has been entered
                into.
          (m)   The term "net revenues" means the difference
                between:
                (i)    the sum of revenues from all sources
                       related to operations and net non-operating
                       income; and
                (ii)   the sum of all expenses related to
                       operations including administration,
                       adequate maintenance, taxes and payments in
                       lieu of taxes, but excluding provision for
                       depreciation, other non-cash operating
                       charges and interest and other charges on
                       debt.
          (n)   The term "net non-operating income" means the
                difference between:
                (i)    revenues from all sources other than those
                       related to operations; and
                (ii)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                       lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                       of revenues in (i) above.
          (o)   The term "reasonable forecast" means a forecast
                prepared by each of  PC2 and PC3 not earlier than
                twelve months prior to the incurrence of the debt
                in question, which both the Association and PC2
                or PC3, as the case may be, accept as reasonable
                and as to which the Association has notified PC2
                or PC3, as the case  may be, of its
                acceptability, provided that no event has
                occurred since such notification which has, or
                may reasonably be expected in the future to have,
                a material adverse effect on the financial
                condition or future operating results of PC2 or
                PC3, as the case may be.
          (p)   Whenever for the purposes of this Article it
                shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                currency of the Borrower, debt payable in another
                currency, such valuation shall be made on the
                basis of the prevailing lawful rate of exchange
                at which such other currency is, at the time of
                such valuation, obtainable for the purposes of
                servicing such debt, or, in the absence of such
                rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange
                acceptable to the Association.
                                 ARTICLE V
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
    Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement
becomes effective.
    Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of PC2 and PC3 thereunder shall terminate on
the earlier of the following two dates:
          (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
                terms; or
Page  8
          (ii)  the date twenty (20) years after the date of this
                Agreement.
    (b) If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in
paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the Association shall
promptly notify PC2 and PC3 of this event.
    Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any
cancellation or suspension under the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE VI
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
    Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between
the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing.
Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given
or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail,
telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which it is
required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
    For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:                 Telex:
                INDEVAS                  248423 (RCA)
                Washington, D.C.          82987 (FTCC)
                                          64145 (WUI) or
                                         197688 (TRT)
          Power Company No. 2
          72, Hai Ba Trung
          Ho Chi Minh City
          Viet Nam
                                   Telex:            811220 VPC2VT
          Power Company No. 3
          16 Le Thanh Ton Street
          Da Nang City
          Viet Nam
                                   Telex:            515724 PCHVT
    Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under
this Agreement on behalf of each of PC2 and PC3 may be taken or
executed by the Director General of PC2 and the General
Director of PC3 or such other person or persons as each said
officer shall designate in writing, and each of PC2 and PC3
shall furnish to the Association sufficient evidence of the
authority and the authenticated specimen signature of each such
person.
    Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
Page  9
    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to
be signed in their respective names in Hanoi, Socialist
Republic of Viet Nam, as of the day and year first above
written.
                             INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                             By /s/ Russell Cheetham
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                                   East Asia and Pacific
                             POWER COMPANY NO. 2
                             By /s/ Pham Van Binh
                                                Authorized Representative
                             POWER COMPANY NO. 3
                             By /s/ Ta Canh
                                                Authorized Representative
                                SCHEDULE 1
                   Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I: Procurement of Goods
Part A: International Competitive Bidding
    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in             Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines), and in
accordance with the following additional procedures:
    (a) When contract award is delayed beyond the original bid
validity period, such period may be extended once, subject to
and in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 2.59 of the
Guidelines, by the minimum amount of time required to complete
the evaluation, obtain necessary approvals and clearances and
award the contract. The bid validity period may be extended a
second time only if the bidding documents or the request for
extension shall provide for appropriate adjustment of the bid
price to reflect changes in the cost of inputs for the contract
over the period of extension. Such an increase in the bid price
shall not be taken into account in the bid evaluation. With
respect to each contract made subject to the Association's
prior review in accordance with the provisions of Part D of
this Section, the Association's prior approval will be required
for (i) a first extension of the bid validity period if the
period of extension exceeds sixty (60) days and (ii) any
subsequent extension of the bid validity period.
    (b) In the procurement of goods in accordance with this Part
A, PC2 and PC3 shall each use the relevant standard bidding
documents issued by the Bank, with such modifications thereto
as the Association shall have agreed to be necessary for the
purposes of the Project. Where no relevant standard bidding
documents have been issued by the Bank, PC2 and PC3 shall each
use bidding documents based on other internationally recognized
standard forms agreed with the Association.
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
Page  10
    In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in
the Socialist Republic of Viet Nam may be granted a margin of
preference in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions
of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs 1
through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C: Other Procurement Procedures
    Special testing and measuring equipment estimated to cost
the equivalent of $200,000 or less per contract, up to an
aggregate amount equivalent of $1,200,000, may be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
acceptable to the Association through limited international
bidding procedures on the basis of evaluation and comparison of
bids obtained from at least three qualified suppliers eligible
under the Guidelines and in accordance with procedures set
forth in Sections I and II of the Guidelines (excluding
paragraphs 2.8, 2.9, 2.55, 2.56); provided, however, that such
goods estimated to cost the equivalent of $50,000 or less per
contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent of $400,000 may
be procured on the basis of comparison of price quotations
obtained from at least three suppliers from at least three
different countries eligible under the Guidelines, in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Association.
Part D:   Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
    1.    With respect to each contract for goods, the procedures
set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines
shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of a Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to
ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract required
to be furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph
2 (d) shall be furnished to the Association prior to the making
of the first payment out of said Special Account in respect of
such contract.
    2. The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II. Employment of Consultants
1.  In order to assist each of PC2 and PC3 in carrying out Parts
A and B of the Project, respectively, PC2 and PC3 shall each
employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms
and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Association. Such consultants shall be selected in accordance
with principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by
World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency"
published by the Bank in August 1981 (the Consultant
Guidelines). For complex, time-based assignments, PC2 and PC3
shall employ such consultants under contracts using the
standard form of contract for consultants' services issued by
the Bank, with such modifications as shall have been agreed by
the Association. Where no relevant standard contract documents
have been issued by the Bank, PC2 and PC3 shall each use other
standard forms agreed with the Association.
