Page  1
                                                     CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3705 HU
                        Guarantee Agreement
                 (Energy and Environment Project)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF HUNGARY
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                       Dated March 25, 1994
                                               L0AN NUMBER 3705 HU
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated March 25, 1994, between REPUBLIC OF HUNGARY
(the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Hungarian Power Companies Ltd.
(the Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasibility and
priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the
Project; and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to one hundred million
dollars ($100,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the Guarantor agree to
guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of such loan as
provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
Page  2
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth below (the General Conditions) constitute an
integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)   The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      (b)   In Section 6.02, sub-paragraph (k) is re-lettered as
sub-paragraph (l) and a new sub-paragraph (k) is added to read:
            "(k)  An extraordinary situation shall have arisen under
      which any further withdrawals under the Loan would be
      inconsistent with the provisions of Article III, Section 3 of
      the Bank's Articles of Agreement."
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions, in the Preamble to
this Agreement and in the Preamble to and Section 1.02 of the Loan
Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 of the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, without limitation or restriction upon
any of its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the
Guarantor hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and
not as surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal
of, and interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if
any, on the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of
all the other obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in the
Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the Guarantor
specifically undertakes, whenever there is reasonable cause to
believe that the funds available to the Borrower will be inadequate
to meet estimated expenditures required for the carrying out of the
Project, to make arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank, promptly to
provide the Borrower or cause the Borrower to be provided with such
funds as are needed to meet such expenditures.
                            ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) The Guarantor and the Bank shall, from time
to time, at the request of either party, exchange views regarding
the Guarantor's electricity pricing policies and their
implementation.
      (b)   The Guarantor agrees, as long as it exercises control
over the setting of prices of electrical companies, to enable the
Borrower to fulfill its obligations under the Loan Agreement,
including the compliance with the financial covenants, as stipulated
in Article V of the Loan Agreement, as well as financial and other
obligations specified in the Operational Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
            Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 4.01. The Deputy President or the General Manager of
the National Bank of Hungary is designated as representative of the
Guarantor for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the
Page  3
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            National Bank of Hungary
            Department for International
              Development Institutions
            H-1850, Budapest
            Szabadsag ter 8-9
            Republic of Hungary
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  BANKO                     227267 SMAFU-H
                  Budapest                  225755 BANKO-H or
                                            227028 BANKO-H
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        REPUBLIC OF HUNGARY
                        By /s/ Istvan Szucs
                                         Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                          RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                        By /s/ Kemal Dervis
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                           Europe and Central Asia
