Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2090 SE
                                                (Second Amendment)
               (Fourth Structural Adjustment Credit)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF SENEGAL
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        Dated June 27, 1991
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2090 SE
                                                (Second Amendment)
                     SECOND AGREEMENT AMENDING
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 27, 1991, between REPUBLIC OF SENEGAL
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower and the Association have entered into
a Development Credit Agreement (Fourth Structural Adjustment
Credit), dated February 9, 1990, (the Development Credit Agreement)
for the purpose of assisting in the financing of the program
referred to in Recital (A) of the Preamble to the Development Credit
Agreement (the Program);
      (B)   the Borrower and the Association have entered into an
agreement dated June 11, 1990 (First Amending Agreement) amending
the Development Credit Agreement for the purpose of providing the
Borrower with additional assistance in the financing of the Program;
      (C)   the Borrower has requested the Association to provide
Page  2
additional assistance towards the financing of the Program by
increasing the amount made available under the Development Credit
Agreement by an amount in various currencies equivalent to five
million one hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 5,100,000);
and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to provide such additional assistance to the
Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                   Amendments of the Development
                         Credit Agreement
      Section 1.01. Section 1.02 of the Development Credit Agreement
is amended by the replacement of Subsection (g) as follows:
            "(g) 'Second Amending Agreement' means the Second
      Agreement Amending the Development Credit Agreement (Fourth
      Structural Adjustment Credit) between the Borrower and the
      Association, dated June 27, 1991."
      Section 1.02. Section 2.01 of the Development Credit Agreement
is amended to read as follows:
            "Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
      Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
      in the Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various
      currencies equivalent to seventy one million Special Drawing
      Rights (SDR 71,000,000) (the Credit), which includes an
      original amount in various currencies equivalent to sixty two
      million four hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
      (SDR 62,400,000) (the Initial Financing), an additional amount
      in various currencies equivalent to three million five hundred
      thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 3,500,000) (the First
      Additional Financing) and an additional amount in various
      currencies equivalent to five million one hundred thousand
      Special Drawing Rights (SDR 5,100,000) (the Second Additional
      Financing)."
      Section 1.03. An additional proviso is added at the end of
Section 2.04 (b) of the Development Credit Agreement reading as
follows:
            "; and provided, however, that any commitment charge on
      the Second Additional Financing shall accrue from a date sixty
      days after the date of the Second Amending Agreement."
      Section 1.04. Paragraph 4 of Schedule 1 to the Development
Credit Agreement is amended by: (i) the deletion therefrom of the
amount "SDR 28,500,000" set forth in subparagraph (A) and the
substitution therefor of the amount "SDR 33,600,000"; and (ii) the
deletion therefrom of the amount "SDR 43,700,000" set forth in sub-
paragraph (B) and the substitution therefor of the amount "SDR
52,300,000".
      Section 1.05. The following paragraph is added at the end of
Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement:
            "6.  After a date twelve months from the date of this
      Second Amending Agreement, no withdrawals shall be made and no
      commitment shall be entered into to pay amounts to or on the
      order of the Borrower in respect of expenditures to be
      financed out of the proceeds of the Second Additional Financ-
      ing. At any time after such date, the Association may, by
      notice to the Borrower, cancel the unwithdrawn amount of the
      Second Additional Financing from the Credit Account or any
      part thereof."
Page  3
                            ARTICLE II
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 2.01. This Second Amending Agreement shall not become
effective until evidence satisfactory to the Association shall have
been furnished to the Association that the execution and delivery of
this Second Amending Agreement on behalf of the Borrower have been
duly authorized or ratified by all necessary governmental action.
      Section 2.02. As part of the evidence to be furnished pursuant
to Section 2.01 of this Second Amending Agreement, there shall be
furnished to the Association an opinion or opinions satisfactory to
the Association of counsel acceptable to the Association showing, on
behalf of the Borrower, that this Second Amending Agreement has been
duly authorized or ratified by, and executed and delivered on behalf
of, the Borrower and is legally binding upon the Borrower in
accordance with its terms.
      Section 2.03. This Second Amending Agreement shall come into
force and effect on the date upon which the Association dispatches
to the Borrower notice of its acceptance of the evidence required by
Section 2.01 of this Second Amending Agreement.
      Section 2.04. If this Second Amending Agreement shall not have
come into force and effect by a date ninety (90) days after the date
of this Second Amending Agreement, this Second Amending Agreement
and all obligations of the parties hereunder shall terminate, unless
the Association establishes a later date for the purposes of this
Section. If this Second Amending Agreement shall terminate under the
provisions of this Section, the Development Credit Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect, as if this Second Amending
Agreement had not been executed.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Amending Agreement
to be signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia,
United States of America, as of the day and year first above
written.
                  REPUBLIC OF SENEGAL
                  By /s/ Ibra D'gu'ne KA
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Callisto Madavo
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
