Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3485 RO
          (Private Farmer and Enterprise Support Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                   ROMANIAN BANK FOR DEVELOPMENT
                        Dated June 15, 1992
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3486 RO
                       DB PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 15, 1992, between INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and ROMANIAN BANK FOR
DEVELOPMENT (DB).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Romania (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank has agreed to
make available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies
equivalent to one hundred million dollars ($100,000,000), on the
terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on
condition that DB agree to undertake such obligations toward the
Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and DB, a portion of the proceeds of the loan
provided for under the Loan Agreement will be relent to DB on the
terms and conditions set forth in said subsidiary loan agreement;
and
      WHEREAS DB, in consideration of the Bank's entering into the
Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project;
                  Management and Operations of DB
      Section 2.01. (a) DB declares its commitment to the objectives
of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement,
and, to this end, shall carry out its activities under the Project
and conduct its operations and affairs in accordance with sound
financial standards and practices, with qualified management and
personnel, and in accordance with the DB Charter and the DB
Operational Guidelines.
      (b)   DB shall adopt and thereafter maintain a statement of
lending and investment policy and procedures, acceptable to the
Bank, designed to facilitate the efficient conduct of DB's opera-
tions and affairs, including the carrying out of its activities
under the Project.
      (c)   DB shall:
            (i)    adopt, by December 31, 1992, a plan of actions,
                   acceptable to the Bank, for the strengthening of
                   DB's organization and operations and thereafter
                   carry out said plan with due diligence and
                   efficiency and at all times take all necessary
                   action to achieve the objectives thereof;
            (ii)   prepare and furnish to the Bank, by September 30
                   of each year, reports, in form and substance
                   satisfactory to the Bank, on the progress
                   achieved in the carrying out of said plan and
                   the measures recommended to further such prog-
                   ress; and
            (iii)  by November 30 of each year, update said plan
                   and thereafter implement the measures required
                   to ensure the achievement of the objectives
                   thereof, taking into consideration the recommen-
                   dations of the reports referred to in subpara-
                   graph (ii) of this paragraph and the Bank's
                   comments thereon.
      Section 2.02. (a) DB undertakes that, unless the Bank shall
otherwise agree, Sub-loans shall be made in accordance with the
procedures and on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
in the Schedule to this Agreement.
      (b)   DB shall exercise its rights in relation to each Sub-
project in such manner as to: (i) protect the interests of the Bank
and of DB; (ii) comply with its obligations under this Agreement and
the DB Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and (iii) achieve the purposes of
the Project.
      Section 2.03. DB shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land acquisi-
tion, respectively) in respect of the DB Project Agreement.
      Section 2.04. DB shall duly perform all its obligations under
Page  3
the DB Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, DB shall not take or concur in any action which would have
the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the DB
Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) DB shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to progress of its
activities under the Project, the performance of its obligations
under this Agreement and under the DB Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and
other matters relating to the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   DB shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition which
interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of its
activities under the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of
Loan, or the performance by DB of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the DB Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) DB shall maintain procedures and records
adequate to monitor and record the progress of its activities under
the Project and of each Sub-project (including its cost and the
benefits to be derived from it) and to reflect in accordance with
consistently maintained sound accounting practices the operations
and financial condition of DB.
      (b)   DB shall:
            (i)    have its records, accounts and financial state-
                   ments (balance sheets, statements of income and
                   expenses and related statements) for each fiscal
                   year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                   auditing principles consistently applied, by
                   independent auditors acceptable to the Bank;
            (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year, (A) certified copies of its
                   financial statements for such year as so audit-
                   ed, and (B) the report of such audit by said
                   auditors of such scope and in such detail as the
                   Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records, accounts and financial
                   statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                   Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      Section 3.02. DB shall take such steps satisfactory to the
Bank as shall be necessary to protect itself against risk of loss
resulting from changes in the rates of exchange between the various
currencies used in its operations.
      Section 3.03. DB shall, in respect of repayments in dollars
and, separately, in respect of repayments in Lei, made to it under
its respective Sub-loans: (a) open, by the date on which it shall
receive the first repayment of principal under any such Sub-loan,
and, thereafter, maintain a separate account on its books; (b) upon
receipt of each such repayment, credit the same to the said separate
account; and (c) utilize all amounts so credited, to the extent they
are not yet required to meet its repayment obligations to the
Borrower under the DB Subsidiary Loan Agreement, exclusively to
finance specific development projects similar to the Sub-projects on
terms and conditions similar to those applicable to the Sub-loans.
                            ARTICLE IV
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
Page  4
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 4.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of DB thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the Loan
Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the Bank
shall promptly notify DB thereof.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                             ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      For DB:
            Romanian Bank for Development
            4, Doamnei Street
            70016, Bucharest
            Romania
                                           Telex:
                                             10138
       Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of DB, or by DB on behalf of the Borrower under
the Loan Agreement, may be taken or executed by the President of DB
or such other person or persons as said President shall designate in
writing, and DB shall furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of the
authority and the authenticated specimen signature of each such
person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all collec-
tively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
Page  5
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                     RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                   By /s/ Michael Wiehen
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                           Europe and Central Asia
                   ROMANIAN BANK FOR DEVELOPMENT
                   By /s/ Mircea Moisescu
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE
              Procedures for and Terms and Conditions
                           of Sub-loans
      The procedures, terms and conditions set forth or referred to
in this Schedule shall apply for the purposes of Section 2.02 (a) of
this Agreement.
1.    The principal amount of each Sub-loan made out of the proceeds
of the Loan shall be: (a) denominated in dollars or Lei, as may be
requested by the Beneficiary; and (b) the equivalent in the currency
of denomination (determined as of the date or respective dates of
withdrawal from the Loan Account or payment out of the Special
Account) of the value of the currency or currencies so withdrawn or
paid out on account of the cost of goods and services financed out
of the proceeds of the Loan for the Sub-project.
2.    Each Sub-loan shall be: (a) charged interest, on the principal
amount thereof withdrawn and outstanding from time to time, at a
rate equal to the rate of interest paid by DB under the DB Subsid-
iary Loan Agreement plus a margin, calculated by DB in accordance
with the DB Operational Guidelines; and (b) made for a period
determined pursuant to said Statement and not exceeding 12 years,
inclusive of a grace period not exceeding three years.
3.    No expenditures for goods or services required for a Sub-
project shall be eligible for financing out of the proceeds of the
Loan unless:
      (a)   the Sub-loan for such Sub-project shall have been
approved by the Bank and such expenditures shall have been made not
earlier than ninety days prior to the date on which the Bank shall
have received the application and information required under
paragraph 4 (a) of this Schedule in respect of such Sub-loan; or
      (b)   the Sub-loan for such Sub-project shall have been a
free-limit Sub-loan (as defined in Section 3.01 (a) of the Loan
Agreement) and shall have been approved by the Borrower and such
expenditures shall have been made not earlier than ninety days prior
to the date on which the Borrower shall have received the request
and information required under paragraph 4 (b) of this Schedule in
respect of such free-limit Sub-loan.
4.    (a)When presenting a Sub-loan to the Bank for approval, DB
shall furnish to the Bank an application, in form satisfactory to
the Bank, together with (i) a description of the Beneficiary and an
appraisal of the Sub-project, including a description of the
expenditures proposed to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Loan; (ii) the proposed terms and conditions of the Sub-loan,
including the schedule of amortization of the Sub-loan; and (iii)
such other information as the Bank shall reasonably request.
      (b)   When presenting a free-limit Sub-loan to the Borrower
Page  6
for approval, DB shall furnish to the Borrower a request, contain-
ing: (i) a summary description of the Sub-project, including a
description of the expenditures proposed to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan; and (ii) the terms and conditions of the
Sub-loan, including the schedule of amortization therefor.
      (c)   Applications and requests made pursuant to the provi-
sions of subparagraphs (a) and (b) of this paragraph shall be
presented to the Bank or the Borrower, as the case may be, on or
before June 30, 1995.
5.    Sub-loans shall be made on terms whereby DB shall obtain, by
written contract with the Beneficiary or by other appropriate legal
means, rights adequate to protect the interests of the Bank and DB,
including the right to:
      (a)   require the Beneficiary to carry out and operate the
Sub-project with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate technical, financial and managerial practices and in
accordance with environmental standards satisfactory to the Bank, to
maintain adequate records, and to provide, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities and other resources required for the purpose;
      (b)   require that: (i) the goods and services to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Loan to be procured in accordance with
the provisions of the Annex to this Schedule; and (ii) such goods
and services to be used exclusively in the carrying out of the Sub-
project;
      (c)   inspect, by itself or jointly with representatives of
the Bank if the Bank shall so request, such goods and the sites,
works, plants and construction included in the Sub-project, the
operation thereof, and any relevant records and documents;
      (d)   require that: (i) the Beneficiary shall take out and
maintain with responsible insurers such insurance, against such
risks and in such amounts, as shall be consistent with sound
business practice; and (ii) without any limitation upon the
foregoing, such insurance shall cover hazards incident to the
acquisition, transportation and delivery of goods financed out of
the proceeds of the Loan to the place of use or installation, any
indemnity thereunder to be made payable in a currency freely usable
by the Beneficiary to replace or repair such goods;
      (e)   obtain all such information as the Bank or DB shall
reasonably request relating to the foregoing and to the administra-
tion, operations and financial condition of the Beneficiary and to
the benefits to be derived from the Investment Project;
      (f)   suspend or terminate the right of the Beneficiary to the
use of the proceeds of the Loan upon failure by such Beneficiary to
perform its obligations under its contract with DB; and
      (g)   require each Beneficiary which is an enterprise
established and operating under the laws of the Borrower to: (i)
maintain the debt service coverage ratio and the ratio of current
assets to current liabilities specified in paragraph 6 (b) of this
Schedule; (ii) have its financial statements for each fiscal year
audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing principles
consistently applied, by independent auditors acceptable to DB;
(iii) furnish to DB, as soon as available, but in any case not later
than six months after the end of each such year certified copies of
its financial statements for such year as so audited, and the report
of such audit by said auditors, of such scope and in such detail as
DB shall have reasonably requested; and (iv) furnish to DB such
other information concerning the said financial statements, as well
as the audit thereof, as the Bank or DB shall from time to time
reasonably request.
6.    Sub-loans shall be made to Beneficiaries who each shall have
established, to the satisfaction of DB, on the basis of guidelines
acceptable to the Bank, that: (a) it is creditworthy, has the
Page  7
resources required for the efficient carrying out and operation of
the Sub-project, and is able to and has undertaken to contribute
from its own resources at least 15% of the estimated cost of the
Sub-project; and (b) in respect of each Beneficiary which is an
enterprise established and operating under the laws of the Borrower,
it is in a position to maintain a debt service coverage ratio of not
less than 1.3:1 and a ratio of current assets to current liabilities
of not less than 2:1.
7.    Sub-loans shall be made for Sub-projects: (a) to develop the
Beneficiaries productive facilities and fixed assets, other than
land and housing, and to cover their requirements for permanent
working capital; and (b) which are each determined and calculated by
DB, on the basis of guidelines satisfactory to the Bank, to (i) be
technically feasible and designed with appropriate environmental
standards developed on the basis of a suitable environmental impact
statement, and (ii) have a financial rate of return of at least 15%
and an economic rate of return of at least 15%.
                         ANNEX TO SCHEDULE
                            Procurement
      The procurement procedures set forth or referred to in this
Annex shall apply for the purposes of paragraph 4 (b) (i) of the
Schedule to this Agreement.
1.    Goods estimated to cost the equivalent of more than $1,000,000
per contract, shall be procured through limited international
bidding procedures on the basis of evaluation and comparison of bids
invited from a list of at least three qualified suppliers eligible
under the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA
Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines) and in
accordance with the procedures set forth in Sections I and II of the
Guidelines (excluding paragraphs 2.8, 2.9, 2.55 and 2.56 thereof).
2.    Goods estimated to cost the equivalent of $200,000 to
$1,000,000 per contract, shall be procured under contracts awarded
on the basis of comparison of price quotations obtained from a list
of at least three suppliers from at least two different countries
eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures
acceptable to the Bank.
3.    Goods estimated to cost the equivalent of $25,000 to less than
$200,000 or more per contract, shall be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of comparison of price quotations obtained from
a list of at least three suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Bank.
4.    Goods estimated to cost the equivalent of less than $25,000
per contract, shall be procured through direct negotiations with
suppliers, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the Bank.
5.    Services shall be procured, in accordance with the normal
commercial practices of the Beneficiaries, at a reasonable price,
account being taken also of other relevant factors such as the
quality of the services and the competence of the parties rendering
them.
