Page  1
                                    LOAN NUMBER 3069 YU
                  Guarantee Agreement
      (Istria Water Supply and Sewerage Project)
                        between
       SOCIALIST FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF YUGOSLAVIA
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                Dated February 1, 1990
                  GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated February 1, 1990 between SOCIALIST
FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF YUGOSLAVIA (the Guarantor) and
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank).
     WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Istarski Vodovod Buzet
(Istrian Water Works) and Radna Organizacija "Vodovod"
Pula (Pula Water Works) (the Borrowers), having been
satisfied as to the feasibility and priority of the
Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement,
have requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the
Project;
     (B)  by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Bank and the Borrowers, the Bank has agreed
to extend to the Borrowers a loan in various currencies
equivalent to twenty-eight million dollars ($28,000,000),
on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that the Guarantor agree
to guarantee the obligations of the Borrowers in respect
of such loan and to undertake such other obligations as
provided in this Agreement; and
     WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the
Bank's entering into the Loan Agreement with the
Borrowers, has agreed so to guarantee such obligations of
the Borrower and to undertake such other obligations;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01.  The "General Conditions Applicable to
Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January
1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of
this Agreement.
     Section 1.02.  Unless the context otherwise
requires, the several terms defined in the General
Conditions and in Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement have
the respective meanings therein set forth.
                      ARTICLE II
                       Guarantee
     Section 2.01.  The Guarantor declares its commitment
Page  2
to the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule
2 to the Loan Agreement, and, to this end, without
limitations or restriction upon any of its other
obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, hereby
unconditionally guarantees, as primary obliger and not as
surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the
principal of, and interest and other charges on, the
Loan, and the premium, if any, on the prepayment of the
Loan, all as set forth in the Loan Agreement.
                      ARTICLE II
                    Other Covenants
     Section 3.01.  The Guarantor shall not take, or
cause or permit to be taken, any action which would
prevent or interfere with the performance by the
Borrowers of their obligations contained in the Loan
Agreement and that, within the limits of its legal power,
it will take or cause to be taken all action necessary or
appropriate to enable the Borrowers to perform such
obligations.
                      ARTICLE IV
      Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
     Section 4.01.  The Federal Secretary of Finance of
the Guarantor is designated as representative and the
Guarantor for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the
General Conditions.
     Section 4.02.  The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Guarantor:
          Savezni Sekretarijat za Finansije
          Omladinskih Brigada 1
          11070 Belgrade
          Yugoslavia
          Cable address:                Telex:
               SAVEZNI SEKRETARIJAT             12804 STI
               ZA FINANSIJE
               Belgrade
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
               Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C.  20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:                Telex:
               INTBAFRAD                   440098 (ITT),
               Washington, D.C.            248423 (RCA)
                                            64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have cause
this Agreement to be signed in their respective names in
the District of Columbia, United States of America, as of
the day and year first above written.
                    SOCIALIST FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF YUGOSLAVIA
Page  3
                    By /s/  D. Mujezinovic
                              Authorized Representative
                    INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                       RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                    By /s/  E. Lari
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                   Europe, Middle East and North Africa
