Page  1
                                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                               CREDIT NUMBER 2458-0 HO
                        Development Credit Agreement
                 (Transport Sector Rehabilitation Project)
                                   between
                            REPUBLIC OF HONDURAS
                                     and
                    INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                            Dated April 28, 1993
                                                CREDIT NUMBER 2458-0 HO
                        DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 28, 1993, between REPUBLIC OF HONDURAS
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Association has received a letter dated December 23,
1992 from the Borrower describing a program of actions, objectives
and policies for the period 1993 through 1996 designed to reform the
transport sector in the Borrower's territory (the Program), and
declaring the Borrower's commitment to the implementation of the
Program; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the
General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Civil Aviation Plan" means the Borrower's plan of
action included as an annex to the Implementation Letter, designed
to implement reforms in its aviation subsector, as such plan may be
amended from time to time in terms acceptable to the Association;
      (b)   "Decree No. 01945-92" means the Decreto No. 01945-92 of
the Borrower dated September 16, 1992, published in the Official
Gazette (La Gaceta) on December 5, 1992, which established an
implementation committee (such committee hereinafter referred to as
IC) for the carrying out of a portion of Part A (v) of the Project;
      (c)   "Decree No. 41-92" means the Decreto No. 41-92 of the
Borrower dated August 11, 1992, published in the Official Gazette
(La Gaceta) on December 16, 1992, which established SSPF, amended
 by Decree No. 73-92 (Decreto No. 73-92) of the Borrower dated
December 21, 1992, published in the Official Gazette (La Gaceta) on
January 20, 1993;
      (d)   "DGAC" means the Directorate General of Civil Aviation
(Direccion General de Aeronautica Civil) of SECOPT;
      (e)   "DGCCA" means the Directorate General of Roads and
Airports Maintenance (Direccion General de Conservacion de
Carreteras y Aeropuertos) of SECOPT;
      (f)   "DGT" means the Directorate General of Transport
(Direccion General de Transporte) of SECOPT;
      (g)   "ENP" means the National Port Company (Empresa Nacional
Portuaria) of the Borrower, established as a public entity with
juridical personality pursuant to Decree No. 40 of the Borrower
dated October 14, 1965, published in the Official Gazette (La
Gaceta) on December 1, 1965, as amended to the date of this
Agreement;
      (h)   "ENP Contractual Arrangement" means the arrangement
entered into between the Borrower and ENP on December 21, 1992, as
the same may be amended from time to time in terms acceptable to the
Association;
      (i)   "FNH" means the Honduran National Railway (Ferrocarril
Nacional de Honduras) of the Borrower, established as a public
entity with juridical personality pursuant to Decree No. 48 of the
Borrower dated May 7, 1958, published in the Official Gazette (La
Gaceta) on May 8, 1958, as amended to the date of this Agreement;
      (j)   "FNH Contractual Arrangement" means the arrangement
entered into between the Borrower and FNH on December 21, 1992, as
the same may be amended from time to time in terms acceptable to the
Association;
      (k)   "FY" means the fiscal year of the Borrower which begins
on January 1 and ends of December 31 of each year;
      (l)   "Highways Plan" means the Borrower's plan of action
included as an annex to the Implementation Letter, designed to
implement reforms, other than environmental reforms, within the
highways subsector, as such plan may be amended from time to time
Page  3
in terms acceptable to the Association;
      (m)   "Implementation Letter" means the letter of even date
herewith from the Borrower to the Association containing reference
to the matters to be examined during the reviews referred to in
Section 3.10 of this Agreement, and including as annexes thereto,
the plans and the program referred to in Section 1.02 (a), (l), (n),
(p), (r) and (v) of this Agreement;
      (n)   "Institutional Development Plan" means the Borrower's
plan of action included as an annex to the Implementation Letter,
designed to: (i) strengthen SECOPT's institutional capabilities, as
referred to in Part C (a) of the Project; (ii) implement
environmental reforms within SECOPT; and (iii) revise the transport
subsector regulatory framework, as such plan may be amended from
time to time in terms acceptable to the Association;
      (o)   "Lempiras" means the currency of the Borrower;
      (p)   "Ports Plan" means the Borrower's plan of action
included as an annex to the Implementation Letter, designed to
implement reforms within the port subsector, as such plan may be
amended from time to time in terms acceptable to the Association;
      (q)   "Project Coordinating Unit" means SECOPT's Project
coordinating unit referred to in Section 3.08 of this Agreement;
      (r)   "Railways Plan" means the Borrower's plan of action
included as an annex to the Implementation Letter, designed to
implement reforms within the railways subsector, as such plan may
be amended from time to time in terms acceptable to the Association;
      (s)   "SECOPT" means the Secretariat of Communications, Public
Works and Transport (Secretaria de Estado en el Despacho de
Comunicaciones, Obras Publicas y Transporte) of the Borrower;
      (t)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (u)   "SSPF" means the Under Secretariat of Planning and
Finance (Sub-Secretaria de Planificacion y Finanzas) within SECOPT
governed by Decree No. 41-92, as amended by Decree No. 73-92;
      (v)   "TSIP" means the Borrower's transport sector investment
program included as an annex to the Implementation Letter, to be
financed in part with the proceeds of this Credit, as such program
may be amended from time to time in terms acceptable to the
Association; and
      (w)   "UMA" means the Environmental Unit (Unidad del Medio
Ambiente) of SECOPT.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to forty six million nine hundred thousand Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 46,900,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in its
Page  4
Central Bank (Banco Central de Honduras) on terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Association. Deposits into, and payments out of,
the Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions
of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31,1997 or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one per cent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on January 15 and July 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each January 15 and July 15
commencing July 15, 2003, and ending January 15, 2033. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on January 15,
2013 shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Page  5
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 2.09. The Secretario de Estado en el Despacho de
Hacienda y Credito Publico of the Borrower or such other person or
persons as such Secretario de Estado shall appoint in writing are
designated as representatives of the Borrower for the purpose of
taking any action required or permitted to be taken under the
provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Article V of the
General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end:
      (a)   shall carry out: (i) through SECOPT, Parts A (i), (ii),
(iii), a portion of Part A (v) (as reflected in the action plan
referred to therein), B and C of the Project; and (ii) through IC,
a portion of Part A (v) (as reflected in the action plan referred to
therein) of the Project, all with due diligence and efficiency and
in conformity with appropriate engineering, financial,
administrative, technical and environmental practices, and shall
provide, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and
other resources required for such Parts of the Project;
      (b)   shall cause ENP to carry out a portion of Part A (v) (as
reflected in the action plan referred to therein) of the Project
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
financial, administrative, technical and environmental practices,
and in accordance with the ENP Contractual Arrangement, and shall
take or cause to be taken all action, including the provision of
funds, facilities, services and other resources, necessary or
appropriate to enable ENP to carry out a portion of Part A (v) of
the Project, and shall not take or permit to be taken any action
which would prevent or interfere with the carrying out of a portion
of Part A (v) of the Project by ENP;
      (c)   shall cause FNH to carry out Part A (iv) of the Project
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, technical and environmental practices,
and in accordance with the FNH Contractual Arrangement and shall
take or cause to be taken all action, including the provision of
funds, facilities, services and other resources, necessary or
appropriate to enable FNH to carry out Part A (iv) of the Project,
and shall not take or permit to be taken any action which would
prevent or interfere with the carrying out of Part A (iv) of the
Project by FNH; and
      (d)   the Borrower shall exercise its rights and comply with
its obligations under the ENP and FNH Contractual Arrangements in
such manner as to protect the interests of the Borrower and the
Association, and to accomplish the purposes of the Credit, and,
except as the Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall
not amend or terminate the ENP or the FNH Contractual Arrangements
or any provision thereof.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. (a) The Borrower, through SECOPT, shall attain
by the end of each FY during the implementation of the Project,
Page  6
starting in 1993, the staff levels of DGCCA set forth in Part 2 (b)
of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (b)   The Borrower shall cause ENP to attain by the end of
each FY during the implementation of the Project, starting in 1993,
the staff levels set forth in Part 2 (c) of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement.
      (c)   The Borrower shall cause FNH not to have, by the end of
each FY during the implementation of the Project, starting in 1993,
operational deficits exceeding the respective amounts set forth in
Part 3 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.04. (a) Without limitation to the provisions of
Section 3.01 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall: (i) provide in
its annual budget and make available promptly as needed, in Lempiras
equivalent, as funds for the maintenance of the roads within the
Borrower's territory, each FY, until the completion of the Project,
the minimum amounts set forth in Part 1 of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement; and (ii) within thirty days after the date in which such
budget is approved each FY, furnish to the Association a copy of
such approved budget.
      (b)   In maintaining its road network, the Borrower shall
attain the percentages set forth in Part 2 (a) of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement.
      Section 3.05. Without limitation to the provisions of Sections
3.01 and 3.04 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall: (a) not later
than October 31, 1993 prepare and furnish to the Association, a
program for maintaining and operating the airports within its
territory, in terms acceptable to the Association; (b) provide in
its annual budget and make available promptly as needed to DGAC, in
Lempiras equivalent, as funds for the implementation of such
program, the amount indicated in said program for each FY, starting
in 1994, until an entity with juridical  personality and financial
autonomy has been established by the Borrower to carry out the
operations of the aviation subsector; and
      (c)   within thirty days after the date in which such budget
is approved each FY, furnish to the Association a copy of such
approved budget.
      Section 3.06. (a) Without limitation to the provisions of
Section 3.01 of this Agreement, the Borrower, through SECOPT, shall
carry out the TSIP in a manner and in terms acceptable to the
Association, subject to the following eligibility criteria for works
to be carried out: all works shall yield an economic rate of return
of at least 12% of the total cost of each work, such rate of return
to be calculated in accordance with a methodology acceptable to the
Association, except, that such rate of return shall not apply to the
construction of access roads under the TSIP which represent, in the
aggregate, 10% or less of the total cost of the construction of all
access roads under such program, provided, however, that such access
roads do not: (i) exceed 14 kilometers in length; and (ii) cost more
than $650 per capita of the benefitted population.
      (b)   The Borrower, through SECOPT, shall: (i) prior to the
initiation of any work under the TSIP, carry out environmental
impact assessments in terms acceptable to the Association; and (ii)
carry out only those works under the TSIP which have been determined
to be environmentally viable as a result of the assessments referred
to in (i) herein.
      Section 3.07. The Borrower, through SECOPT, shall not later
than: (a) July 31, 1993 hire the consultants required to assist it
in carrying out phase one of the plan referred to in Part C (a) of
the Project; (b) December 15, 1993 hire the consultants required to
assist in the completion of the execution of the plan referred to
in Part C (a) of the Project; (c) October 31, 1993 hire the
consultants required to assist it in carrying out Part C (b) of the
Project; and (d) October 31, 1993 hire the consultants required to
Page  7
assist the Borrower in the completion of the execution of Part C (c)
(ii) of the Project.
      Section 3.08. (a) Without limitation to the provisions of
Section 3.01 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall operate and
maintain in SECOPT, until the Closing Date, a unit, (the Project
Coordinating Unit) with functions and responsibilities satisfactory
to the Association, including, inter alia, the following: (i) the
coordination and supervision of the Project; and (ii) the
coordination and preparation of the reports referred to in Section
3.09 of this Agreement.
      (b)   The Borrower, through SECOPT, shall ensure that the
Project Coordinating Unit is at all times headed by a qualified
professional and assisted by professional staff, all in number and
qualifications satisfactory to the Association.
      Section 3.09. Without limitation to the provisions of Section
9.06 of the General Conditions, the Borrower, through SECOPT, shall
furnish to the Association by not later than May 31 and November 30
of each year, starting in November 1993 a report, of scope and
detail satisfactory to the Association, concerning the progress in
the implementation of the Project during the semester preceding the
date of presentation of such report.
      Section 3.10. (a) The Borrower, through SECOPT shall parti-
cipate in annual reviews of Project implementation to be held in
conjunction with the Association each month of June during Project
implementation, beginning in 1993. Such reviews shall inter alia,
focus on discussing the topics referred to in the Implementation
Letter with regard to annual reviews and on analyzing the progress
reports for the year in question referred to in Section 3.09 of this
Agreement. As part of each such review, the Association may require
that the Borrower, through SECOPT, prepare an action plan, satis-
factory to the Association, to make adjustments in Project imple-
mentation. The Borrower, through SECOPT, shall furnish such action
plan to the Association no later than one month after the conclusion
of the review in question and shall thereafter carry out, or cause
to be carried out, such action plan in accordance with its terms.
      (b)   The Borrower, through SECOPT, shall participate in a
Project implementation mid-term review to be held with the
Association as part of the annual review to be held in June 1995.
During such mid-term review, attention shall particularly focus,
inter alia, on the topics referred to in the Implementation Letter
with regard to the mid-term review.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and separate accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with consistently maintained sound accounting practices,
the operations, resources and expenditures in respect of the
Project.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section including those
                   for the Special Account for each fiscal year
                   audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                   principles consistently applied, by independent
                   auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)    furnish to the Association, as soon as
                   available, but in any case not later than five
                   months after the end of each such year the
                   report of such audit by said auditors, of such
                   scope and in such detail as the Association
                   shall have reasonably requested; and
Page  8
          (iii)    furnish to the Association such other
                   information concerning said records, accounts,
                   financial statements and the audits thereof as
                   the Association shall from time to time
                   reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                   accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                   records and accounts reflecting such
                   expenditures;
           (ii)    retain, until at least one year after the
                   Association has received the audit report for
                   the fiscal year in which the last withdrawal
                   from the Credit Account or payment out of the
                   Special Account was made, all records
                   (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts
                   and other documents) evidencing such
                   expenditures;
          (iii)    enable the Association's representatives to
                   examine such records; and
           (iv)    ensure that such records and accounts are
                   included in the annual audit referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                   together with the procedures and internal
                   controls involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                          Other Covenants
      Section 5.01. The Borrower shall cause ENP and FNH to carry
on its operations and conduct its affairs in accordance with sound
administrative, financial, managerial, and technical practices under
the supervision of qualified and experienced management assisted by
competent staff in adequate numbers, all acceptable to the
Association.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 6.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   Decree No. 01945-92 or any provision thereof shall have
been amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to
affect materially and adversely, in the opinion of the Association,
the ability of the Borrower to carry out Part A (v) of the Project.
      (b)   the Borrower has taken any action or adopted any policy
within its transport sector which is not consistent with the
objectives of the Project;
      (c)   Decree No. 41-92 or Decree 73-92 or any provision
thereof shall have been amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or
waived so as to affect materially and adversely, in the opinion of
the Association, the ability of the Borrower to carry out Part C (a)
of the Project;
      (d)   Decree No. 40 or any provision thereof shall have been
Page  9
amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect
materially and adversely, in the opinion of the Association, the
ability of ENP, to carry out its respective portion of Part A (v)
of the Project, as reflected in the action plan referred to therein;
      (e)   Decree No. 48 or any provision thereof shall have been
amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect
materially and adversely, in the opinion of the Association, the
ability of FNH, to carry out Part A (iv) of the Project;
      (f)   any of the parties to the ENP Contractual Arrangement
shall have failed to comply with any of its obligations thereunder;
      (g)   any of the parties to the FNH Contractual Arrangement
shall have failed to comply with any of its obligations thereunder;
and
      (h)   the Borrower or any authority having jurisdiction shall
have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment of
ENP, or for the suspension of its operations.
      Section 6.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any event specified in paragraphs (a) or (b) or (c) or
(d) or (e) or (f) or (g) of Section 6.01 of this Agreement shall
occur and shall continue for a period of thirty days after notice
thereof shall have been given by the Association to the Borrower;
and
      (b)   the event specified in paragraph (h) of Section 6.01 of
this Agreement shall occur.
                            ARTICLE VII
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 7.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   that UMA has: (i) started its operations within SSPF;
and (ii) employed competent and qualified staff in adequate numbers
to carry out its operations;
      (b)   that the consultants for assisting the Borrower in the
 carrying out of phase one of Part C (c)(ii) of the Project have
been employed;
      (c)   that the Project Coordinating Unit has been established
in accordance with Section 3.08 of this Agreement; and
      (d)   that the SSPF has started its operations within SECOPT.
      Section 7.02. The date July 27, 1993 is hereby specified for
the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.03. The obligations of the Borrower under
Sections III, IV and V of this Agreement shall cease and determine
on the date on which this Agreement shall terminate or on the date
twenty years after the date of this Agreement, whichever shall be
the earlier.
                           ARTICLE VIII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 8.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 of this
Agreement, the Secretario de Estado en el Despacho de
Comunicaciones, Obras Publicas y Transportes of the Borrower is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
Page  10
      Section 8.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Barrio La Bolsa
            Tegucigalpa
            Honduras
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   HACIENDA                  1308
                   Tegucigalpa               HACIENDA HO
                   Honduras
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         REPUBLIC OF HONDURAS
                         By /s/ Rene Arturo Bendana
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                         By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1)   Works                   25,190,000        80%
(2)   Goods under                690,000        100% of foreign
      Parts B.2                                 expenditures and
Page  11
      and C (b) of                              80% of local
      the Project                               expenditures
(3)   Consultants'             5,550,000        100%
      Services and
      Training
(4)   Periodic main-           7,510,000        80% until an
      tenance under                             aggregate amount
      Part B.1 (d)                              equivalent to
      of the Project                            SDR 3,500,000 has
                                                been disbursed
                                                from the Credit
                                                Account; 60% until
                                                an aggregate
                                                amount equivalent
                                                to SDR 6,100,000
                                                has been disbursed
                                                from the Credit
                                                Account; and 45%
                                                thereafter
(5)   Unallocated              7,960,000
                               _________
           TOTAL              46,900,000
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower; and
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of: (a) payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement, except that
withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not to exceed SDR 1,230,000, may
be made in respect of Categories (1) and (4) on account of payments
made for expenditures before that date but after July 31, 1992; and
(b) payments for expenditures under Part B.2 of the Project, unless
the Borrower shall have employed the consultants to assist it in
carrying out Part C (c)(i) of the Project.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to help the Borrower in: (a)
developing the institutional and regulatory framework of its
transport sector by: (i) encouraging a greater participation of the
private sector in providing transport services; (ii) ensuring that
investment and pricing policies are based on efficiency and equity
considerations; (iii) strengthening SECOPT's capability to carry out
planning and regulatory functions, including its capability to: (A)
assess the environmental impact of the activities carried out by
public and private entities and individuals within the sector; and
(B) monitor the implementation of the recommendations of such
assessments; (iv) restructuring the port subsector and redefining
the role of ENP; (v) designing and implementing a strategy to
develop the airport subsector; and (vi) rationalizing the railway
operations in the railways subsector; and (b) improving and
rehabilitating the transport infrastructure to foster export growth.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Page  12
Part A:     Sector Policy Development
      Implementation of the Program by means of the carrying out of
the activities included in the following action plans: (i)
Institutional Development Plan; (ii) Highways Plan; (iii) Civil
Aviation Plan; (iv) Railways Plan; and (v) Ports Plan.
Part B:     Civil Works
1.    Carry out the following activities within the TSIP:
      (a)   Rehabilitation of about 150 kilometers of roads in the
Borrower's primary road network.
      (b)   Rehabilitation of about 1,000 kilometers of feeder roads
in the Borrower's secondary and tertiary road network.
      (c)   Rehabilitation of about 1,000 meters of bridges in the
Borrower's primary road network.
      (d)   Periodic maintenance of about 1,800 kilometers of roads
in the Borrower's road network.
2.    Rehabilitation of about 2,700 meters of the runway of the San
Pedro Sula Airport, including its taxiway and apron, and the
acquisition of equipment therefor.
Part C:     Institutional Development and Technical Assistance
      Provision of technical assistance to SECOPT in: (a) carrying
out Part A (i) of the Project (including the training of staff
required therefor) through: (i) the strengthening of SSPF to prepare
plans, programs and annual budgets, including the design of policies
to protect the environment in connection with the carrying out of
its operations; (ii) the improvement of DGT's capacity to analyze
pricing and regulatory policies in land transport; and (iii) the
development of a suitable data base for DGT concerning land
transport; (b) designing and implementing a bridge management system
in order to assist it in the planning, design, construction,
maintenance, rehabilitation and replacement of bridges in the
Borrower's territory, (including the acquisition of equipment
required therefor); and (c) carrying out: (i) Part A (iii); and (ii)
a portion of Part A (v) of the Project.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1997.
                             SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines), subject to the
addition of the following text at the end of paragraph 2.13 of the
Guidelines: "Bidding documents for fixed-price contracts should
provide that, when the contract award is delayed beyond the original
bid validity period, the bid price will be increased by two standard
correction factors acceptable to the Association, one to be applied
to all foreign currency components and the other to the local
currency component of the bid price. Such correction factor should
not be taken into account in bid evaluation.".
2.    Bidders for works estimated to cost more than the equivalent
of $5,000,000 per contract shall be prequalified as provided in
Page  13
paragraph 2.10 of the Guidelines.
3.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods and works shall
be grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of
$250,000 or more and $1,000,000 or more respectively.
Part B:     Preference for Regional Manufacturers and Domestic
            Contractors
1.    In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, a margin of preference may be granted
to bids offering goods described in the accompanying specifications
which are manufactured to a substantial extent in any country,
including Honduras, which is a party to the Mercado Comun
Centroamericano, the common market created by the General Treaty of
Central American Economic Integration signed at Managua, Nicaragua
on December 13, 1960 by Guatemala, El  Salvador, Honduras, Nicaragua
and Costa Rica (hereinafter called the CACM), in accordance with,
and subject to, the following provisions:
A.    For the purpose of Part B.1 of this Schedule, the following
definitions shall apply:
      (a)   (i)   the term "Qualified CACM Bid" means a bid
                  submitted by a manufacturer established in the
                  territories of member countries, including
                  Honduras, of the CACM, for goods manufactured or
                  processed in such territories and for which the
                  bidder shall have established to the satisfaction
                  of the entity or agency inviting bids that the
                  manufacturing or processing cost of such goods
                  include a value added in such territories equal
                  to at least 20% of the ex-factory bid price of
                  such goods;
           (ii)   the term "Non-Qualified CACM Bid" means a bid
                  submitted by a manufacturer established in the
                  territories of member countries, including
                  Honduras, of the CACM, for goods manufactured or
                  processed in such territories, other than any
                  such bid classified as a Qualified CACM Bid; and
          (iii)   the term "Foreign Bid" means any bid which is
                  neither a Qualified CACM Bid nor a Non-Qualified
                  CACM Bid.
B.    All bidding documents for the procurement of goods shall
clearly indicate any preference which would be granted and shall set
forth the information required to establish the eligibility of a bid
for such preference.
C.    Bidders are required to state in their bid the c.i.f. (port
of entry) price of imported goods and the ex-factory price of
locally manufactured goods.
D.    Except to the extent hereinafter provided, bids will be
compared on the basis of their ex-factory or c.i.f. (port of entry)
price adjusted in accordance with paragraphs 2.49 through 2.54 of
the Guidelines.
E.    After evaluation, responsive bids will be classified in one
of the following groups: Qualified CACM Bids, Non-Qualified CACM
Bids or Foreign Bids.
F.    All bids in each group will be first compared among
themselves, to determine the lowest evaluated bid in each such
group. The lowest evaluated bids of each group will then be compared
with each other and if, as a result of this comparison, an evaluated
Qualified CACM Bid or Non-Qualified CACM Bid is the lowest it will
be selected for purpose of award.
G.    If the lowest bid in the comparison under paragraph F above
Page  14
is a Foreign Bid, all Foreign Bids will be further compared with the
lowest evaluated Qualified CACM Bid as determined under paragraph F
above. For the purpose of this comparison only, each Foreign Bid
will be compared on the basis of the sum of its c.i.f. (port of
entry) price adjusted in accordance with the provisions of paragraph
D above, plus an amount equal to the smaller of: (i) between the
amount of customs duties and other import taxes which a non-exempt
importer would have to pay for the importation of goods offered in
such Foreign Bid and that applicable to a Qualified CACM Bid; or
(ii) 15% of the c.i.f. bid price of such goods. If the Qualified
CACM Bid is the lowest evaluated bid in such comparison, it shall be
selected for the purpose of award; otherwise, the lowest evaluated
Foreign Bid as determined under paragraph F above shall be so
selected.
2.    In the procurement of works in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, the Borrower may grant a margin of
preference to domestic contractors in accordance with, and subject
to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraph 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Goods to cost more than the equivalent of $25,000 but less
than $250,000 per contract may be procured under contracts awarded
on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.    Works estimated to cost less than the equivalent of $1,000,000
per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $24,600,000,
may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of competitive
bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Association.
3.    Goods estimated to cost the equivalent of $25,000 or less per
contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $120,000, may be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations obtained from at least three suppliers eligible under the
Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the
Association.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of prequalification:
      With respect to the prequalification of bidders as provided
in Part A.2 hereof, the procedures set forth in paragraph 1 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
2.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to: (i) each contract to be awarded
pursuant to the provisions of Part A.1 of this Section; and (ii) the
first contract to be awarded pursuant to the provisions of Parts C.1
and C.2 of this Section, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2
and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments
for such contracts are to be made out of the Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies
of each contract required to be furnished to the Association
pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the
Association prior to the making of the first payment out of the
Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
Page  15
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
3.    The figure of 10% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Part E:     Standard Bidding Documents
      All procurement of goods and works to which international or
local competitive bidding applies shall be carried out using
standard bidding documents acceptable to the Association.
Section II. Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out: (i) the
supervision of the works under Part B of the Project; and (ii) Part
C of the Project, the Borrower shall employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of employment
shall be satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be
selected in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory
to the Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981 (the
Consultants Guidelines).
Section III. Special Provisions
A.    In addition and without limitation to any other provisions set
forth in this Schedule or the Guidelines, the following principles
of procurement shall expressly govern all procurement of goods and
works referred to in Parts C.1 and C.2 of Section I of this
Schedule:
1.    Contracts shall be awarded to the lowest evaluated bid in
accordance with criteria set forth in the bidding documents, and
without taking into account, in the evaluation, the financial cost
of foreign exchange components.
2.    Foreign bidders shall not, as a condition for submitting bids,
be required to: (i) be registered in Honduras; (ii) have a
representative in Honduras; (iii) be associated with Honduran
suppliers or contractors; and (iv) certify that, in their country
of origin, Honduran suppliers or contractors are allowed to
participate in competitive bidding procedures under equal conditions
with other bidders.
3.    Contracts shall not be divided for the sole purpose of
reducing contract amounts.
B.    In addition and without limitation to any other provisions set
forth in this Schedule or the Consultants Guidelines, the following
principles of procurement shall expressly govern all procurement of
consultants' services referred to in Section II of this Schedule:
1.    Foreign consultants shall be permitted to participate in the
selection process even if there is availability of Honduran
consultants for the services being procured.
2.    Foreign consultants shall not be required to be registered
with Honduran associations or to be associated with Honduran
consulting firms as a condition for participating in any selection
process.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                                              Year
______________________________________________________________
                                     1993   1994   1995   1996
Page  16
1. Expenditures in Road
   Maintenance (US millions)
     -   Periodic                    19.5   25.7   27.2   29.0
     -   Routine                     15.5   14.3   14.8   16.0
2. Performance Targets
(a)  Percentage of the
     network maintained
     -   Paved
         Routine                      100    100    100    100
         Periodic                      70     80     90    100
     -   Gravel
         Routine                       20     50     70    100
         Periodic                      10     30     45     60
     -   Unpaved
         Routine                       10     25     35     50
         Periodic                      10     25     35     50
(b)  DGCCA's staff                  2,200  1,700  1,700  1,700
     (numbers)
(c)  ENP's staff                    1,028    900    800    800
     (numbers)
3.   FNH's Operational               0.75   0.50   0.25      0
     Deficit
     (US millions)
                            SCHEDULE 5
                          Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a) the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1) through
(4) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement;
     (b) the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
     (c) the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount equivalent
to $4,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and deposited
in the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.   Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.   After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
     (a) For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the Borrower
shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for a deposit
or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the
Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests, the
Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association
Page  17
                  requests for deposits into the Special Account at
                  such intervals as the Association shall specify.
            (ii)  Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                  by said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall
be made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund
Page  18
to the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
