                                                                             78962
          Haiti: Economic Reconstruction and Growth Development Policy Grant

                                SUMMARY OF DISCUSSION∗

                               Meeting of the Executive Directors

                                           June 18, 2013

       Executive Directors approved an Economic Reconstruction and Growth Development
Policy Grant to the Republic of Haiti in the amount of SDR13.3 million (US$20 million
equivalent) on the grant terms and conditions set out in the President’s Memorandum
(IDA/R2013-0143).

        Executive Directors expressed support for the Haiti Economic Reconstruction and
Growth DPG and its objective to support the Government of Haiti in improving economic
governance, accountability and transparency and efficient public resource use. Directors
endorsed the operation’s focus on strengthening public financial management, public
procurement, and electricity sector performance. They welcomed the operation’s alignment with
the Government’s recovery and economic programs and with the World Bank Group Interim
Strategy for FY13-14 and its cross-cutting theme of strengthening governance. Directors noted
that the proposed grant builds on previous operations and draws on the Energy Sector White
Paper developed jointly with Government and donors.

       Executive Directors underlined the importance of the improvements in economic
governance supported by this grant in enhancing Haiti’s capacity to transition from
reconstruction and recovery to longer-term development, poverty reduction, and economic
growth. Directors noted Haiti’s considerable energy challenges and urged the expansion of
services to under-served populations. They also urged the Bank to use its convening power to
help the country secure much-needed aid flows. Directors recognized the risks of Haiti’s weak
governance and institutional capacity but expressed satisfaction with the risk mitigation
framework proposed and expressed their strong support for substantial World Bank Group
involvement in continued support to Haiti’s reconstruction and development.




∗
 This summary is not an approved record.
