Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2158 IN
               (Second Tamil Nadu Nutrition Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
                      THE STATE OF TAMIL NADU
                     Dated September 14, 1990
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2158 IN
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated September 14, 1990, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION, and THE STATE OF TAMIL NADU.
      WHEREAS  by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between India and the Association, the Association has
agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to seventy three million five hundred thousand
Special Drawing Rights (SDR 73,500,000), on the terms and conditions
set forth in the Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition
that the Project State agrees to undertake such obligations toward
the Association as are set forth in this Agreement;
      WHEREAS the Project State, in consideration of the
Association's entering into the Development Credit Agreement with
the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in
this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, and in
the General Conditions (as so defined in the Development Credit
Agreement) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) The Project State declares its commitment to
the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the
Project with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial, maternal and child health
practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as
needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Association and the Project State
shall otherwise agree, the Project State shall carry out the Project
in accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and services required for the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall
be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Project State shall carry out the obliga-
tions set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of
the General Conditions applicable to the Development Credit
Agreement (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Project State shall, at the request of
the Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to
the progress of the Project, the performance of its obligations
under this Agreement, and other matters relating to the purposes of
the Credit.
      (b)   The Project State shall promptly inform the Association
of any condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Credit, or the performance by the Project State of its obligations
under this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) The Project State shall maintain records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices the operations, resources and expenditures of the
departments or agencies of the Project State responsible for
carrying out the Project or any part thereof.
      (b)   The Project State shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the Associa-
                  tion;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
Page  3
                  but in any case not later than nine months after
                  the end of each such year, a certified copy of
                  the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning such records, accounts and the audit
                  thereof, as the Association shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.
                            ARTICLE IV
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 4.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of the Project State thereunder shall terminate on
the earlier of the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                  Agreement shall have terminated in accordance
                  with its terms; or
           (ii)   the date twenty (20) years after the date of this
                  Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify the
Project State of this event.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions applicable to the
Development Credit Agreement.
                             ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      For the State of Tamil Nadu:
Page  4
            Chief Secretary to the Government
              of Tamil Nadu
            Fort St. George
            Madras 600009
            India
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  CHIEFSEC                  41-7400 GOTN
                  Fort St. George
                  Madras 600009
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of the Project State may be taken or executed by
its Chief Secretary or such other person or persons as the Project
State shall designate in writing, and the Project State shall
furnish to the Association sufficient evidence of the authority and
the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Attila Karaosmanoglu
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                              Asia
                  THE STATE OF TAMIL NADU
                  By /s/ Anil Kumar
                                        Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:   Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
      Except as provided in Part C hereof, drugs and medicines shall
be procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines: Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published
by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in India may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 and 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Except as provided in paragraph 2 hereof, contracts for civil
works shall be awarded on the basis of competitive bidding,
advertised locally, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to
the Association.
Page  5
2.    Civil works, estimated to cost less than $6,000 equivalent
each, up to an aggregate amount not exceeding $3,000,000 equivalent,
may be carried out through force account.
3.    Except as provided in paragraph 5 hereof, furniture and
equipment shall be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Association.
4.    Except as provided in paragraphs 5 and 6 hereof, therapeutic
nutrition supplements, shall be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance
with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
5.    Furniture, equipment, drugs and medicines, vehicles, and
therapeutic nutrition supplements, off the shelf items or groups of
items estimated to cost less than the equivalent of $50,000 per
contract, up to an aggregate amount not exceeding $4,200,000,
$2,000,000, $3,000,000, $4,940,000, and $5,000,000 equivalent
respectively, may be procured under quotations solicited from a list
of at least three suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
6.    Therapeutic nutrition supplements, up to an aggregate amount
of $5,000,000 equivalent, may be procured under contracts negotiated
directly with one or more suppliers thereof in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Association.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for drugs and medicines,
therapeutic nutrition supplements, civil works, equipment,
furniture, and vehicles estimated to cost the equivalent of $200,000
or more, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix
1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract
are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract
required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Association prior to the
making of the first payment out of the Special Account in respect of
such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to the Development Credit
Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Association has
authorized withdrawals from the Credit Account on the basis of
statements of expenditure. Such contracts shall be retained in
accordance with Section 4.01 (a) (ii) of the Development Credit
Agreement.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of para-
graph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Project State in carrying out the
Project, the Project State may employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of employment
shall be satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be
Page  6
selected in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory
to the Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                      Implementation Program
1.    The Project State shall by January 1, 1991, (a) adopt and
apply beneficiary selection criteria and methodology, mutually
agreed to by the Association and the Project State, for provision of
therapeutic supplements to children under thirty six months of age,
and pregnant and lactating women in the Project Area, and (b)
thereafter make provision in the Project Area and maintain the
provision of therapeutic nutrition supplements which have a
composition satisfactory to the Association.
2.    The Project State shall, by January 1, 1991, introduce and
thereafter maintain arrangements agreed to by the Association and
the Project State for coordination between the health and nutrition
services in the Project Area.
3.    The Project State shall by, September 30, 1991, undertake and
complete operations research on the efficacy of different approaches
to strengthening obstetrical and child nutritional risk management
at referral facilities in the Project Area. The said operations
research shall be conducted in accordance with the terms of
reference and criteria agreed to by the Association and the Project
State.
4.    The Project State shall (a) prior to undertaking innovative
studies, operational research, and activities, furnish terms of
reference, work plans and proposed budgets in respect thereof
satisfactory to the Association, and (b) discuss the results of the
innovative studies, operations research and activities with the
Association.
5.    The Project State shall furnish to the Association for review
and discussion: (a) quarterly and annual progress reports within
three months of the relevant implementation period, and (b) a
prospective annual work plan by January 31 of each year for the
Borrower's following financial year, in formats satisfactory to the
Association.
6.    The Project State shall, in consultation with the Borrower and
the Association and in accordance with terms of reference and
methodology satisfactory to the Association, undertake and complete
(a) collection of baseline survey data for each health unit district
in the Project Area prior to the commencement of activities in that
health unit district under Parts A and B of the Project, (b) by
December 31, 1993, a mid-term review and evaluation of the Project,
and (c) by September 30, 1997, a final review and evaluation of the
Project.
