Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2133 IN
                                   LOAN NUMBER  3199 IN
             (Seventh Population Project)
                         among
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                               and
                    STATE OF BIHAR
                   STATE OF GUJARAT
                   STATE OF HARYANA
              STATE OF JAMMU and KASHMIR
                    STATE OF PUNJAB
                Dated October 23, 1990
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2133 IN
                                   LOAN NUMBER  3199 IN
                   PROJECT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated October 23, 1990, among
INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION, INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT and STATE OF BIHAR,
STATE OF GUJARAT, STATE OF HARYANA, STATE OF JAMMU and
KASHMIR and STATE OF PUNJAB.
     WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of
even date herewith between India and the Association, the
Association has agreed to make available to the Borrower
an amount in various currencies equivalent to sixty seven
million one hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 67,100,000), on the terms and conditions set forth
in the Development Credit Agreement, but only on
condition that the Project States agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Association as are set forth in
this Agreement;
Page  2
     (B)  by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Borrower and the Bank, the Bank has agreed to
make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to ten million dollars
($10,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in
the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the
Project States agree to undertake such obligations toward
the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
     WHEREAS the Project States, in consideration of the
Association's entering into the Development Credit
Agreement with the Borrower, and the Bank's entering into
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, have agreed to
undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
                      Definitions
     Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the Development Credit
Agreement, the Loan Agreement, and in the General
Conditions (as so defined in the Development Credit
Agreement and the Loan Agreement, respectively) have the
respective meanings therein set forth.
                      ARTICLE II
               Execution of the Project
     Section 2.01. (a) The Project States declare their
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit Agreement, and,
to this end, shall carry out Part B (3) of the Project
severally and Parts A, C, D and E of the Project jointly
with the Borrower with due diligence and efficiency and
in conformity with appropriate administrative, financial,
health and family welfare practices, and shall provide,
or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for the
Project.
     (b)  Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section and except as the
Association, the Bank and the Project States shall
otherwise agree, the Project States shall carry out Part
B (3) of the Project severally and Parts A, C, D, and E
of the Project jointly with the Borrower in accordance
with the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 2
to this Agreement.
     Section 2.02. Except as the Association and the Bank
shall otherwise agree, procurement of the goods, works
and services required for the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit and the Loan shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement.
     Section 2.03. Each of the Project States shall carry
out, severally and jointly, the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the
General Conditions applicable to the Development Credit
Agreement and in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08
and 9.09 of the General Conditions applicable to the Loan
Agreement (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in
respect of the Project Agreement, and Part B (3) and
Page  3
Parts A, C, D, and E of the Project respectively.
     Section 2.04. (a) Each of the Project States shall,
at the request of the Association and the Bank, exchange
views with the Association and the Bank with regard to
the progress of the Project, the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement, and other matters
relating to the purposes of the Credit and the Loan.
     (b)  Each of the Project States shall promptly
inform the Association and the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the
purposes of the Credit or the Loan, or the performance by
each of the Project States of its respective obligations
under this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 3.01. (a) The Project States shall maintain
records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices their operations and
financial condition in respect of activities related to
their respective parts of the Project.
     (b)  Each Project State shall:
          (i)  have its records, accounts and financial
               statements (balance sheets, statements of
               income and expenses and related
               statements) for each fiscal year audited,
               in accordance with appropriate auditing
               principles consistently applied, by
               independent auditors acceptable to the
               Association and the Bank;
          (ii) furnish to the Association and the Bank
               as soon as available, but in any case not
               later than nine months after the end of
               each such year, (A) certified copies of
               its financial statements for such year as
               so audited and (B) the report of such
               audit by said auditors, of such scope and
               in such detail as the Association and the
               Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)     furnish to the Association and the
                    Bank such other information
                    concerning said records, accounts
                    and financial statements as well as
                    the audit thereof, as the
                    Association and the Bank shall from
                    time to time reasonably request.
                      ARTICLE IV
             Effective Date; Termination;
              Cancellation and Suspension
     Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which both the Development
Credit Agreement and the Loan Agreement become effective.
     Section 4.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations
of the Association, the Bank and of the Project States
thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of the
following two dates:
          (i)  the date on which both the Development
               Credit Agreement and the Loan Agreement
Page  4
               shall have terminated in accordance with
               their respective terms; or
          (ii) the date twenty (20) years after the date
               of this Agreement.
     (b)  If the Development Credit Agreement or the Loan
Agreement or both of the said Agreements terminate in
accordance with their respective terms before the date
specified in paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the
Association or the Bank or both shall promptly notify the
Project States of this event.
     Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions applicable to the Development Credit Agreement
or the Loan Agreement.
                       ARTICLE V
               Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS               197688 (TRT)
               Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA)
                                      64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for Reconstruction
            and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INTBAFRAD             197688 (TRT),
               Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                      64145 (WUI) or
                                      82987 (FTCC)
     For State of Bihar:
          Chief Secretary to the Government of Bihar
          Main Secretariat
          Patna - 800001, Bihar
                                   Telex:
Page  5
                                     22-291 BHR GTPT
     For State of Gujarat:
          Chief Secretary to the Government of Gujarat
          Gujarat Administration Department
          Sachivalaya
          Gandhinagar
          Gujarat 382020
                                   Telex:
                                     120-3215 CSGJ
     For State of Haryana:
          Chief Secretary to the Government of Haryana
          Chandigarh
          Haryana
          Cable address:           Telex:
               HARCHIEFSEC                395-374 HYCS
               Chandigarh
     For State of Jammu and Kashmir:
          Chief Secretary to the Government of
               Jammu and Kashmir
          New Secretariat
          Srinagar
          Cable address:           Telex:
               CHIEFSEC              375-229 CSTK
               Srinagar
     For State of Punjab:
          Chief Secretary to the Government of Punjab
          Civil Secretariat
          Chandigarh
                                   Telex:
                                     395-208 CSPB
     Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of each of the
Project States may be taken or executed by its Chief
Secretary or such other person or persons as the
concerned Project State shall designate in writing, and
each of the Project States shall furnish to the
Association and the Bank sufficient evidence of the
authority and the authenticated specimen signature of
each such person.
     Section 5.03. As long as the Bank has not given
notice to the contrary to the Project States and so long
as the Development Credit Agreement shall not have
terminated prior to the termination of the Loan
Agreement:
     (a)  the obligations of the Project States to
consult with, and to furnish information, documents,
plans, reports, records and statements to, the Bank shall
be satisfied to the extent performance in respect of such
obligations is rendered to the Association;
     (b)  the obligations of the Bank to consult with,
Page  6
and to furnish information to, the Project States shall
be satisfied to the extent such obligations are fulfilled
by the Association; and
     (c)  all actions taken (including the giving of
approvals or granting of waivers) by the Association
pursuant to the Development Credit Agreement shall be
deemed to be taken pursuant to both the Development
Credit Agreement and the Loan Agreement, and in the name
and on behalf of both the Association and the Bank.
     Section 5.04. This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                 AND DEVELOPMENT
               By /s/ A. Karaosmanoglu
                                Regional Vice President
                                                    Asia
               STATE OF BIHAR
               STATE OF GUJARAT
               STATE OF HARYANA
               STATE OF JAMMU and KASHMIR
               STATE OF PUNJAB
               By /s/ A. Hussain
                              Authorized Representative
                      SCHEDULE 1
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:   Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
     Except as provided in Part C hereof, equipment shall
be procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I
and II of the "Guidelines -- Procurement under IBRD Loans
and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985 (the
Guidelines).
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured
in India may be granted a margin of preference in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
Page  7
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs
1 through 6 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Except as provided in Paragraph 2 hereof, contracts
for civil works shall be awarded on the basis of
competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance
with procedures satisfactory to the Association and the
Bank.
2.   Civil works, estimated to cost less than $30,000
equivalent each, up to an aggregate amount not exceeding
$13,000,000 equiva-lent, may be carried out by force
account.
3.   Except as provided in Paragraph 6 hereof, equipment
estimated to cost less than the equivalent of $200,000
per contract, up to an aggregate amount not exceeding
$4,000,000 equivalent, shall be pro-cured under contracts
awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised
locally, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to
the Association and the Bank.
4.   Except as provided in Paragraph 6 hereof, furniture,
medicines and medical and other supplies shall be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance
with procedures satisfactory to the Association and the
Bank.
5.   Vehicles shall be procured under contracts awarded
on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally,
in accordance with procedures satisfactory to the
Association and the Bank.
6.   Equipment, furniture, medicines and medical and
other supplies, off the shelf items or groups of items
estimated to cost less than the equivalent of $50,000 per
contract, up to an aggregate amount not exceeding
$11,000,000 equivalent, may be procured under quotations
solicited from a list of at least three suppliers
eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Association and the Bank.
7.   Books and materials shall be procured under
quotations solicited from a list of at least three
suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance
with procedures satisfactory to the Association and the
Bank.
8.   Laparascopes and fallopian rings, up to an aggregate
amount of $2,000,000 equivalent, may be procured under
contracts negotiated directly with one or more suppliers
of such equipment in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Association and the Bank.
Part D:   Review by the Association and the Bank of
          Procurement Decisions
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each contract for civil works,
vehicles, equipment and furniture, estimated to cost the
equivalent of $200,000 or more the procedures set forth
in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines
shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be
made out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract required to be furnished to the Association
pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
Page  8
the Association and the Bank prior to the making of the
first payment out of the Special Account in respect of
such contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Association and the Bank pursuant to
said paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the Association
and the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to the Development
Credit Agreement.
     (c)  The provisions of the preceding subparagraph
(b) shall not apply to contracts on account of which the
Association and the Bank has authorized withdrawals from
the Credit Account on the basis of statements of
expenditure. Such contracts shall be retained in
accordance with Section 4.02 (a) (ii) of the Development
Credit Agreement.
2.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist the Project States in carrying
out the Project, each of them shall employ consultants
whose qualifications, experience and terms and conditions
of employment shall be satisfactory to the Association
and the Bank. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to
the Association and the Bank on the basis of the
"Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank
Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency"
published by the Bank in August 1981.
                      SCHEDULE 2
                Implementation Program
1.   The Project States shall each prepare and furnish to
the Association and the Bank for their review and
comments, by January 31 of each year, an annual
information, education and communication plan.
2.   The Project States shall each, in conjunction with
the Borrower, adequately fund and maintain their
respective Community Health Centers, Primary Health
Centers and Sub-center facilities and equipment provided
under the Project.
3.   The Project States shall each, in conjunction with
the Borrower:
     (a)  establish (i) an Institute of Health and Family
Welfare, (ii) a Human Resources Development Cell, (iii)
District Training Centers/Teams, and (iv) a Construction
Cell for the purposes and in accordance with a schedule
agreed to by the Project States, the Association and the
Bank; and
     (b)  staff the Institute of Health and Family
Welfare, Human Resources Development Cell, District
Training Centers, and Construction Cell in accordance
with a key staffing plan agreed to by the Project States,
the Association and the Bank.
Page  9
4.   The Project States shall each, in conjunction with
the Borrower, by December 31, 1990, identify
blocks/districts for the operational research on
measurement and evaluation of the Family Welfare Program
of the Borrower and release those from present target-
setting procedures.
5.   The Project States shall each, in conjunction with
the Borrower, (a) by December 31, 1992, cause its Human
Resources Development Cell to develop and institute a
Personnel Management Information System under terms of
reference satisfactory to the Association and the Bank,
and (b) establish systems intended to maintain the agreed
staffing pattern with reference to key instructional
personnel.
6.   The Project States shall each, in conjunction with
the Borrower, prepare and furnish terms of reference for
additional innovative schemes in support of the family
welfare program to the Association and the Bank for their
review and comment prior to implementation.
7.   The Project States shall, in conjunction with the
Borrower, undertake an annual review of Project progress
and (a) by January 31 each year commencing in 1991
prepare and furnish to the Association and the Bank an
annual evaluation report outlining progress in meeting
Project objectives, and (b) by December 31,
1991, undertake and complete baseline surveys to assist
the Borrower in preparing its annual summative and
comparative report.
