Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2480 GUA
                   Development Credit Agreement
                  (Public Administration Project)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF GUYANA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        Dated April 8, 1993
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2480 GUA
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 8, 1993, between REPUBLIC OF GUYANA
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Association has received a letter dated
February 10, 1993, from the Borrower: (i) describing a program of
actions, objectives and policies related to the modernization and
strengthening of the Borrower's public sector, which includes a
number of actions to be supported or carried out under the Project
described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, and (ii) declaring the
Borrower's commitment to the execution of such program;
      (B)   the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project has requested the
Association to assist in the financing of the Project; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
Page  2
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Action Plan" means any of the Borrower's plans of
action for the implementation of each part of the Project by the
respective Executing Agencies (as hereinafter defined), satisfactory
to the Association, including the main activities to be carried out
under such part of the Project, their objectives, expected results
or outputs, cost estimates and budgets, counterpart resources,
evaluation criteria and performance indicators, institutional
arrangements and responsibilities, and key dates and timetables for
implementation, to be included in the Annual Work Program (as
hereinafter defined), as such Action Plan may be revised from time
to time by agreement between the Borrower and the Association;
      (b)   "Annual Work Program" means any of the annual Project
execution programs, satisfactory to the Association, referred to in
Section 3.08 of this Agreement;
      (c)   "Constitutional Agencies" means the following agencies
of the Borrower: Office of the Auditor General, Office of the
Ombudsman, Public and Police Service Commission, Parliament Office,
Public Prosecutions, Public Service Appelate Tribunal, Elections
Commission, Teaching Training Service and Judicial Service
Commission;
      (d)   "DIEC" means the Borrower's Department of International
Economic Cooperation;
      (e)   "Executing Agency" means any of the following agencies
of the Borrower, which is identified in an Action Plan as being
responsible for the execution of a part of the Project: the
Ministries (as hereinafter defined) and affiliated Departments, the
Constitutional Agencies, the RAs (as hereinafter defined) and the
Semi-Autonomous Agencies (as hereinafter defined); and "Executing
Agencies" means two or more of these agencies referred to
collectively;
      (f)   "Grading System" means the Borrower's grading system for
public sector personnel;
      (g)   "Key and Critical Positions" means positions on which
each Executing Agency depends for management and coordination, as
well as positions that require technical skills, such as engineers,
accountants, economists and medical personnel;
      (h)   "Ministries" means the following agencies of the
Borrower: Office of the President and the Ministries of Legal
Affairs; Foreign Affairs; Home Affairs; Agriculture; Health;
Education and Cultural Development; Labor, Human Services and Social
Security; Finance; Trade, Tourism and Industry; and Public Works,
Communications and Regional Development;
      (i)   "National Project Director" means the head of the
Project Coordinating Unit (as hereinafter defined), referred to in
Section 3.01 (c) of this Agreement;
      (j)   "Project Coordinating Unit" means the coordinating unit
to be established and maintained by the Borrower for purposes of the
Project, pursuant to Section 3.01 (b) of this Agreement;
      (k)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the Project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the Borrower
Page  3
pursuant to the letter from the Association to the Borrower dated
December 23, 1992 countersigned by the Borrower on December 28,
1992;
      (l)   "PSC" means the Borrower's Public Service Commission;
      (m)   "PSM" means the Borrower's Office of the President,
Public Service Management;
      (n)   "RAs" means the regional administrations of the
Borrower;
      (o)   "Semi-Autonomous Agencies" means the following agencies
of the Borrower: State Planning Secretariat, National Agricultural
Research Institute, Guyana Water Authority, Guyana Manufacturing and
Industrial Development Agency, and Statistical Bureau; and
      (p)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to eight million six hundred and fifty thousand Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 8,650,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in Bank of Guyana a special deposit account on
terms and conditions satisfactory to the Association. Deposits into,
and payments out of, the Special Account shall be made in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance
shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1997 or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next date in that year specified in
Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
Page  4
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on May 1 and November 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each May 1 and November 1 commencing
May 1, 2003 and ending November 1, 2032. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on November 1, 2012 shall be one
percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each installment
thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 Dollars for five consecutive years, and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 2.09. The National Project Director is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of taking any action
required or permitted to be taken under the provisions of Section
2.02 of this Agreement and Article V of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project, through
the Executing Agencies, with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with the Action Plans, the Annual Work Programs and
appropriate administrative, financial and managerial practices, and
shall provide, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services
and other resources required for the Project.
Page  5
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section, the Borrower shall maintain, until completion of
the Project, a Project coordinating unit with functions and respon-
sibilities satisfactory to the Association, including, inter alia:
            (i)   coordination of the execution of all parts of the
                  Project by monitoring progress of each activity
                  of, and providing support to, the Executing
                  Agencies;
           (ii)   assistance to the Ministry of Finance, with the
                  support of PSM, for purposes of Section 3.13 of
                  this Agreement;
          (iii)   coordination and supervision of the procurement
                  of goods and the selection of consultants by the
                  Executing Agencies;
           (iv)   review of all consultants' reports, evaluation of
                  their contents and implementation of their
                  recommendations, as the case may be, as agreed
                  with the Executing Agencies and approved by the
                  Association; and
            (v)   preparation of the reports referred to in Section
                  3.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The Borrower shall ensure that the Project Coordinating
Unit is at all times headed by a national Project director, assisted
by a full-time deputy director and a procurement advisor, all with
qualifications, experience and functions satisfactory to the
Association, and by qualified staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and consultants' services required for the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall
be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. (a) Public servants employed by the Borrower
under any kind of administrative arrangements (including leave
without pay), during the six months preceding the date of the
proposed contracting, shall not be eligible for providing consulting
services to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall maintain in the Executing Agencies
qualified staff in adequate number as counterparts of the consul-
tants employed under the Project.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall:
      (a)   carry out all consultants' contracts included in the
Project under terms of reference satisfactory to the Association;
      (b)   promptly after the completion of each contract, furnish
to the Association copy of the consultants' findings and
recommendations;
      (c)   afford the Association a reasonable opportunity to
comment on such findings and recommendations; and
      (d)   prepare Action Plans to carry out the recommendations of
such consultants, taking into account the Association's comments
thereon.
      Section 3.05. With respect to the training programs to be
carried out under the Project, the Borrower shall:
      (a)   furnish to the Association, for its review and approval,
the content of such programs as well as the schedule for their
implementation;
      (b)   select the beneficiaries of such programs, in accordance
Page  6
with criteria satisfactory to the Association; and
      (c)   furnish to the Association a report, of such scope and
in such detail as the Association shall reasonably request, on the
results of each program and the benefits to be derived therefrom.
      Section 3.06. Without limitation upon the provisions of
Section 9.06 of the General Conditions, by no later than June 15 and
December 15 of each year, until completion of the Project, the
Borrower shall, through the Project Coordinating Unit, furnish to
the Association, for its review and comment, a report on the
progress achieved by each Executing Agency in carrying out its
respective parts of the Project, of such scope and in such detail as
the Association may reasonably request.
      Section 3.07. Without limitation upon the provisions of
Section 9.01 of the General Conditions, the Borrower shall:
      (a)   by no later than December 30 of each year, starting in
1993, review, jointly with the Association, the progress achieved by
each Executing Agency in carrying out its respective parts of the
Project, any such review to be based upon the reports furnished to
the Association pursuant to Section 3.06 of this Agreement and the
Annual Work Program approved by the Association for the respective
year, pursuant to Section 3.08 of this Agreement, and to include the
implementation of the public sector pay policy agreed with the
Association;
      (b)   by no later than May 31, 1995, furnish to the
Association, for its approval, the terms of reference for the in-
depth mid-term review referred to in paragraph (c) below;
      (c)   by no later than June 30, 1995, carry out, jointly with
the Association, a review in order to assess the overall progress in
the carrying out of the Project, the performance of the Borrower's
obligations under this Agreement, and the achievement of the
objectives of the Project; and
      (d)   if, as a result of any of the above reviews, the
Association determines that the progress in the execution of the
Project, or in the achievement of its objectives is not
satisfactory, the Borrower shall promptly take or cause to be taken
all such remedial action, satisfactory to the Association, as shall
be necessary therefor.
      Section 3.08. The Borrower, through the Project Coordinating
Unit, shall prepare and furnish to the Association, by no later than
September 1 of each year, starting in 1994, for its approval, an
Annual Work Program containing Action Plans for the execution of
each part of the Project in the upcoming calendar year.
      Section 3.09. Without limitation upon the provisions of
Sections 3.06, 3.07 and 3.08 of this Agreement and with regard to
Part F of the Project, the Borrower:
      (a)   through the Project Coordinating Unit, shall select the
positions to be filled under such Part of the Project, with the
Association's approval and in consultation with PSM, the Ministry of
Finance and the concerned Executing Agency;
      (b)   through DIEC, shall:
            (i)   by no later than one month after the Effective
                  Date, establish and thereafter maintain a support
                  unit for such Part of the Project, with functions
                  and staff satisfactory to the Association; and
           (ii)   beginning December 31, 1993, submit to the
                  Project Coordinating Unit quarterly progress
                  reports on key issues, targets and recommen-
                  dations for implementation of such Part of the
                  Project;
Page  7
      (c)   by no later than one month after the Effective Date,
through PSC, shall issue recruitment guidelines, satisfactory to the
Association, including, inter alia, procedures and criteria for
evaluation of candidates to fill the selected positions;
      (d)   through PSM, under the supervision of PSC, shall manage
the incentive package provided under such Part of the Project; and
      (e)   through PSM and the National Project Director, shall
periodically review the progress of such Part of the Project and the
targets reached by DIEC with respect to the performance indicators
established in the respective Action Plan, based upon the reports
referred to in paragraph (b) (ii) above.
      Section 3.10. The Borrower shall not levy:
      (a)   any tax in respect of the benefits and allowances
provided under Part F.2 of the Project; and
      (b)   any duty on the importation of the household and
personal effects included in the relocation shipment provided under
such Part of the Project.
      Section 3.11. (a) By no later than one month after the
Effective Date, the Borrower, through the Executing Agencies, shall
implement a new salary scale, under Part A.1 of the Project, and
eliminate labor redundancies under Parts A.2 (a) and A.2 (b) of the
Project, all in a manner satisfactory to the Association.
      (b)   The Borrower shall maintain until completion of the
Project the salary scale referred to in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 3.12. By no later than May 31, 1995, the Borrower,
through the Ministry of Finance, shall furnish to the Association
the long-term program for public sector reform to be prepared under
Part G of the Project, together with a schedule for its
implementation.
      Section 3.13. Without limitation upon the provisions of
Sections 3.06 and 4.01 (b) of this Agreement, the Borrower, through
the Ministry of Finance, with the support of PSM and the Project
Coordinating Unit, shall:
      (a)   carry out internal audits of the implementation of Parts
A and F of the Project; and
      (b)   by no later than March 30 of each year, until completion
of the Project, furnish to the Association a report on the results
of such internal audits during the preceding calendar year of such
scope and in such detail as the Association may reasonably request.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and separate accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices the operations, resources
and expenditures in respect of the Project of the departments or
agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project or
any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those for
                  the Special Account for each fiscal year audited,
                  in accordance with appropriate auditing
                  principles consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
Page  8
           (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year, a certified copy of
                  the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and the audit
                  thereof as the Association shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the
                  Association has received the audit for the fiscal
                  year in which the last withdrawal from the Credit
                  Account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
      Section 4.02. The report referred to in Section 4.01 (b) (ii)
shall include a specific reference to the physical audits conducted
with respect to goods acquired under the Project.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 5.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   a basic personnel records system for the Borrower's
public administration, satisfactory to the Association, shall have
been established;
      (b)   the Project Coordinating Unit shall have been
established and staffed in a manner satisfactory to the Association,
including the appointment of the National Project Director and the
deputy director;
      (c)   arrangements, satisfactory to the Association, shall
have been formally established for the coordination among the
Project Coordinating Unit and the Executing Agencies, in the
carrying out of the Project;
      (d)   counterpart funds shall have been allocated in the
Borrower's 1993 budget, in amounts sufficient, in the Association's
opinion, to carry out the activities under the Project during that
year; and
      (e)   an Annual Work Program for the first twelve months of
Page  9
Project implementation, satisfactory to the Association, including,
inter alia, the definition of monitorable performance indicators and
an Action Plan for Part A of the Project, shall have been furnished
to the Association.
      Section 5.02. The date July 14, 1993 is hereby specified for
the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 6.01. Except as indicated in Section 2.09 of this
Agreement, the Minister of Finance of the Borrower is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of
the General Conditions.
      Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            The Ministry of Finance
            Main and Urquart Streets
            Georgetown
            Guyana
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  MIFIN                     3038
                  Guyana
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                    197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  REPUBLIC OF GUYANA
                  By /s/ Asgar Ally
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Sri-ram Aiyer
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                             SCHEDULE 1
Page  10
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1)   Goods, except            4,145,000        100% of foreign
      for Part A of                             expenditures and
      the Project                               85% of local
                                                expenditures.
(2)   Consultants'             2,630,000        100%
      services,
      except for
      Part A of the
      Project
(3)   Recruitment              1,225,000        100% of foreign
      costs                                     expenditures.
(4)   Refunding of               650,000        Amount due pur-
      Project Prepara-                          suant to Section
      tion Advance                              2.02 (c) of this
                                                Agreement.
                              __________
           TOTAL               8,650,000
                              ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower;
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower; and
      (c)   the term "recruitment costs" means the costs of the
incentive package under Part F.2 of the Project.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objective of the Project is to maintain and improve the
capacity of the public sector of the Borrower to perform its
functions, through programs aimed at: (a) facilitating adequate
staffing of Key and Critical Positions and eliminating staffing
redundancies; (b) creating conditions for accountability in
financial and personnel management, as well as in fundamental
operational programs; and (c) supporting efforts in preparing a
long-term strategy and program for public sector reform.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Reforming the Public Service Salary and Employment
            Structure
1.    Implementation of structural changes in the salary scale of
Page  11
the Executing Agencies and basic reforms to personnel management,
through:
      (a)   decompression of the salary scale;
      (b)   shifting and filling of Key and Critical Positions; and
      (c)   incorporation, within the salary scale, of all positions
presently filled through special contracts, allowances and other
salary enhancements.
2.    Elimination of labor redundancy, through:
      (a)   cancellation of all existing vacancies in Grading System
levels 1 through 5;
      (b)   freezing or cancellation of all new vacancies in Grading
System levels 1 through 5;
      (c)   assessment of the employment needs of each Executing
Agency;
      (d)   implementation of transfers both within and across the
Executing Agencies; and
      (e)   designing of mechanisms to reduce the size of the public
sector work force, including, inter alia, incentive packages for
voluntary departure.
Part B:     Integrated Financial Management
1.    Establishment of a decentralized budget and accounting system
for the Borrower's public administration based upon the principle
that the responsibility for the handling of financial resources by
public entities involves the responsibility for the preparation of
sound accounting records.
2.    Design and implementation of norms, procedures and systems for
effective and efficient budgeting, accounting, cash management, debt
management, internal control and external control by the Secretary
to the Treasury, the Office of the Budget, the Accountant General
Department and the Auditor General Department.
3.    Establishment of revenue collections management systems by the
Inland Revenue and Customs and Excise Department.
Part C:     Regional Administrations System
1.    Review of: (a) the present functions of the RAs; (b) the
operational systems in place for the planning, execution and
monitoring of RAs programs and their integration into the central
system; (c) the authorities delegated to the RAs; and (d) the
adequacy of resources and the lines of accountability for efficient
and effective service delivery by the RAs.
2.    Design and implementation of the required institutional
reforms and new systems to support a new role of RAs in relation to
Ministries, taking into account, inter alia, the personnel and
financial implications.
3.    Development of a modern information system for the RAs.
Part D:     Personnel Management
1.    Design and establishment of a personnel records system through
development of a computer based system to provide access to
information on individual staff to each Executing Agency and
aggregate information on staff, for overall management purposes, to
Ministries, PSM and PSC.
2.    Establishment of a new job classification system for the
Borrower's public administration, with transparent procedures for
Page  12
recruitment, evaluation and monitoring of personnel.
3.    Consolidation of a modern personnel management system in the
Executing Agencies, including employment and salary administration,
a performance evaluation and incentives system, and a comprehensive
public sector policy.
Part E:     General Administration
      Provision of administrative, computing, communications and
transportation equipment for managing operations in the Executing
Agencies.
Part F:     Recruitment Program
1.    Strengthening of the managerial and technical capacity of the
Executing Agencies through a recruitment strategy focused on
attracting qualified applications of Guyanese residing abroad and,
exceptionally, other professionals to compete for approximately 50
positions in Grading System levels 15 and 16, including the special
category.
2.    Provision of incentive packages to the Guyanese residing
abroad or other professionals effectively recruited pursuant to Part
F.1 above, including: (a) one-way airline tickets for the expatriate
or other professionals and his/her immediate family; (b) a lump sum
relocation allowance of approximately $10,000 equivalent, payable in
the beginning of the first year of service; (c) cost of shipment of
household and personal effects up to a maximum of 6,000 kilograms
for expatriates with children and 5,000 kilograms for expatriates
with no children; and (d) a lump sum of approximately $15,000
equivalent, payable at the end of the first three years of
continuous service, for those who formally undertake to continue in
the Borrower's public sector.
Part G:     Long-Term Program for Public Sector Reform
      Preparation of a long-term program for public sector reform.
                             *   *   *
      The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1997.
                            SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1992 (the Guidelines). For fixed-price contracts, the
invitation to bid referred to in paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines
shall provide that, when contract award is delayed beyond the
original bid validity period, the successful bidder's bid price will
be increased for each week of delay by two predisclosed correction
factors acceptable to the Association, one to be applied to all
foreign currency components and the other to the local currency
component of the bid price. Such an increase shall not be taken into
account in bid evaluation.
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall be
grouped in bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of $30,000
or more each.
3.    Computer equipment and software (including installation,
commissioning and maintenance services) shall be procured under a
single bid package awarded through a two-step procedure, for
Page  13
technical and price bids, satisfactory to the Association.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in Guyana may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Transport and radiocommunication equipment may be procured
under contracts awarded through limited international bidding
procedures in accordance with Sections I and II of the Guidelines
(excluding paragraphs 2.8, 2.9, 2.55 and 2.56 thereof).
3.    Minor office equipment and furbishings estimated to cost less
than the equivalent of $30,000 per contract or per bid package, up
to an aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent of $500,000, may
be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of
price quotations solicited from a list of at least three suppliers
eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures
acceptable to the Association.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for goods estimated to
cost the equivalent of $30,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of the
Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall not
apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the Credit
Account are to be made on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 10% is hereby specified for purposes of para-
graph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower in the carrying out of the
Project, the Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected
in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency"  published by the Bank in August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
Page  14
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means the Categories (1),
(2) and (3) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $1,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                  requests for deposits into the Special Account at
                  such intervals as the Association shall specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                  by said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
Page  15
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
