Page  1
                                                          CONFORMED COPY
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2634 KG
                             Project Agreement
                       (Telecommunications Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                    and
                              KYRGYZ TELECOM
                            Dated July 7, 1994
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2634 KG
                             PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 7, 1994, between INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association) and KYRGYZ TELECOM (KT).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date herewith
between Kyrgyz Republic (the Borrower) and the Association, the Association
has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies
equivalent to twelve million eight hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 12,800,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Development
Credit Agreement, but only on condition that KT agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Association as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into between the
Borrower and KT, a portion of the proceeds of the credit provided for under
the Development Credit Agreement will be relent to KT on the terms and
conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS KT, in consideration of the Association's entering into the
Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                                 ARTICLE I
                                Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the Development Credit Agreement and in the General Conditions
(as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) KT declares its commitment to the objectives of the
Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit Agreement, and,
to this end, shall carry out Parts A and B of the Project with due diligence
and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate administrative, financial
and engineering practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources
required for Parts A and B of the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a) of this
Section and except as the Association and KT shall otherwise agree, KT shall
carry out Parts A and B of the Project in accordance with the Implementation
Program set forth in the Schedule to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and services required for Parts A and B of the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit
Agreement.
      Section 2.03. KT shall carry out the obligations set forth in Sections
9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating
to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and
reports, maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the
Project Agreement and Parts A and B of the Project.
      Section 2.04. KT shall duly perform all its obligations under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
KT shall not take or concur in any action which would have the effect of
amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or
any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) KT shall, at the request of the Association,
exchange views with the Association with regard to the progress of Parts A
and B of the Project, the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters
relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   KT shall promptly inform the Association of any condition which
interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of Parts A and B of
the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit, or the
performance by KT of its obligations under this Agreement and under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                                ARTICLE III
                      Management and Operations of KT
      Section 3.01. KT shall carry on its operations and conduct its affairs
in accordance with sound administrative, financial and engineering practices
under the supervision of qualified and experienced management assisted by
competent staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. KT shall at all times operate and maintain its plant,
machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to time, promptly as
needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals thereof, all in accordance
with sound engineering and financial practices.
      Section 3.03. KT shall take out and maintain with responsible
insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the Association for,
insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be consistent with
Page  3
appropriate practice.
                                ARTICLE IV
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) KT shall maintain separate records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices the
operations, resources and expenditures in respect of Parts A and B of the
Project.
      (b)   KT shall maintain records and accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices its operations and financial
condition.
      (c)   KT shall:
            (i)   furnish to the Association as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end of each
                  fiscal year its unaudited financial statements for the
                  years 1995 and 1996;
            (ii)  have the records and accounts referred to in paragraph
                  (a) of this Section for each fiscal year audited, in
                  accordance with appropriate auditing principles
                  consistently applied, by independent auditors acceptable
                  to the Association;
            (iii) have its records, accounts and financial statements
                  (balance sheets, statements of income and expenses and
                  related statements) for its fiscal year starting on
                  January 1, 1997 and each subsequent fiscal year audited,
                  in accordance with appropriate auditing principles
                  consistently applied, by independent auditors acceptable
                  to the Association;
            (iv)  furnish to the Association as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end of each
                  such year: (A) certified copies of its financial
                  statements for such year as so audited, and (B) the
                  report of such audit by said auditors, of such scope and
                  in such detail as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
            (v)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably request.
      Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise agree, KT
shall produce, for each of its fiscal years, funds from internal sources
equivalent to not less than 100% of KT's local cost requirement for its
annual capital expenditures after meeting its debt service requirements.
      (b)   Before September 30 in each of its fiscal years, KT shall, on
the basis of forecasts prepared by KT and satisfactory to the Association,
review whether it would meet the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) in
respect of such year and shall furnish to the Association a copy of such
review upon its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that KT would not meet the requirements
set forth in paragraph (a) for KT's fiscal years covered by such review, KT
shall promptly take all necessary measures (including, without limitation,
adjustments of the structure or levels of its rates) in order to meet such
requirements.
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "funds from internal sources" means the
                  difference between:
                  (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources related to
Page  4
                        operations, consumer deposits and consumer
                        contributions in aid of construction, net non-
                        operating income and any reduction in working
                        capital other than cash; and
                  (B)   the sum of all expenses related to operations,
                        including administration, adequate maintenance and
                        taxes and payments in lieu of taxes (excluding
                        provision for depreciation and other non-cash
                        operating charges), debt service requirements, all
                        cash dividends and other cash distributions of
                        surplus, increase in working capital other than
                        cash and other cash outflows other than capital
                        expenditures.
           (ii)   The term "net non-operating income" means the difference
                  between:
                  (A)   revenues from all sources other than those related
                        to operations; and
                  (B)   non-operating expenses, including taxes and
                        payments in lieu of taxes, incurred in the
                        generation of revenues in (A) above, interest on
                        debt, and any other transfer to the Borrower or its
                        entities.
          (iii)   The term "working capital other than cash" means the
                  difference between current assets excluding cash and
                  current liabilities at the end of each fiscal year.
           (iv)   The term "current assets excluding cash" means all assets
                  other than cash which could in the ordinary course of
                  business be converted into cash within twelve months,
                  including accounts receivable, marketable securities,
                  inventories and pre-paid expenses properly chargeable to
                  operating expenses within the next fiscal year.
            (v)   The term "current liabilities" means all liabilities
                  which will become due and payable or could under
                  circumstances then existing be called for payment within
                  twelve months, including accounts payable, customer
                  advances, debt service requirements, taxes and payments
                  in lieu of taxes, and dividends.
           (vi)   The term "debt service requirements" means the aggregate
                  amount of repayments (including sinking fund payments, if
                  any) of, and interest and other charges on, debt.
          (vii)   The term "capital expenditures" means all expenditures on
                  account of fixed assets, including interest charged to
                  construction, related to operations.
         (viii)   Whenever for the purposes of this Section it shall be
                  necessary to value, in terms of the currency of the
                  Borrower, debt payable in another currency, such
                  valuation shall be made on the basis of the prevailing
                  lawful rate of exchange as established by the National
                  Bank of the Kyrgyz Republic at which such other currency
                  is, at the time of such valuation, obtainable for the
                  purposes of servicing such debt, or, in the absence of
                  such rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange acceptable
                  to the Association.
      Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise agree, KT
shall maintain, for each of its fiscal years, a ratio of total after tax
profit plus provisions for depreciation to total debt service requirement
not less than 1.5:1.
      (b)   Before September 30 in each of its fiscal years, KT shall, on
the basis of forecasts prepared by KT and satisfactory to the Association,
review whether it would meet the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) in
respect of such year and the next following fiscal year, and shall furnish
Page  5
to the Association the results of such review upon its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that KT would not meet the requirements
set forth in paragraph (a) for KT's fiscal years covered by such review, KT
shall promptly take all necessary measures (including, without limitation,
adjustments of the structure or levels of its tariffs) in order to meet such
requirements.
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section;
            (i)   the term "total after tax profit" means the difference
                  between the sum of operating revenues plus the net non-
                  operating income, as defined in Section 4.02 (d)(ii) and
                  total operating expenses; and
           (ii)   the term "total operating expenses" means all expenses
                  related to operations, including administration, adequate
                  maintenance and provision for depreciation.
      Section 4.04. (a) By July 1, 1994, KT shall establish and thereafter
maintain, unless otherwise agreed by the Association, tariff levels for
calls made by any subscriber to the republics of the Commonwealth of
Independent States (CIS) at a level at least equal to 150% of the outgoing
Settlement Rate paid by KT on such calls, provided that, if one or more of
the current republics of the CIS withdraw from the CIS, the provisions of
paragraph (b) of this Section will apply to telephone calls made to such
republic or republics;
      (b)   KT shall maintain, unless otherwise agreed by the Association,
tariffs for international telephone calls other than those referred to in
paragraph (a) of this Section at a level at least equal to (i) 150% of the
applicable outgoing Settlement Rate paid by KT on such calls; or (ii) the
sum equivalent of US$1.00 per minute at the prevailing market exchange rate,
whichever is greater; and
      (c)   for purposes of this Section, the term "Settlement Rate" refers
to the country specific rates which will be agreed between KT and the
international telephone operators of other countries for the settlement of
their international telephone traffic and will be expressed in United States
Dollars per minute or Special Drawing Rights per minute.
      Section 4.05. Prior to the initiation of any investment involving
expenditure to be made in excess of $5,000,000 equivalent per annum, KT
shall furnish to the Association a report in such detail as the Association
shall reasonably request, establishing, to the satisfaction of the
Association, the economic and financial viability of any such investment.
      Section 4.06. By April 30, 1995, KT shall determine, on the basis of
the financial statements and related accounting data for 1994, the aggregate
amount of all monetary transfers made by KT to the Postal Department and MOC
during 1994 and provide such information to the Association.
                                 ARTICLE V
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect on the
date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of KT thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of the
following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit Agreement shall
                  terminate in accordance with its terms; or
            (ii)  the date, 20 years after the date of this Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in accordance
with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a) (ii) of this
Section, the Association shall promptly notify KT of this event.
Page  6
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall continue in
full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation or suspension under
the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE VI
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to be given
or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the parties
contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it shall be delivered
by hand or by mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to
which it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such party shall
have designated by notice to the party giving such notice or making such
request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      For KT:
            Director General
            Kyrgyz Telecom
            720000, Bishkek
            Chuy Prospect No. 96
            Kyrgyz Republic
                                          Telex:
                                            2513 34 RTBSU
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken, and any
document required or permitted to be executed, under this Agreement on
behalf of KT may be taken or executed by its Director General or such other
person or persons as its Director General shall designate in writing, and
KT shall furnish to the Association sufficient evidence of the authority and
the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts,
each of which shall be an original, and all collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly
authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in the District of Columbia, United States of America, as
of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ R. Cheetham
                                           Acting Regional Vice President
                                                  Europe and Central Asia
Page  7
                  KYRGYZ TELECOM
                  By /s/ A.Chukin
                                                Authorized Representative
                                 SCHEDULE
                          Implementation Program
1.    During execution of the Project KT shall maintain PIU with adequate
staff in sufficient numbers and take all necessary measures consistent with
Section II of Schedule 3 to the Credit Agreement to employ an advisor for
the PIU and an advisor to the director general and to the financial
controller of KT not later than March 31, 1995.
2.    By December 31, 1994, KT shall make satisfactory arrangements to
implement training to be provided under Part B.3 of the Project.
3.    By June 30, 1995, introduce a performance based management and staff
incentive program consistent with the performance ratios specified by KT in
agreement with the Association.
4.    By June 30, 1995, KT shall conclude an interconnection agreement with
the Republican Production Association of Microwave Trunks, Television and
Radio Broadcasting regarding KT's usage of transmission and other
telecommunications facilities required in respect of its operations.
5.    By June 30, 1996, KT shall implement a computerized billing system,
acceptable to the Association.
6.    By December 31, 1996, KT shall implement a computerized accounting and
financial management system.
7.    By June 30, 1997, KT shall prepare and submit to the Association a
plan evaluating private investment opportunities in KT.
