Page  1
                                                          CONFORMED COPY
                                                     LOAN NUMBER 2925 UNI
                           Borno State Agreement
                 (Infrastructure Development Fund Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                              AND DEVELOPMENT
                                    and
                          BORNO STATE OF NIGERIA
                           Dated April 24, 1995
                                                     LOAN NUMBER 2925 UNI
                           BORNO STATE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 24, 1995, between INTERNATIONAL
BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and BORNO
STATE OF NIGERIA (Borno State).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement dated August 4, 1989
between the Federal Republic of Nigeria (the Borrower) and the
Bank, the Bank has agreed to make available to the Borrower an
amount in various currencies equivalent to sixty-nine million
five hundred thousand dollars ($69,500,000), on the terms and
conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement; and
      (B)   Borno State has agreed to carry out Urban Projects
under the Project with the Borrower's assistance, and the
Borrower, as part of such assistance, will relend to Borno
State proceeds of the Loan in an amount equivalent to three
million dollars ($3,000,000) under a subsidiary loan agreement
(the Borno State Subsidiary Loan Agreement) to be entered into
between the Borrower and Borno State;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                      General Conditions; Definitions
Page  2
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted
(the General Conditions), constitute an integral part of this
Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Wherever used in this Agreement, unless the
context otherwise requires, the several terms defined in the
General Conditions (as so defined) and in the Preamble to this
Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) Borno State declares its commitment to
the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Loan Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out the Urban
Projects with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity
with appropriate administrative, financial, engineering and
public utility practices and shall provide promptly, as needed,
the funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for the purpose.
      (b)   Borno State shall: (i) provide in its annual budgets
amounts sufficient to cover its counterpart contributions to
the costs of Borno State's Urban Projects; and (ii) without any
limitation or restriction on any of its other obligations under
this Agreement, contribute not less than 15% (or such other
percentage as the Borrower, the Bank and Borno State shall
agree) of the funds required to meet the total costs of each
such Urban Project.
      (c)   Borno State shall: (i) establish and thereafter
maintain in a form and with functions satisfactory to the Bank
a Project Management Unit to oversee the carrying out of the
Project; and (ii)  promptly appoint a Project Manager with
qualifications and experience satisfactory to the Bank to head
the Project Management Unit.
      (d)   The provisions of the Schedule to this Agreement
shall have effect with respect to the Urban Projects which
Borno State shall carry out under the Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services
required for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Loan shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 4
to the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.03. Borno State shall duly perform all its
obligations under the Borno State Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, Borno State shall not
take or concur in any action which would have the effect of
amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the Borno State
Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.04. (a) Borno State shall, at the request of the
Borrower or the Bank, exchange views with the Borrower and the
Bank with regard to the progress of any of Borno State's Urban
Projects, the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Borno State Subsidiary Loan Agreement,
and other matters relating to the purposes of the Loan.
      Section 2.05. Borno State shall carry out the obligations
set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of
the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition) in respect of this Agreement and any
Urban Project carried out in pursuance thereof.
                                ARTICLE III
Page  3
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) Borno State shall, with respect to the
Project, maintain records and accounts adequate to reflect, in
accordance with sound accounting practices, its operations and
financial condition.
      (b)   Borno State shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those
                  for the Special Account and the statements of
                  expenditures audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Bank;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but
                  in any case not later than six months after the
                  end of each such year: (A) certified copies of
                  its financial statements for such year as so
                  audited; and (B) the report of such audit by
                  said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                  as the Bank shall have reasonably requested;
                  and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements, as well as the audit thereof, as
                  the Association shall from time to time
                  reasonably request.
                                ARTICLE IV
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall be deemed to have come
into force and effect on the date upon which the Loan Agreement
became effective.
      Section 4.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the
Bank and of Borno State thereunder shall terminate on the date
on which the Loan Agreement shall terminate, in accordance with
its terms, and the Bank shall promptly notify Borno State
thereof.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any
cancellation or suspension under the General Conditions.
                                 ARTICLE V
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted
to be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement
between the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in
writing. Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been
duly given or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by
mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which
it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
                 Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
Page  4
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                  197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      For Borno State:
            The Honourable Commissioner
            Ministry of Finance and Economic Development
            Maiduguri
            Borno State
            Nigeria
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken
and any document required or permitted to be executed under
this Agreement on behalf of Borno State may be taken or
executed by the Commissioner for Works and Housing or such
other person or persons as Borno State shall designate in
writing, and Borno State shall furnish to the Bank sufficient
evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                      RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By \s\ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                          Regional Vice President
                                                           Africa
                  BORNO STATE OF NIGERIA
                  By \s\ Alh. Abba Tor shehu Masta II
                                        Authorized Representative
                                 SCHEDULE
             Terms and conditions applicable to Urban Projects
1.    Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, no expenditures
for goods and services required for an Urban Project shall be
eligible for financing out of the proceeds of the Loan unless
such expenditures shall have been made not earlier than 90 days
prior to the date on which: (i) with respect to an Urban
Project to be financed out of the proceeds of a Subloan (other
than a free-limit Subloan), the Bank shall have received the
application and information required under paragraph 2 (a) of
this Schedule; or (ii) with respect to an Urban Project to be
Page  5
financed out of the proceeds of a free-limit Subloan, the Bank
shall have received the request and information required under
paragraph 2 (b) of this Schedule.
2.    (a)   When presenting an Urban Project to the Bank for
financing out of the proceeds of the Loan in an amount
exceeding $2,000,000 equivalent (i.e., the amount of a Subloan
other than a free-limit Subloan), Borno State shall furnish to
the Bank an application, in form satisfactory to the Bank,
together with: (i) an appraisal of the Urban Project, including
a description of the expenditures proposed to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Loan; and (ii) such other information as
the Bank shall reasonably request.
      (b)   When presenting an Urban Project to the Bank for
financing out of the proceeds of the Loan in an amount
equivalent to $2,000,000 or less (i.e., the amount of a free-
limit Subloan), Borno State shall furnish to the Bank a summary
description of the Urban Project, including a description of
the expenditures proposed to be financed out of the proceeds of
the Loan.
