Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                   CREDIT NUMBER 2747 PAK
                             Project Agreement
                (Punjab Forest Sector Development Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                    and
                            PROVINCE OF PUNJAB
                            Dated July 27, 1995
                                                   CREDIT NUMBER 2747 PAK
                             PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 27, 1995, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and PROVINCE OF
PUNJAB acting by its Governor (Punjab).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even
date herewith between Islamic Republic of Pakistan (the
Borrower) and the Association, the Association has agreed to
make available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies
equivalent to sixteen million Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 16,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition that Punjab
agree to undertake such obligations toward the Association as
are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   the proceeds of the credit provided for under the
Development Credit Agreement will be made available to Punjab;
and
      WHEREAS Punjab, in consideration of the Association's
entering into the Development Credit Agreement with the
Borrower, has agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in
this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                                 ARTICLE I
                                Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so
defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) Punjab declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out
the Project with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity
with appropriate administrative, financial, engineering and
forestry practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph
(a) of this Section and except as the Association and Punjab
shall otherwise agree, Punjab shall carry out the Project in
accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. (a) Punjab shall carry out the obligations
set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of
the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project
Agreement.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph
(a) of this Section, Punjab shall:
            (i)   prepare, on the basis of guidelines acceptable
                  to the Association and furnish to the
                  Association not later than six (6) months after
                  the Closing Date or such later date as may be
                  agreed for this purpose between the Association
                  and Punjab, a plan for the future operation of
                  the Project;
           (ii)   afford the Association a reasonable opportunity
                  to exchange views with Punjab on said plan; and
          (iii)   thereafter, carry out said plan with due
                  diligence and efficiency and in accordance with
                  appropriate practices, taking into account the
                  Association's comments thereon.
      Section 2.04. (a) Punjab shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to
the progress of the Project, the performance of its obligations
under this Agreement, and other matters relating to the
purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   Punjab shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of
the Credit, or the performance by Punjab of its obligations
under this Agreement.
Page  3
                                ARTICLE III
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) Punjab shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices the operations,
resources and expenditures in respect of the Project of the
departments or agencies of Punjab responsible for carrying out
the Project or any part thereof.
      (b)   Punjab shall:
           (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the
                  Association;
          (ii)    furnish to the Association, as soon as
                  available, but in any case not later than nine
                  months after the end of each such year, a
                  certified copy of the report of such audit by
                  said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                  as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other
                  information concerning said records, accounts
                  and the audit thereof as the Association shall
                  from time to time reasonably request.
                                ARTICLE IV
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement
becomes effective.
      Section 4.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of
the Association and of Punjab thereunder shall terminate on the
earlier of the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                  Agreement shall terminate in accordance with
                  its terms; or
           (ii)   the date 20 years after the date of this
                  Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in
paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the Association shall
promptly notify Punjab of this event.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any
cancellation or suspension under the General Conditions.
                                 ARTICLE V
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted
to be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement
between the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in
writing. Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been
duly given or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by
mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which
Page  4
it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                 197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.        248423 (RCA),
                                           64145 (WUI) or
                                           82987 (FTCC)
      For Province of Punjab:
            The Chairman
            Planning and Development Board
            Government of Punjab
            Lahore, Pakistan
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  DEVELOPMENT             82-04-4868
                  Lahore                  Punjab Secretariat
                  Pakistan                Lahore, Pakistan
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be executed,
under this Agreement on behalf of Punjab, or by Punjab on
behalf of the Borrower under the Development Credit Agreement,
may be taken or executed by the Chairman, Planning and
Development Board, Punjab, or such other person or persons as
the Chairman, Planning and Development Board, Punjab shall
designate in writing, and Punjab shall furnish to the
Association sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By  /s/ D. Joseph Wood
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                                               South Asia
                  PROVINCE OF PUNJAB
                  By  /s/ Mansoor Elahi
                                                Authorized Representative
                                SCHEDULE 1
Page  5
                   Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:     Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
      Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines), and in
accordance with the following additional procedures:
      (a)   When contract award is delayed beyond the original
bid validity period, such period may be extended once, subject
to and in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 2.59 of
the Guidelines, by the minimum amount of time required to
complete the evaluation, obtain necessary approvals and
clearances and award the contract. The bid validity period may
be extended a second time only if the bidding documents or the
request for extension shall provide for appropriate adjustment
of the bid price to reflect changes in the cost of inputs for
the contract over the period of extension. Such an increase in
the bid price shall not be taken into account in the bid
evaluation. With respect to each contract made subject to the
Association's prior review in accordance with the provisions of
Part D.1 (a) of this Section, the Association's prior approval
will be required for (i) a first extension of the bid validity
period if the period of extension exceeds sixty (60) days and
(ii) any subsequent extension of the bid validity period.
      (b)   In the procurement of goods in accordance with this
Part A, Punjab shall use the relevant standard bidding
documents issued by the Bank, with such modifications thereto
as the Association shall have agreed to be necessary for the
purposes of the Project. Where no relevant standard bidding
documents have been issued by the Bank, Punjab shall use
bidding documents based on other internationally recognized
standard forms agreed with the Association.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in
Pakistan may be granted a margin of preference in accordance
with, and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and
2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix
2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Civil works shall be grouped into bid packages estimated
to cost the equivalent of $40,000 or more each, and shall be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of competitive
bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Association.
2.    Afforestation works, including land preparation and
planting, and field works, including soil conservation and
pasture establishment, may be carried out through force account
in accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
3.    Computers with peripherals and software may be procured
under contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding,
advertised locally, in accordance with procedures satisfactory
to the Association.
4.    Items of equipment and materials estimated to cost less
than the equivalent of $50,000 per contract, up to an aggregate
amount not to exceed the equivalent of $200,000, may be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of
price quotations solicited from a list of at least three
Page  6
suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Association.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and
final contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $200,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the
Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure
that the two conformed copies of the contract required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d)
shall be furnished to the Association prior to the making of
the first payment out of the Special Account in respect of such
contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3
and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where
payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the
two conformed copies of the contract together with the other
information required to be furnished to the Association
pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the
Association as part of the evidence to be furnished pursuant to
paragraph 4 of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b)
shall not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals
from the Credit Account are to be made on the basis of
statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:    Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist Punjab in carrying out the Project,
Punjab shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be
selected in accordance with principles and procedures
satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the "Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the
World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August
1981 (the Consultant Guidelines). For complex, time-based
assignments, Punjab shall employ such consultants under
contracts using the standard form of contract for consultants'
services issued by the Bank, with such modifications as shall
have been agreed by the Association. Where no relevant standard
contract documents have been issued by the Bank, Punjab shall
use other standard forms agreed with the Association.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this
Section, the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring
prior Association review or approval of budgets, short lists,
selection procedures, letters of invitation, proposals,
evaluation reports and contracts, shall not apply to (a)
contracts for the employment of consulting firms estimated to
cost less than $100,000 equivalent each or (b) contracts for
the employment of individuals estimated to cost less than
$50,000 equivalent each. However, said exceptions to prior
Association review shall not apply to (a) the terms of
reference for such contracts, (b) single-source selection of
consulting firms, (c) assignments of a critical nature, as
reasonably determined by the Association, (d) amendments to
contracts for the employment of consulting firms raising the
contract value to $100,000 equivalent or above, or
(e) amendments to contracts for the employment of individual
Page  7
consultants raising the contract value to $50,000 equivalent or
above.
                                SCHEDULE 2
                          Implementation Program
1.    Punjab shall:
      (a)   promptly carry out a study, under terms of reference
satisfactory to the Association, of the institutional capacity
of PFD;
      (b)   by June 30, 1997 furnish to the Association, for its
comments, the findings and recommendations of such study; and
      (c)   thereafter carry out said recommendations taking into
account the Association's comments thereon.
2.    Punjab shall:
      (a)   prepare and furnish to the Association by December
31, 1995, for its comments, an action plan based on the
environmental study of the public sector timber plantations
carried out by PFD in December 1994; and
      (b)   thereafter timely carry out such action plan, taking
into account the Association's comments thereon.
3.    Punjab shall implement throughout the Project period a
phase-out program of annual reductions of seedling subsidies,
agreed with the Association, designed to eliminate seedling
subsidies and guaranteed seedling procurement by June 30, 1999.
4.    Punjab shall carry out a farm forestry training program,
agreed with the Association, for the staff of PFD and local
farmers.
5.    Punjab shall cause PFRI to develop in accordance with
guidelines satisfactory to the Association, and adopt, by
December 31, 1995, and thereafter carry out a research program
on priority areas of farm forestry.
6.    Punjab shall cause PFD to implement throughout the Project
period a program agreed with the Association for gradual
transfer of commercial nursery activities from PFD to the
private sector so that by June 30, 1999, PFD will have only
model nurseries for research and demonstration.
7.    Punjab shall cause PFD to abolish, by July 1, 1995 the
permit and tax requirements for the cutting and transport of
farm forest trees outside of its border areas, other than
permits on conifers and Acacia modesta trees which will be
maintained for environmental protection reasons.
8.    Punjab shall ensure that treatment of scrub/range land
will be implemented with the participation of local
institutions and selected organizations.
9.    Punjab shall cause PFD to carry out by June 30, 1996 a
range/scrub site selection study in accordance with terms of
reference agreed with the Association.
10.   Punjab shall cause PFD to establish, under terms of
reference satisfactory to the Association, by June 30, 1996 two
spearhead teams (micro-planning facilitators) and thereafter
carry out a training program for these two teams, PFD staff and
local farmers in participating range/scrub management.
11.   Punjab shall:
Page  8
      (a)   maintain or cause to be maintained policies and
procedures adequate to ensure the monitoring and evaluation, in
accordance with guidelines and on the basis of performance
indicators agreed with the Association, of the carrying out of
the Project and the achievement of the objectives thereof;
      (b)   prepare or cause to be prepared, under terms of
reference satisfactory to the Association, and furnish to the
Association, on or about September 30, 1998, a report
integrating the results of the monitoring and evaluation
activities performed pursuant to subparagraph (a) of this
paragraph, on the progress achieved in the carrying out of the
Project during the period preceding the date of said report and
setting out the measures recommended to ensure the efficient
carrying out of the Project during the period following such
date; and
      (c)   review with the Association, by December 31, 1998, or
such other date as may be agreed between the Borrower and the
Association, the said report and, thereafter, take or cause to
be taken all measures required to ensure the efficient
completion of the Project and the achievement of the objectives
thereof, based on the recommendations of the said report and
the Association's views on the matter.
12.   Punjab shall employ by December 31, 1995, consultants to
assist in the carrying out of the study referred to in
paragraph 1 above, in technical aspects of farm forestry
promotion and research, and in range/scrub research and
monitoring and evaluation.
13.   For the purpose of carrying out Part C.1 (ii) of the
Project, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association, for its
concurrence, proposals for the areas to be selected thereunder.
