Report No. PID9839
Project Name                     Mozambique-Communication Sector Reform (@)
Project
Region                           Africa Regional Office
Sector                           Telecommunications & Informatics;
Other Transportation
Project ID                       MZPE73479
Borrower(s)                      REPUBLIC OF MOZAMBIQUE
Implementing Agency
Address MINISTRY OF TRANSPORT AND
COMMUNICATIONS
Address: P.O. Box 275 - 336, Martires
de Inhaminga Av.
Contact Person: Mr. Joao Jorge
Tel: (+ 258) 420 233
Fax: (+258) 431 028
Environment Category             B
Date PID Prepared                June 25, 2001
Projected Appraisal Date         June 28, 2001
Projected Board Date             September 27, 2001
1. Country and Sector Background
Key Sector Issuesa. Inadequate service provision Mozambique is a large
country with an area of approximately 800,000 km2 and a population of 17.3
million. More than two thirds of the population live in absolute poverty,
and most of the poor live in the country's vast and isolated rural areas,
where infrastructure and communications are scarce. Only 3.2 percent of
rural population have a public telephone in their own village, while the
post office is available only to 2.7 percent of rural population. Even
though, air transport remains the essential vital link to various parts of
the country stretching over more than 2000 km of coast, which are prone to
natural disasters, air transport services are characterized by very
limited frequency, delays and high cost. Air transport services are thus
unable to facilitate market integration and help extremely isolated
Mozambican farmers to bring their products closer to the commercial
markets in the South.Telecommunications: Telephone service provision in
Mozambique is inadequate and uneven. Mozambique's teledensity of 0.5 main
fixed lines per 100 inhabitants (2000) is not only well below to that of
developed countries, but it is also low when compared to other African
countries with comparable geographic and economic condition. This
illustrates the difficulty of the public incumbent in keeping up with
market demand and population growth. In the end of 2000, the fixed network
had a switching capacity of about 128,000 lines from which 86,000 were in
service. There are only about 2,000 public phones. In terms of quality of
service, the network is basically fully digitalized. However, Mozambique
ranks low in Africa with 80 faults per 100 main lines (2000). The urban
areas have 99 percent of the telephone lines, while only 1,340 lines are
available in rural areas, which have a population of about 11 million.
Large areas are without any communications service, the nearest telephone



and post office is hundreds of kilometers away and 26 of country's 128
districts are without a single telephone. Mean distance to nearest
telephone and post office in rural areas is about 50 kilometers. Real
demand is estimated to be well above the official waiting list of 21,000
lines reported by TDM.Just as in other countries, since its introduction
of cellular services in 1997, subscribers have grown exponentially to
reach 62,000 in 2001. As a result of the introduction of pre-paid
services, the subscriber base grew by more than 350 percent just within
the year 2000. However, the GSM network coverage is limited to Maputo and
Beira, the main roads towards South Africa and Swaziland ("the corridor"),
Xai-Xai and Zimbabwe. This leaves about 15.7 million inhabitants
uncovered. The unsatisfied demand is estimated at least 600,000 for mobile
services by the existing cellular operator.Despite the fact that
Mozambique was the 4th country in Africa to connect to the Internet in
1994, internet subscribers are still below 10,000. There are only few
public Internet access points - three cybercenters in Maputo, a telecenter
in Manhica and another one in Namaacha. The main bottlenecks to internet
development in Mozambique remain lack of long-distance transmission
facilities, high prices of leased lines, low PC penetration, limited
computer literacy and illiteracy; high prices faced by low income users
and lack of local language content. Post: During the war many post offices
were closed and although some have been recovered during 1990's, the
number of post offices have not yet reached the pre-war level. There are
only 10 full-service post offices located in the provincial capitals, and
450 postal stations, which sell stamps and process mail throughout the
country. The number of mail items delivered per capita per year has been
stagnating around 0.4 during the period of 1997-1999, which is low
compared to international standards (7 in Morocco and 650 in the USA). The
official figure on average national mail delivery is three days, but
increases to seven days during the rainy season due to poor road network
worsened by floods. In rural areas the delivery times might be much
longer. Air Transport: To date, Mozambique cannot rely on its air
transport system to meet the country's specific needs in terms of (i)
helping effectively capture significant tourism flows estimated to reach
US$52 billion by 2010 region-wide, a sector which already represent 40
percent of the country's GDP; (ii) facilitating national market
integration, in particular foster trade in agriculture, a sector targeted
for its poverty reducing potential; and (iii) linking remote rural areas
of the country. The inability of current air transport provision to meet
demand from above-mentioned sectors is reflected in long passenger
waitlist and the very low level of air traffic being handled by the 19
airports managed by ADM, 700,000 passengers and 6,500 tons of freight in
1999. Traffic growth is expected to be 7 percent whereas with Mozambique
GDP growth levels, air traffic growth should be at least twice or three
times these levels.Air services provision is characterized as uneven, of
questionable quality and extremely expensive. Three international airports
Maputo, Beira, and Nampula handle the majority (80%) of traffic, whereas
the rest is split among the various sixteen principal airports. Maputo
alone accounted in 1999 for approximately 400,000 passengers. These
traffic levels are much lower than the minimum volumes for efficient air
transport infrastructure and operations. Although, Maputo is the biggest
airport of the country, there is room to reach generally accepted economic
threshold volume of 1 million passengers for an airport. Mozambican
airports are primarily single-carrier airports as they are served by one
carrier LAM, operating under exclusivity rights in a network primarily
-2 -



domestic and regional. Most national airports are affected by the limited
frequency and high cost of service of the national carrier, resulting from
operations of an expensive fleet and the lack of strategic alliance to
spread fixed costs, marketing and information systems, and upgrade
operations. Traffic volume is also affected by the fact that aeronautical
fees charged at Maputo International Airport (MIA) are substantially
higher (US$ 72 per passenger) than competing airports: Johannesburg (US$
29.95), Harare (US$ 49.57) or Lilongwe (US$ 54). In comparison with other
airports, ADM relies heavily on aeronautical charges (landing, runways,
aircraft parking and passengers fees) for its revenues (94 percent). The
current trend for airports worldwide is to increase the landside charges
(commercial revenues from boutiques, malls, office leasing, car parking
etc.) which are less price sensitive and decrease aeronautical revenues to
increase airport competitiveness in attracting airlines. As a result of
this poor quality of service, there is a risk of international and
regional traffic being further diverted to other destinations and the
region hub-and-spoke airport Johannesburg (where 11 million passengers can
make up to 30 connections a day) instead of feeding the domestic market
with increased traffic flows which will ultimately result in spreading
fixed costs and improved affordability of services. b. Weak legal
framework and regulatory capacityLegal and regulatory arrangements have
not been conducive for effective development of the telecommunications,
postal and air transport sectors. Liberalization and market entry has been
slow and limited to few market segments such as internet, express mail or
non scheduled flights on selected domestic routes. In addition, the newly
established regulators, Instituto Nacional das Comunica6yAes de Mo6ambique
(INCM) for telecommunications and post; and the Civil Aviation Authority
(INAC) for air transport are inexperienced in effectively regulating
sectors in which private participation is sought. In particular, they lack
a degree of independence, as well as financial and human capacity to
effectively oversee multi-operator sectors.Telecommunications: In November
1999, the Assembly passed Law 14/99 on telecommunications to accelerate
the modernization and liberalization of the sector. The law abolishes
restrictions on foreign participation and opens the way for the
privatization of Telecomunicacoes de Mocambique (TDM). The law also
establishes Instituto Nacional das Comunica6yAes de Mo6ambique (INCM) as a
separate agency from MTC (created earlier by Law 22/92 as a department of
MTC) and grants it financial and administrative autonomy. However, the law
fails to provide sufficient clarity about INCM's independence, statute and
organization in order to assure that policy and regulatory functions are
truly separated. In addition, while the law opens the mobile segment to
competition, it provides for a "transitional" monopoly on fixed and
international services to TDM until its privatization and for a minimum of
5-year period after that. Furthermore, its treatment of some vital issues
including price regulation, licensing and convergence of technologies and
markets is not satisfactory.Key secondary legislation, which is critical
to establish a comprehensive legal and regulatory framework still needs to
be prepared. The Government has already drafted, although not yet
finalized decrees relating to: (i) organization and functioning of INCM,
(ii) interconnection and (iii) access. Other secondary legislation
relating to (iv) licensing, (v) tariffs, (vi) dispute resolution, (vii)
universal service, (viii) frequency spectrum management and frequency
fees, and (ix) numbering still needs to be prepared.Following its
establishment, INCM undertook an evaluation of spectrum use and prepared a
detailed frequency spectrum allocation plan. However, the current
-3 -



frequency allocation is inappropriate for a competitive market environment
as the mobile operator, TDM uses 50 percent of the allocated frequencies
in the 900 and 1800 MgHZ band. A new frequency management system is
necessary to free spectrum for the new mobile operators and equipment is
needed to monitor its use.INCM lacks financial, human and technical
resources to effectively carry out its mission. The regulator estimates
its annual budget needs to be around US$ 2 million per year, but currently
INCM's only source of revenue is a yearly contribution from TDM in the
amount of approximately US$ 0.6 million. INCM's budget needs to be
reviewed and sources of funding secured if the regulator is to become
financially independent. While INCM has inherited excessive staffing from
the Ministry, it lacks staff with telecommunications and postal regulation
expertise. Training and assistance is much needed.Post: In 1982, postal
services were separated from telecommunications and in 1992, Decree 24/92
transformed the Post to a state owned company, "Correios de MoCambique"
(CM). However, no Law governing the postal sector has been prepared. INMC
was established at the same time to regulate both postal and
telecommunications sectors, but it has no postal expertise among its
staff. A proper postal legal framework and regulatory capacity need to be
developed if the sector is to open up to competition and attract private
capital into service provision.Air transport: In 1996, GOM adopted a
Transport Policy aimed at introducing competition in the Air Transport
sector. The legislation was later completed with a set of regulations in
August 1998 organizing the sector as follows: Airport management was
entrusted to ADM which was incorporated as a limited liability company.
LAM was restructured as a limited liability company and granted a 5-year
monopoly as a transition to privatization. This transformation was a
reflection of the withdrawal of the State from commercial functions and
part of the Government's overall program of restructuring and
privatization of the air transport sector. Regulations pertaining to
safety and aircraft/carriers licensing were only partially developed. On
technical regulation, legislation was enacted to set up a new civil
aviation authority in charge of overseeing compliance to technical
standards. Safety procedures were updated with new procedures in line with
international technical and safety standards. However, actual
operationalization of the civil aviation authority and technical
procedures has not taken place yet. The key barriers to entry remain on
the economic regulation side where series of government authorization and
approvals are required for route allocation, licensing procedures, fare
setting and revisions. The bureaucratic approval process significantly
impedes entry into the sector. Despite initial efforts towards
commercialization of airport and airline operations and setting up of
safety regulations, the impact of initial efforts towards liberalization
has not been felt primarily because of the web of economic regulations and
tedious approval process and LAM's dominant position. These barriers to
entry have neither been conducive to traffic development, as illustrated
by current declining trends in the sector and financial difficulty of the
main carrier, nor are they in line with GOM's stated objective of rapid
expansion of efficient services. To effectively promote these objectives,
legislation and regulation need to be enacted to (i) remove all obstacles
to licensing charters, carriers and aircrafts; (ii) clarify responsibility
of each player in the sector and strengthen their oversight ability; (iii)
clearly define financing mechanisms for a sustainable development of air
navigation services, air services and critical airport network and social
routes. The trend worldwide is towards the adoption of open sky agreements
- 4 -



whereby one country (unilateral Open Sky as the united Arab Emirates,
Singapore), two countries or a set of countries (EU, Mercosur, NAFTA)
agree to lift all restrictions on the number of carriers, number of
frequencies and type of aircraft. The Africa Region has also joined the
worldwide trend by adopting last year, under the Yamoussokro Declaration,
a region-wide Open Sky initiative calling for lifting of flight
restrictions (number of carriers, frequencies) within the African
continent according to a phased implementation schedule. Mozambique air
transport legislation need to be amended to reflect this far reaching
continent reform, and to allow the set up of an environment which will
allow Mozambican air transport to take advantages of the opportunities of
this bigger market.c. Lack of competition, private investment and
know-howRestrictive legislation and weak regulatory capacity inhibit
competitive entry into most of Mozambique's communications, postal and air
transport market. At the same time, the incumbent operators have failed to
provide satisfactory service and are increasingly facing highly
competitive environment abroad (e.g. TDM's highly priced international
telephony service from countries with lower tariffs, Maputo International
Airport from the Johannesburg hub) and substitution at home (e.g. internet
telephony, private courier services or the new Maputo-Johannesburg road)
due to lack of commercial management and sufficient
capital.Telecommunications: The dominance of the incumbent on practically
all segments of the sector constitute a significant barrier to entry for
other operators. TelecomunicaO3Aes de Mo6ambique (TDM), the 100 percent
state owned operator, is the sole provider of local, long distance and
international fixed telephony services in Mozambique. TDM is also the only
provider of mobile services in Mozambique through an informal ten year
management arrangement (not license) with a joint venture
TelecomminicaO3Aes M6veis de Mo6ambique (TMM) operated by Detecon (assets
are 100 percent TDM owned). In addition, TDM has joint ventures in line
installation and maintenance (Televisa is 50 percent owned by Visabeira, a
Portugese holding company), in cable TV (TVCabo is 50 percent owned by
Visabeira), as well as in data, internet, paging and VSAT services
(Teledata, the largest commercial Internet service provider, is 50 percent
owned Portugal Telecom International).Post: The Post is still a monopoly
except for courier services which have been liberalized. The Post faces
increasing difficulty in retaining its already reduced market share (20
percent) in this profitable market segment; and despite the Post's
exclusive right to deliver basic service, some competitors have started
providing regular mail services. At the same time, the 100 percent state
owned postal operator lacks resources to finance crucial technological
improvements or the introduction of new services. Currently, only few of
the post offices provide new products such as public telephone, fax,
e-mail or financial services, such as money-wiring and government payment
delivery (e.g. pensions). In 1999, the Post had carried out a study
(financed by the Universal Postal Union) focusing on the development of
new services to keep up with rising competition and allow the post to
become commercially viable but there have not been enough funds available
for implementing the recommendations.Air transport: LAM, the national
carrier is in a dominant position, as the quasi sole provider of air
services within the country and offering a whole range of services through
joint ventures on an exclusive basis (groundhandling services,
maintenance). In comparison to other airlines, though, it has very limited
market presence in the region to capture premium traffic from regional and
international travellers. Without strategic alliance to a major airline
- 5-



group, the airline does not benefit from economies of scale as a feeder to
other international or charter airlines. It does not benefit either from
economies of scope in terms of marketing, information and reservation
systems, frequent flyer programs and other electronic commerce amenities
which today's travelers are looking for when selecting an airline. These
resulting high costs of operations make it impossible to face competition
and attract more traffic. As a result, LAM is currently in financial
distress and unable to finance critically needed investments to support
development of air services in line with growing demand.Finally, there is
no hub and spoke airport in the country to feed in traffic connections
from international and regional airports both in and through Mozambique.
In addition, MIA operates in a very competitive environment with the
proximity of several international airports and a hub in Johannesburg
located within a radius of less than 200 km from Maputo.The impact of
these barriers on traffic development is best illustrated by a comparison
of yield per mile for various destinations. It costs US$0.7 /mile to fly
from Europe to Maputo compared to the US$0.3 from Europe to Asia and
US$0.4 - 0.5 from Europe to West Africa and South Africa. Unless specific
actions are taken to liberalize the sector effectively, there is a risk of
traffic being further diverted to neighboring competing tourists
destinations with less restrictive regulations and airports infrastructure
under expansion.Government StrategyTelecommunication: The Ministry of
Transport and Communication (MTC) is in the process of developing a new
telecommunication policy, that will be guided by the following main
principles: (i) promotion of competition to meet growing demand through
the liberalization of the telecommunications market and awarding new
mobile telephony licenses, (ii) ensuring that the government divests its
interest in the state-owned telecommunication entity, TelecomunicaO3Aes de
Mozambique (TDM); and (ii) promoting universal access to communications
services. The Government is also committed to enact necessary laws and
regulations in support of the implementation of the telecommunication
policy and to ensure effective competition and strong and independent
sector regulation. A draft letter of sector policy embodying these
underlying principals has already been prepared.Information and
Communications Technologies: An Information and Communications
Technologies (ICT) Committee has been established under the chairmanship
of the Prime Minister to prepare a national ICT strategy for Mozambique.
The draft strategy prepared highlights six priority areas: education,
health, human resources, universal access, information infrastructure and
government, in which coordinated public-private action is needed to foster
ICT use and development. The draft strategy will be presented at a
conference in September 2001 bringing together various partners in the
area.Post: MTC intends to define a new postal sector strategy to ensure
that the postal network and accessibility to postal services is improved,
while at the same time taking the opportunity to develop new services
(e-mail, marketing or financial services) to allow commercial viability of
the postal entity in an open environment. Different options of private
entry (e.g. through private partnerships, management contract,
concessioning) into the main postal operator will also be considered to
bring private capital, management skills, technology and know how into the
currently inefficient entity.Air Transport: MTC plans to develop a new air
transport policy to effectively improve access to efficient air services.
Under the umbrella of regional Open Sky framework, the main principles of
the new policy will be to evolve the sector from its current regulated
structure to one that will allow the sector to expand and align Mozambican
- 6 -



air transport to the key drivers of competitiveness in air transport
worldwide. The Government has announced its intention to (i) promote
immediate liberalization of the skies; (ii) promote private-sector led
competition and investments to upgrade air services, air navigation
services and airport infrastructure to meet fast growing demand (iii)
privatize the main carrier and airports to attract traffic flows and
reduce tariff, and; (iv) provide expanded access throughout the country
for social routes. The Government will adopt a new air transport policy
and enact key legislation to accelerate the passing of an Open Sky policy
and set up strong autonomous supervisory bodies and financing mechanisms
for sustainable and safe air transport development.
2. Objectives
The project objective is to improve access to and quality of efficient and
affordable communications services through creating an enabling
environment for competition and private participation in key sectors
deemed critical to facilitate national and regional market integration
i.e. telecommunications, postal and air transport infrastructure and
services.
3. Rationale for Bank's Involvement
The Bank is uniquely placed to assist GOM in the provision of support for
its planned telecommunication, postal and air transport reform program,
given its: (a) experience in the process of regulatory reform, and in
promoting private sector participation in the telecommunication, postal
and air transport sectors, and in setting up of accompanying legal and
institutional regulatory framework; (b) regional role, particularly
through its support to SADC in coordination with other donors to ensure
that national reforms in the telecommunication, postal and air transport
sectors are in harmony with broader regional objectives; (c) extensive
knowledge and experience in privatization of government undertakings in
IDA countries and its expertise in designing reform programs encouraging
both foreign direct and local investments (d) its proven catalytic role in
mobilizing private investment in telecommunications infrastructure and
services in remote areas through injecting limited seed money into
universal access funds.The involvement of IDA provides a renewed
confidence in GOM's commitment to establish a viable framework for sector
reforms and enforce the legal regulations necessary to bring about benefit
for the country's overall development. Private sector participants, in
such large scale infrastructure projects, would look favorably towards
IDA's support so that there is constructive partnership between the
government undertaking and the private sponsor. This partnership will
allow sharing of risks and responsibilities within a well positioned
framework defined by the government itself. In the context of adverse
global investment climate, and possible adverse consequences on foreign
direct investment, IDA experience and large array of products in risk
mitigation can be quickly deployed to reaffirm GOM commitment and
encourage private participation. The importance of IDA portfolio in
Mozambique and the strategic focus provided by the Country Team will bring
invaluable benefits in articulating a liberalization and privatization
program of the telecoms, post and air transport sectors consistent with
broader policy reforms and building as well on several linkages,
particularly in terms of growth and poverty alleviation; fiscal policy;
public expenditure program; and environment mitigation. Finally, the
composition of the team, which draws on the multi-country and multi-region
-7 -



expertise of staff with in depth experience in regional departments and
coming from global practices uniquely places IDA in a position to respond
to GOM's request for assistance with a pool of staff which can be flexibly
deployed.
4. Description
The project will have three major components, each assisting a reform
process in telecommunications, post and air transport sectors,
respectively. In addition, the project will assist in strengthening
project management, procurement and financial management capacity to
ensure effective project implementation.
1. Telecommunication sector reform
2. Postal sector reform
3. Air transport sector reform
4. Project management and implementation
5. PPF refinancing
5. Financing
Total ( US$m)
BORROWER                 1.30
IDA                      12.30
Total Project Cost       13.6
6. Implementation
Implementation Period: The project will be implemented over a four year
period from January 1, 2002 to December 31, 2005.Implementing Agency: The
implementing agency will be the Ministry of Transport and Communications
(MTC).    Project Administration: A task force has been formed at the
Ministry of Transport and Communications to oversee the implementation of
the sector reform programs, and consists of a group of experts from the
various agencies involved: MTC, INCM, UGPTC and INAC. In terms of
fiduciary responsibilities, this task force will be supported by the
existing Gabinete de Projectos MarUtimos (GAPROMAR) department at MTC,
recently transformed into Unidade de Gestao dos Projectos de Transporte e
Communica6yAes (UGPTC). The UGPTC, reporting directly to the Minister, is
currently responsible for the preparation and implementation of all
donor-funded transport and communications projects executed under the MTC,
and it is staffed with a Manager assisted by an economist, an accountant,
a translator and an administrative assistant. A senior-level staff from
UGPTC will be part of the task force, in order to ensure smooth
coordination between the agreed implementation strategy, the technical
aspects of the project and the procurement and financial management
activities.Procurement and Financial Management: The UGPTC has already
been providing support for the implementation of several of MTC's
Bank-funded projects, such as the Roads and Coastal Shipping project
(ROC1) and most recently the Rail and Port Restructuring Project (RPRP);
and has developed some procurement and financial management capacity.
Additional assistance to strengthen project and financial management, as
well as procurement capacity is envisaged under the RPRP project. Outside
consultants are being recruited to assist the UGPTC in (i) preparing a
study looking at overall donor assistance to Mozambique in the field of
transport and communications and managed by the MTC, (ii) providing as
needed, legal, technical, financial and economic assistance, (iii)
building capacity in project management and procurement, (iv) carrying out
the accounting for the RPRP project and (v) setting up a financial
- 8 -



management system satisfactory to IDA, with the necessary improvements to
be able to use Project management Reports as a basis for disbursement, in
a period of 18 months. The Terms of Reference of the consultancies
emphasize training of the economist, accountant and procurement of UGPTC,
who should be able to become fully responsible within two years.Under the
supervision of the Chief of the Finance Department of MTC, the Project
Accountant will be responsible for ensuring that financial management and
reporting procedures will be acceptable to the Government, the World Bank,
and other Cooperating Partners.Monitoring and evaluation: The task force
chairperson will be responsible for monitoring progress via performance
indicators. Monitoring and evaluation will be guided by the Project Design
Summary in Annex 1 and the Project Implementation Plan. The Project
Implementation Plan will specify reporting responsibilities for each
component, and will require the generation and submission to the Bank of
quarterly progress reports.
7. Sustainability
By developing a competitive framework for market-based telecommunications,
postal and air transport service provision, the project will help
accelerate investment and improve service levels by new private
operators. Incentives to sustain project objectives include codification
of rights and obligations of the incumbent and new operators, not only in
legislation and decrees, but also in licenses. Improved service coverage
and quality at more competitive prices will be sustained as private
investment grows in both infrastructure and services. Empowering the new
regulatory authorities to charge levies and fees on operators will enable
regulatory functions to be sustained without dependence on budgetary
support.The project involves substantial risks despite inclusion in the
project design of stakeholder feedback and lessons from other reform
programs. The most important risk relate to political pressure from
various stakeholders resulting in weakening GOM commitment. Fear of
foreign domination and resistance of local groups with vested interests
may result in a slow down of reform pace and reduce transparency. In
addition, weak implementation capacity increases the risk of discretionary
process. These risks are being mitigated upfront by adoption and
implementation of clear regulatory frameworks for each sector, precise
procedures for the selection of private entrants with objective and clear
selection and evaluation criteria, requirement for public disclosure of
evaluation results and launch of communications campaign.
8. Lessons learned from past operations in the country/sector
The following lessons were learned and reflected in the project design
from:a. Other telecommunication, postal and air transport restructuring
and privatization projects around the world:A clear and reliable
regulatory framework, is a prerequisite to attract private investment into
these sectors.The establishment of a self-financed and effective
regulatory entities to prepare recommendations for new
licenses/authorizations, solve disputes among operators and service
providers, and protect consumer interest, is essential for the development
of efficient competitive markets.The policy for the telecommunications
sector should include a set of incentives to promote access to services to
remote populations and to improve the affordability of services to the
poor in both rural and urban areas.The implementation of a comprehensive
air transport reform covering all interdependent subcomponents of the
sector is critical in ensuring the promotion of safe and sustainable air
- 9-



transport services. Liberalization of economic regulation should be
accompanied by airport upgrading to avoid bottleneck at entry point for
new carriers, simultaneously safety procedures and air navigation services
need to be improved b. Other infrastructure and/or privatization projects
in Mozambique:Examining the experience of the railway privatization (RPRP
project), and in specific the delays and complexity of the retrenchment
issues, it was decided that (i) a social assessment may be carried out
within the scope of this small technical assistance operation, but (ii)
actual compensations, if necessary, will be supported by the structural
adjustment credit under preparation (EMPSO) .Experience in the energy
sector (UHEP project) with licensing independent rural operators and
allowing them to charge cost-effective tariffs (higher than the uniform
tariff offered by the incumbent) has so far indicated that people were
able to pay the higher tariffs, and that access stimulated new demand.
Under the rural and universal access component of this project several
institutional options will be examined to leverage on existing demand and
bring services to remote areas.
9. Program of Targeted Intervention (PTI)    N
10. Environment Aspects (including any public consultation)
Issues    :   This is a communications sector restructuring
technical assistance project, which mainly involves policy, legal and
regulatory and institution-building work in the field of
telecommunications, post and air transport. The privatization of the
telecommunications company (TDM), the national airline (LAM) and the
concessioning of the Maputo airport supported by the project may raise
question of responsibility for pre-existing liabilities. This aspect will
be studied during an environmental pre-audit. The current environmental
legislation in Mozambique is mostly in line with the World Bank
guidelines. However, the legislation does not cover the issue of transfer
of pre-existing environmental liabilities at privatization. The Government
has agreed to ensure that, during the privatization transaction, an
agreement be reached between the former owner and the strategic investor
regarding (i) sharing of responsibilities, (ii) institutional
arrangements, (iii) costs and (iv) time frame for addressing pre-existing
environmental liabilities. In addition, the environmental pre-audit will
identify any gaps between WB environmental policies and legislation in
Mozambique relevant to this project.
11. Contact Point:
Task Manager
Mohammad A. Mustafa
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington D.C. 20433
Telephone:  (202) 473-4296
Fax:  (202) 522-3001
12. For information on other project related documents contact:
The InfoShop
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, D.C. 20433
- 10 -



Telephone: (202) 458-5454
Fax:        (202) 522-1500
Web: http:// www.worldbank.org/infoshop
Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain components may
not be necessarily included in the final project.
- 11 -



