Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                    LOAN NUMBER 3239 IN
        (Private Power Utilities (TEC) Project)
                        between
                         INDIA
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                 Dated October 3, 1990
                                    LOAN NUMBER 3239 IN
                  GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated October 3, 1990, between INDIA,
acting by its President (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL
BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
     WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and The Tata Hydro-
Electric Power Supply Company Limited, The Andhra Valley
Power Supply Company Limited and The Tata Power Company
Limited (the Borrowers), having been satisfied as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in
Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, have requested the Bank
to assist in the financing of the Project; and
     (B)  by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Bank and the Borrowers, the Bank has agreed
to extend to the Borrowers a loan in various currencies
equivalent to ninety-eight million dollars ($98,000,000),
on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that the Guarantor agree
Page  2
to guarantee the obligations of the Borrowers in respect
of such loan as provided in this Agreement; and
     WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the
Bank's entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrow-
ers, has agreed so to guarantee such obligations of the
Borrowers;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January
1, 1985, with the modifications set forth in the Loan
Agreement (the General Conditions), constitute an
integral part of this Agreement.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions and
in the Preamble to and Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement
have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                      ARTICLE II
                       Guarantee
     Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment
to the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule
2 to the Loan Agreement, and, to this end, hereby
unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not as
surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the
principal of, and interest and other charges on, the
Loan, and the premium, if any, on the prepayment of the
Loan, all as set forth in the Loan Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
                    Other Covenants
     Section 3.01. The Guarantor shall not take, or cause
or permit any of its constituent States and union
Territories or any agency of any such constituent States
and union Territories to take, any action which would
prevent or interfere with the performance by the Borrow-
ers of their obligations contained in the Loan Agreement
and will take or cause to be taken all reasonable action
necessary or appropriate to enable the Borrowers to
perform such obligations.
     Section 3.02. The Guarantor shall enter into an
agreement satisfactory to the Bank, with the Borrowers
for the payment by the Borrowers of a guarantee fee of
two and three-fourths percent (2-3/4%) per annum to the
Guarantor on the principal amounts of the Loan withdrawn
and outstanding from time to time.
     Section 3.03. The Guarantor shall take all steps
necessary to ensure that the State of Maharashtra shall:
(i) not take, or cause or permit to be taken, any action
which would have the effect of delimiting the Borrowers'
licensed area of supply in such a manner as to adversely
affect the Borrowers' operational performance and
financial position at least up to September 15, 2010 the
last maturity date of the Loan; (ii) not later than June
30, 1991, extend the validity of the Licenses at least up
to September 15, 2010 the last maturity date of the Loan;
and (iii) continue to allow the Borrowers the current
practice of collecting certain special appropriations as
Page  3
are permissible under the Electricity Act.
     Section 3.04. The creation of an equitable mortgage
and, if required, the Trust Deed, shall be free from any
taxes (including stamp duty and fees) that shall be
levied under the laws of the Guarantor or its constituent
States or union Territories on or in connection with the
execution, issue, delivery or registration thereof.
     Section 3.05. The Guarantor shall take or cause to
be taken all such action as shall be necessary to ensure
the availability of adequate supplies of suitable fuel
for the economic operation of the combined cycle generat-
ing scheme to be constructed under Part C of the Project.
                      ARTICLE IV
      Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
     Section 4.01. Any Secretary, Additional Secretary,
Joint Secretary, Director, Deputy Secretary and Under
Secretary of the Guarantor is designated as representa-
tive of the Guarantor for the purposes of Section 11.03
of the General Conditions.
     Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Condi-
tions:
     For the Guarantor:
          The Secretary to the Government of India
          Ministry of Finance
          Department of Economic Affairs
          New Delhi
          India
          Cable address:           Telex:
               ECOFAIRS              953-3166175
               New Delhi
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
               Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INTBAFRAD              82987 (FTCC)
               Washington, D.C.       197688 (TRT)
                                      248423 (RCA) or
                                      64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         INDIA
                         By /s/ Prem Singh
                              Authorized Representative
Page  4
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                         RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ Attila Karaosmanoglu
                                Regional Vice President
                                                   Asia
