Page  1
                                        CONFORMED COPY
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2845 IN
                   Project Agreement
            (Talcher Thermal Power Project)
                        between
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                          and
      NATIONAL THERMAL POWER CORPORATION LIMITED
                Dated December 21, 1987
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2845 IN
                   PROJECT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated December 21, 1987, between
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank) and NATIONAL THERMAL POWER CORPORATION LIMITED
(NTPC).
     WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date
herewith between India, acting by its President (the
Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank has agreed to make
available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies
equivalent to three hundred seventy-five million dollars
($375,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in
the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that NTPC agree
to undertake such obligations toward the Bank as are set
forth in this Agreement;
     (B)  by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered
into between the Borrower and NTPC, the proceeds of the
loan provided for under the Loan Agreement will be made
available to NTPC on the terms and conditions set forth
in said Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
     WHEREAS NTPC, in consideration of the Bank's
entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has
agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in this
Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
Page  2
                      Definitions
     Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and the General Conditions (as
so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                      ARTICLE II
               Execution of the Project
     Section 2.01. NTPC declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to
the Loan Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the
Project with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate administrative, financial,
engineering and public utility practices, and shall
provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for the Project.
     Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for the Project and to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the
provisions of the Schedule to this Agreement.
     Section 2.03. NTPC shall carry out the obligations
set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and
9.09 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance,
use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records
and reports, maintenance and land acquisition,
respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement.
     Section 2.04. NTPC shall duly perform all its
obligations under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except
as the Bank shall otherwise agree, NTPC shall not take or
concur in any action which would have the effect of
amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the Subsidiary
Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
     Section 2.05. (a) NTPC shall, at the request of the
Bank, exchange views with the Bank with regard to
progress of the Project, the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary
Loan Agreement, and other matters relating to the
purposes of the Loan.
     (b)  NTPC shall promptly inform the Bank of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with
the progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the
purposes of the Loan, or the performance by NTPC of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary
Loan Agreement.
     Section 2.06. NTPC shall take all measures necessary
to ensure that the execution and operation of the Project
is carried out with due regard to ecological and
environmental factors, and shall comply with the
environmental quality standards prescribed by the
Borrower.
     Section 2.07. NTPC shall, by December 31, 1987,
furnish to the Bank a satisfactory resettlement and
rehabilitation plan for those people who are currently
residing on the land acquired or to be acquired for the
Project, or shall be displaced by such acquisition, and
shall, in cooperation with the concerned government
authorities, implement said plan.
Page  3
                      ARTICLE III
           Management and Operations of NTPC
     Section 3.01. NTPC shall carry out its operations
and conduct its affairs in accordance with sound
administrative, financial and public utility practices
under the supervision of qualified and experienced
management assisted by competent staff in adequate
numbers.
     Section 3.02. (a) NTPC shall at all times operate
and maintain its plant, machinery, equipment and other
property, and from time to time, promptly as needed, make
all necessary repairs and renewals thereof, all in
accordance with sound engineering, financial and public
utility practices.
     (b)  Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, NTPC
shall not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of
its property or assets required for the efficient
operation of its business and undertaking.
     Section 3.03. NTPC shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision
satisfactory to the Bank for, insurance against such
risks and in such amounts as shall be consistent with
appropriate practice.
     Section 3.04. NTPC shall, not later than one year
prior to the commissioning of the power station under the
Project, enter into contractual arrangements with the
appropriate authorities for the supply of coal for the
operation of facilities installed under the Project,
provided, however that any proposed contract for making
said arrangements shall be furnished to the Bank for
prior review and comment.
     Section 3.05. NTPC shall complete all surveys and
collect necessary data, and make a formal application to
the appropriate authorities by March 31, 1988 to obtain
clearance required under the Forests (Conservation) Act,
1980 of the Borrower for the purposes of installation of
transmission lines under the Project.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) NTPC shall maintain records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices its operations and financial
condition.
     (b)  NTPC shall:
          (i)  have its records, accounts and financial
               statements (balance sheets, statements of
               income and expenses and related
               statements) \1aor each fiscal year audited,
               in accordance with appropriate auditing
               principles consistently applied,  by
               independent auditors acceptable to the
               Bank;
          (ii) furnish to the Bank as soon as available,
               but in any case not later than seven
               months after the end of each such year,
               (A) certified copies of its financial
               statements for such year as so audited
               and (B) the report of such audit by said
               auditors of such scope and in such detail
Page  4
               as the Bank shall have reasonably
               requested; and
          (iii)     furnish to the Bank such other
                    information concerning said records,
                    accounts and financial statements as
                    well as the audit thereof, as the
                    Bank shall from time to time
                    reasonably request.
     Section 4.02. NTPC shall take all steps necessary to
maintain its accounts receivable at a level not exceeding
an amount equivalent to the proceeds of its sales of
power for the two preceding months.
     Section 4.03. (a) Except as shall be otherwise
agreed between the Bank and NTPC, NTPC shall set tariffs
and conduct its operations and affairs in such manner as
to achieve:
          (i)  an annual rate of return of not less than
               7% in its fiscal years through 1989/90;
          (ii) an annual rate of return of not less than
               9-1/2% in its fiscal years 1990/91
               through 1994/95; and
          (iii)     thereafter, annual rates of return
                    satisfactory to ensure the financial
                    viability of NTPC.
     (b)  For the purpose of paragraph (a) of this
Section, the annual rate of return for any financial year
shall be calculated by expressing the operating income
for the particular financial year as a percentage of the
average of the capital base at the beginning and end of
such financial year. For the purposes of the foregoing:
          (i)  "operating income" means total operating
               revenues from the sale of electricity and
               from other services incidental thereto,
               less all administration, operating and
               maintenance expenses, adequate provision
               for depreciation, and taxes (including
               income taxes), but excluding interest and
               other charges on debt; and
          (ii) "capital base" means the sum of (A) the
               gross book value of fixed assets in
               operation, and (B) the cost of intangible
               assets, less the amount of accumulated
               accrued depreciation.
     (c)  For the purposes of paragraph (b) of this
Section, "depreciation" shall be calculated using the
straight-line method on the value of depreciable fixed
assets in service.
                       ARTICLE V
             Effective Date; Termination;
              Cancellation and Suspension
     Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Loan Agreement
becomes effective.
     Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of
the Bank and of NTPC thereunder shall terminate on the
date on which the Loan Agreement shall terminate in
accordance with its terms, and the Bank shall promptly
notify NTPC thereof.
Page  5
     Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VI
               Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
               Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:
               INTBAFRAD
               Washington, D.C.
     For NTPC:
          National Thermal Power Corporation Limited
          62-63 Nehru Place, NTPC Square
          New Delhi, 110019, India
          Cable address:
               THERMPOWER
               New Delhi
     Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of NTPC may be
taken or executed by its Chairman and Managing Director
or such other person or persons as NTPC shall designate
in writing, and NTPC shall furnish to the Bank sufficient
evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
     Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
Page  6
               By /s/ B. Alisbah
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                                                   Asia
               NATIONAL THERMAL POWER CORPORATION LIMITED
               By /s/ N. Misra
                              Authorized Representative
                       SCHEDULE
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.     Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
1.   Goods shall be procured under contracts awarded in
accordance with procedures consistent with those set
forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published
by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.   Associated civil works and erection may form part of
the contracts for certain packages.
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A.1 hereof, goods
manufactured in India may be granted a margin of
preference in accordance with, and subject to, the
provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines
and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each contract estimated to cost
the equivalent of $3,500,000 or more, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract
are to be made out of the Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished
to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be
furnished to the Bank prior to the making of the first
payment out of the Special Account in respect of such
contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, said procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of such
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3
shall be furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to
be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to the
Loan Agreement.
2.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Page  7
Section II. Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist NTPC in carrying out the Project,
NTPC shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall
be satisfactory to the Bank. Such consultants shall be
selected in accordance with principles and procedures
satisfactory to the Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by
the World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank
in August 1981.
