                                                    CONFORMED COPY




                                               LOAN NUMBER 3094 IN
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3095 IN




            (Electronics Industry Development Project)


                              between


                               INDIA


                                and


               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT




                        Dated July 7, 1989


                                               LOAN NUMBER 3094 IN
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3095 IN

                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT

     AGREEMENT, dated July 7, 1989, between INDIA, acting by its
President   (the   Guarantor)    and    INTERNATIONAL BANK   FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).

     WHEREAS: (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Bank and the Industrial Credit and Investment Corpora-
tion of India Limited (ICICI), the Bank has agreed to extend to
the Borrower for the purposes of Part A of the Project a loan in
various currencies equivalent to $101,000,000, on the terms and
conditions set forth in that Loan Agreement, but only on condition
that the Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of ICICI in
respect of such loan as provided in this Agreement;

     (B) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI), the Bank
has agreed to extend to the Borrower for the purposes of Part B of
the Project a     loan   in   various   currencies equivalent to
$101,000,000, on the terms and conditions set forth in that Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that the Guarantor agree to guar-
antee the obligations of IDBI in respect of such loan as provided
in this Agreement; and

     WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's enter-
ing into said Loan Agreements with ICICI and IDBI, has agreed so
to guarantee such obligations of ICICI and IDBI;

     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

                             ARTICLE I

                  General Conditions; Definitions

      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General Conditions)
constitute an integral part of this Agreement, provided however
that:

     (a) the term "Borrower" shall be     read   to refer to ICICI or
IDBI, as the case may be;

     (b) the term "Loan Agreement" shall be read to refer to
either Loan Agreement described in the Preamble to this Agreement,
as the case may be;

     (c) the term "Loan" shall be read to refer to the Loan made
under either of the Loan Agreements, as the case may be; and

     (d) the term "Loan Account" shall be read to refer to the
Loan Account to which either of the Loans is credited, as the case
may be.

     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions, in the Preamble
to this Agreement and in Section 1.02 of either of the Loan Agree-
ments have the respective meanings therein set forth.

                            ARTICLE II

                             Guarantee

     Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
respective Loan Agreements, and, to this end, without limitation
or restriction upon any of its other obligations under the Guaran-
tee Agreement, the Guarantor hereby unconditionally guarantees, as
primary obligor and not as surety merely, the due and punctual
payment of the principal of, and interest and other charges on,
each Loan, and the premium, if any, on the prepayment of each
Loan, and the punctual performance of all the other obligations of
each of ICICI and IDBI, all as set forth in their respective Loan
Agreements.

                            ARTICLE III
            Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses

     Section 3.01. Any Secretary, Additional Secretary, Joint
Secretary, Director, Deputy Secretary or Under Secretary in the
Ministry of Finance, Department of Economic Affairs of the Guaran-
tor is designated as representative of the Guarantor for the pur-
poses of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.

     Section 3.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:


     For the Guarantor:
         The Secretary to the Government of India
         Ministry of Finance
         Department of Economic Affairs
         New Delhi, India

         Cable address:                    Telex:

              ECOFAIRS                          953-313546
              New Delhi

    For the Bank:

         International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
         1818 H Street, N.W.
         Washington, D.C. 20433
         United States of America

         Cable address:                    Telex:

              INTBAFRAD                        440098 (ITT)
              Washington, D.C.                 248423 (RCA) or
                                               64145 (WUI)


     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia,
United States of America, as of the day and year first above
written.



                    INDIA



                    By /s/ Anil Kumar
                                        Authorized Representative




                    INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                       RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT



                    By /s/ Bilsel Alisbah
                                   Acting Regional Vice President
                                                             Asia
