                                                      CONFORMED COPY




                                               LOAN NUMBER 3095 IN




            (Electronics Industry Development Project)


                              between


               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT


                                and


               INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT BANK OF INDIA




                        Dated July 7, 1989

                                               LOAN NUMBER 3095 IN

                          LOAN AGREEMENT

     AGREEMENT, dated July 7, 1989 between INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND    DEVELOPMENT   (the  Bank)   and INDUSTRIAL
DEVELOPMENT BANK OF INDIA (the Borrower).

     WHEREAS: (A) India, acting by its President (the Guarantor)
and the Borrower, having been satisfied as to the feasibility and
priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement,
have requested the Bank to assist in the financing of Part B of
the Project;

     (B) by an agreement (the Guarantee Agreement) of even date
herewith between the Guarantor and the Bank, the Guarantor has
agreed to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of
the Loan and to undertake such other obligations as set forth in
the Guarantee Agreement; and

     (C) by an agreement (hereinafter called the Government Loan
Agreement) of even date herewith between the Guarantor and the
Bank, the Bank has agreed to make a loan to the Guarantor in an
aggregate principal amount of $8,000,000 to assist in the financ-
ing of Parts C and D of the Project on the terms and conditions
set forth in the Government Loan Agreement;

     (D) by an agreement (hereinafter called the ICICI Loan
Agreement) of even date herewith between the Bank and Industrial
Credit and Investment Corporation of India Limited (ICICI), the
Bank has agreed to make a loan to ICICI in an aggregate principal
amount of $101,000,000 to assist in the financing of Part A of the
Project on the terms and conditions set forth in the ICICI Loan
Agreement; and

     WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter alia, of the
foregoing, to extend the Loan to the Borrower upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement;

     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:


                                ARTICLE I

                   General Conditions; Definitions

     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth in Schedule 7 to this Agreement (the
General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.

     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the Government Loan Agreement
have the respective meanings therein set forth and the following
additional terms have the following meanings:

     (a) "Government Loan Agreement" means the agreement of even
date herewith entered into between the Guarantor and the Bank for
purposes of carrying out Parts C and D of the Project;

     (b) "Prior Loan Agreement" means any outstanding loan agree-
ment between the Bank and the Borrower and between the Guarantor
and the Bank (pursuant to which the proceeds of such loan or part
thereof were relent to the Borrower) dated before the date of this
Agreement and "Prior Loan" means any loan provided for therein;

     (c) "IDBI Act" means the Industrial Development Bank of
India Act, 1964 of the Guarantor, as amended to the date of this
Agreement;

      (d) "Sub-loan" means a loan made or proposed to be made by
the Borrower out of the proceeds of the Loan to an Investment
Enterprise for financing fixed assets and working capital required
for an Investment Project and "free-limit Sub-loan" means a Sub-
loan pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.02 (b) of this Agree-
ment;

     (e) "Investment Enterprise" means any electronics enterprise
in the private sector, joint sector, public sector or a coopera-
tive to which the Borrower proposes to make Sub-loans;

     (f) "Investment Project" means a specific project in the
electronics sector to be carried out by an Investment Enterprise
utilizing the proceeds of Sub-loans;

     (g) "Subsidiary" means any company of which a majority           of
the outstanding voting stock or other proprietary interest            is
owned or effectively controlled by the Borrower or by any one         or
more subsidiaries of the Borrower or by the Borrower and one          or
more of its subsidiaries;

     (h)   "Rupees" and "Rs" means the currency of the Guarantor;

     (i)   "foreign currency"    means   any   currency   other than the
currency of the Guarantor; and

     (j) "Special Account" means      the   account   referred   to in
Section 2.02 (c) of this Agreement;

      (k) "ERAS" means the Exchange Risk Administration Scheme
established in IDBI, as described in its release dated April 5,
1989.

                            ARTICLE II

                             The Loan

     Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the Borrower, on the
terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the Loan Agree-
ment, various currencies that shall have an aggregate value equiv-
alent to the amount      of   one   hundred one million dollars
($101,000,000) being the sum of withdrawals of the proceeds of the
Loan, with each withdrawal valued by the Bank as of the date of
such withdrawal.

     Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Loan may be withdrawn
from the Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Sched-
ule 1 to this Agreement for amounts paid (or, if the Bank shall so
agree, for amounts to be paid) by the Borrower on account of with-
drawals made by an Investment Enterprise under Sub-loans to meet
the reasonable cost of goods and services required for the Invest-
ment Project in respect of which the withdrawal from the Loan
Account is requested.

     (b) A free-limit Sub-loan shall be a Sub-loan or for an
Investment Project, in an amount to be financed out of the pro-
ceeds of the Loan which shall not exceed the sum of $8,000,000
equivalent for fixed assets financing when added to any other
outstanding amounts financed or proposed to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan or of any Prior Loan the proceeds of which
have been or are being used for financing goods and services
directly and materially related to such Investment Project, the
foregoing amount being subject to change from time to time as
determined by the Bank.

     (c) The Borrower shall, for the purposes of Part B of the
Project, open and maintain in dollars a special account in the
Reserve Bank of India or the State Bank of India on terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Bank. Deposits into, and payments
out of, the Special Account shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 6 to this Agreement.

     Section 2.03. (a) When presenting a Sub-loan (other than a
free-limit Sub-loan) under Part B of the Project to the Bank for
approval, the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank an application,
in form satisfactory to the Bank, together with: (i) a description
of the Investment Enterprise and an appraisal of the Investment
Project, including a description of the expenditures proposed to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan; (ii) the proposed
terms and conditions of the Sub-loan, including the schedule of
amortization of the Sub-loan; (iii) a detailed analysis of the
Investment Enterprise; (iv) an analysis of the Investment Project
showing the economic and financial rates of return which shall
not, unless the Bank otherwise agrees, be less than 12% and 15%,
respectively; and (v) such other information as the Bank shall
reasonably request.

     (b) Each request by the Borrower for authorization to make
withdrawals from the Loan Account in respect of a free-limit Sub-
loan shall contain: (i) a summary description of the Investment
Enterprise and the Investment Project, including a description of
the expenditures proposed to be financed out of the proceeds of
the Loan, and the economic and financial rates of return of the
Investment Project; and (ii) the terms and conditions of the Sub-
loan, including the schedule of amortization therefor.
     (c) Applications and requests made pursuant to the provi-
sions of sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of this paragraph shall be
presented to the Bank on or before December 31, 1992.

     Section 2.04. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1995
or such later date as the Bank shall establish. The Bank shall
promptly notify the Borrower and the Guarantor of such later date.

     Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a commitment
charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per
annum on the principal amount of the Loan not withdrawn from time
to time.

     Section 2.06. (a) The Borrower shall pay interest on the
principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time
to time at a rate per annum for each Interest Period equal to one-
half of one percent per annum above the Cost of Qualified Borrow-
ings for the last Semester ending prior to the commencement of
such Interest Period.

     (b) As soon as practicable after the end of each Semester,
the Bank shall notify the Guarantor and the Borrower of the Cost
of Qualified Borrowings for such Semester.

     (c)    For purposes of this Section:

            (i)   "Interest Period" means the six-month period com-
                  mencing on each date specified in Section 2.06 of
                  this Agreement, including the Interest Period in
                  which this Agreement is signed.

           (ii)   "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the cost of
                  the outstanding borrowings of the Bank drawn down
                  after June 30, 1982, expressed as a percentage per
                  annum, as reasonably determined by the Bank.

        (iii)     "Semester" means the first six months or the second
                  six months of a calendar year.

     Section 2.07. Interest and other charges shall be payable
semi-annually on March 15 and September 15 in each year.

     Section 2.08. The Borrower shall repay the principal amount
of the Loan in accordance with the amortization schedule set forth
in Schedule 3 to this Agreement.

                               ARTICLE III

                       Execution of the Project
               Management and Operations of the Borrower

     Section 3.01. The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out Part B of the Project
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appro-
priate administrative, industrial, and financial practices, and
shall provide, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services
and other resources required for the Project under the supervision
of qualified and experienced management assisted by competent
staff in adequate numbers and in accordance with the Charter.

     Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, pro-
curement of the goods and services required for Part B of the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall
be governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.

     Section 3.03. (a) The Borrower undertakes that, unless the
Bank shall otherwise agree, Sub-loans will be made in accordance
with the procedures and on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in Schedule 5 to this Agreement.

     (b)    The Borrower shall   exercise    its   rights in relation to
each Investment Project in such manner as to: (i) protect the
interests of the Bank and of the Borrower; (ii) comply with its
obligations under this Agreement; and (iii) achieve the purposes
of the Project.

      Section 3.04. (a) The Borrower shall, at the request of the
Bank, exchange views with the Bank with regard to the progress of
Part B of the Project, the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement and other matters relating to the purpose of the
Loan.

     (b) The Borrower shall promptly inform the Bank of any con-
dition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the pro-
gress of Part B of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes
of the Loan, or the performance by the Borrower of its obligations
under this Agreement.

     Section 3.05. Without limitation to the provisions of Section
9.07 (a) (iii) of the General Conditions, the Borrower shall furn-
ish to the Bank quarterly and semi-annual reports, of such scope
and in such detail as the Bank shall reasonably request, on the
progress of Part B of the Project, such reports to be furnished
within three months after the end of each reporting period.


                               ARTICLE IV

                           Financial Covenants

     Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain procedures and
records adequate to monitor and record the progress of Part B of
the Project and of each Investment Project and accounts adequate
to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices the oper-
ations and financial condition of the Borrower.

     (b)    The Borrower shall:

            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial statements
                  (balance sheets, statements of income and expenses
                  and related statements)     and   the records and
                  accounts for the Special Account for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate audit-
                  ing principles consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Bank;

           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than four months after the end
                  of each such year, (A) certified copies of its
                  financial statements for such year as so audited
                  and (B) the report of such audit by said auditors,
                  of such scope and in such detail as the Bank shall
                  have reasonably requested; and

        (iii)     furnish to the Bank such other information concern-
                  ing said records, accounts and financial statements
                  as well as the audit thereof as the Bank shall from
                  time to time reasonably request.

     (c) For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:

            (i)   maintain, in accordance with paragraph (a) of this
                  Section, records and     accounts reflecting such
                  expenditures;

           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the Bank has
                  received the audit report for the fiscal year in
                  which the last withdrawal from the Loan Account was
                  made, all records (contracts, orders, invoices,
                  bills, receipts and other documents) evidencing
                  such expenditures;
        (iii)     enable the Bank's    representatives   to examine such
                  records; and

           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are included
                  in the annual audit referred to in paragraph (b) of
                  this Section and that the report of such audit
                  contains a separate opinion by said auditors as to
                  whether the statements of expenditure submitted
                  during such fiscal year, together with the proce-
                  dures and internal controls involved in their pre-
                  paration, can be relied upon to support the related
                  withdrawals.

     Section 4.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, the
Borrower shall: (a) conduct its operations and affairs in such
manner as shall be necessary to maintain, at all times, its debt/
equity ratio within the limit referred to in Section 4.03 of this
Agreement; and (b) if such ratio shall, for reasons beyond the
Borrower's control, be exceeded, promptly take all such reasonable
action as shall be necessary or advisable to bring such ratio
within such limit.

     Section 4.03. (a) Except     as    the Bank shall otherwise agree,
the Borrower shall:

            (i)   not incur or permit any subsidiary to incur any
                  debt if, after the incurring of such debt, the
                  consolidated debt of the Borrower and all its sub-
                  sidiaries then incurred and outstanding would be
                  greater than twelve times the consolidated capital
                  and surplus of the Borrower and all its subsi-
                  diaries; and

           (ii)   ensure that at all times its consolidated internal
                  cash generation for each year shall be at least
                  1.2:1 times the consolidated debt service require-
                  ments of its consolidated debt for that year.

     (b)    For the purposes of this Section:

            (i)   The term "debt" means any debt incurred by the
                  Borrower or any subsidiary maturing more than one
                  year after the date on which it is originally
                  incurred; provided, however, that current repay-
                  ments of such debt due and payable within one year
                  shall be excluded therefrom.

           (ii)   Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under a
                  loan contract or agreement or other instrument
                  providing for such debt or for the modification of
                  its terms of payment, on the date, and to the
                  extent, the amount of such debt has become out-
                  standing pursuant to such loan contract, agreement
                  or instrument; and (B) under a guarantee agreement,
                  on the date the agreement providing for such guar-
                  antee has been entered into but only to the extent
                  that the guaranteed debt is outstanding.

        (iii)     The term "equity" means the sum of the total unim-
                  paired paid-up capital,     retained earnings and
                  reserves of the Borrower not allocated to cover
                  specific liabilities.

           (iv)   Whenever for the purposes of this Section it shall
                  be necessary to value in terms of Rupees, debt
                  payable in another currency, such valuation shall
                  be made on the basis of the prevailing lawful rate
                  of exchange at which such other currency is, at the
                  time of such valuation, obtainable by the Borrower
                  for the purposes of servicing such debt; or, in the
                  absence of such rate, on the basis of a rate of
                exchange acceptable to the Bank.

          (v)   The term "consolidated debt of the Borrower and all
                its subsidiaries" means the total amount of debt of
                the Borrower and all its subsidiaries, excluding
                any debt owed by the Borrower to any subsidiary or
                by any subsidiary to the Borrower or to any other
                subsidiary.

         (vi)   The term "consolidated capital and surplus of the
                Borrower and its subsidiaries" means the aggregate
                of the total unimpaired paid-up capital, surplus
                and free reserves of the Borrower and all its sub-
                sidiaries after excluding therefrom such amounts as
                shall represent equity interests of the Borrower in
                any subsidiary or of any such subsidiary in the
                Borrower or in any other subsidiary.

     Section 4.04. The Borrower shall not make any repayment in
advance of maturity in respect of any outstanding debt of the
Borrower which would materially affect the Borrower's ability to
meet its financial obligations.

     Section 4.05. The Borrower shall take such steps satisfactory
to the Bank as shall be necessary to protect itself against risk
of loss resulting from changes in the rates of exchange between
the currencies (including Rupees) used in its operations.

     Section 4.06. The Bank and the Borrower shall, from time to
time, at the request of either party, exchange views through their
representatives with regard to the administration, operations and
financial condition of the Borrower, and the Borrower shall furn-
ish to the Bank all such information as the Bank shall reasonably
request concerning the administration, operations and financial
condition of the Borrower.

                              ARTICLE V

                        Remedies of the Bank

     Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (k) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:

     (a) Any part of the principal amount of any loan to the
Borrower having an original maturity of one year or more shall, in
accordance with its terms, have become due and payable in advance
of maturity as provided in the relative contractual instruments,
or any security for any such loan shall have become enforceable.

     (b) A material change shall have been made in the IDBI Act
which would materially and adversely affect the operations or the
financial condition of the Borrower.

     (c) The Guarantor or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablish-
ment of the Borrower or for the suspension of its operations.

     Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely,
that the event specified in paragraph (a), (b) or (c) of Section
5.01 shall occur.

                             ARTICLE VI
                     Effective Date; Termination

     Section 6.01. The following event is specified as an addi-
tional condition to the effectiveness of the Loan Agreement within
the meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the General Conditions namely,
that all conditions precedent to the effectiveness of the Govern-
ment Loan Agreement, except for those relating to the effective-
ness of this Agreement, have been fulfilled.
     Section 6.02. The date ninety (90)    days after the date of
this Agreement is hereby specified for     the purposes of Section
12.04 of the General Conditions.

                            ARTICLE VII

           Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses

     Section 7.01. The Chairman and Managing Director of the Bor-
rower (or such other person as the Borrower shall designate in
writing), is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.

     Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:

    For the Bank:

         International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
         1818 H Street, N.W.
         Washington, D.C. 20433
         United States of America

         Cable address:                        Telex:

              INTBAFRAD                           440098 (ITT)
              Washington, D.C.                    248423 (RCA) or
                                                   64145 (WUI)


    For the Borrower:

         Industrial Development Bank of India
         Nariman Bhavan
         227 Vinay K Shah Marg
         P.O. Box 10020
         Bombay 400 021, India

         Cable address:                        Telex:

              INDBANKIND                         011-2193 or IN
              Bombay                             011-4812

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia,
United States of America, as of the day and year first above
written.



                    INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                      RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT



                    By /s/ Bilsel Alisbah
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                              Asia




                    INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT BANK OF INDIA



                    By /s/ Anil Kumar
                                             Authorized Representative


                              SCHEDULE 1

                Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the allocation of the
amounts of the Loan to each Category and the percentage of expen-
ditures for items so to be financed in each Category:

                              Amount of the
                             Loan Allocated             % of
                              (Expressed in         Expenditures
     Category              Dollar Equivalent)      to be Financed
Sub-loans for Invest-          101,000,000         100% of foreign
ment Projects under                                expenditures or
Part B of the Project                              80% of loans
                                                   for Investment
                                                   Projects
                               ___________

          TOTAL                101,000,000

2.   For the   purposes of this Schedule, the term "foreign expendi-
tures" means   expenditures in the currency of any country other
than that of   the Guarantor for goods or services supplied from the
territory of   any country other than that of the Guarantor.

3.   The disbursement percentage for the Category in paragraph 1
above has been calculated in compliance with the policy of the
Bank that the proceeds of the Loan shall not be disbursed on
account of payments for the acquisition of land, taxes or duties;
on this basis, if the cost of land, taxes or duties represents
more than 50% of the total cost of the concerned Investment Pro-
ject, the Bank may, by notice to the Borrower, decrease the dis-
bursement percentages then applicable to such Category as required
to be consistent with the aforementioned policy of the Bank.

4.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no with-
drawals shall be made:

     (a) in respect of payments      made    for expenditures prior to
the date of this Agreement;

     (b) in respect of a Sub-loan unless: (i) the Sub-loan has
been approved by the Bank; or (ii) the Sub-loan is a free-limit
Sub-loan for which the Bank has authorized withdrawals from the
Loan Account; and

     (c) except as the Bank and the Borrower shall otherwise
agree, on account of expenditures by an Investment Enterprise in
respect of a Sub-loan subject to the Bank's approval if such
expenditures shall have been made more than ninety days prior to
the date on which the Bank shall have received in respect of such
Sub-loan the application and information required by Section 2.03
(a) of this Agreement or, in respect of a free-limit Sub-loan,
more than ninety days prior to the date on which the Bank shall
have received in respect of such free-limit Sub-loan the request
and information required by Section 2.03 (b) of this Agreement.


                              SCHEDULE 2

                      Description of the Project

     The objective of the Project is to         assist the Borrower to
foster a competitive electronics industry.
     The Project consists of the following Parts, as the same may
be amended from time to time to achieve such objectives.

Part A:     Electronics Industry Expansion and Upgrading (ICICI)

     Financing of Investment Projects through Sub-loans to Invest-
ment Enterprises.

Part B:     Electronics Industry Expansion and Upgrading (IDBI)

     Financing of Investment Projects through Sub-loans to Invest-
ment Enterprises.

Part C:     Manpower Development and Training

            (i)   Upgrading training capabilities of participating
                  Engineering Colleges, CEDTs and Polytechnic Insti-
                  tutes through: (a) improvement of training mater-
                  ials and programs; (b) improvement of teaching
                  facilities (laboratories and equipment); and (c)
                  training of teachers;

          (ii)    provision of consultants, equipment and technical
                  training materials for the training of engineers
                  and technicians by the Resource Centers; and

          (iii) development of closer links between the electronics
                industry and participating Engineering Colleges
                through a program of industrial attachment for
                students and the provision of part-time teachers
                from industry.
Part D:   Technical Assistance

          (i)     performance of a study     and seminars to assist in
                  the development of the     computer software industry
                  of India;

          (ii)    undertaking seminars and related studies to provide
                  additional inputs for improving investment growth
                  and efficiency in the electronics industry; and

          (iii) development of a program to upgrade the capability
                of ICICI and IDBI to identify, appraise and imple-
                ment electronics projects.

                              *     *    *

          The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1995.


                               SCHEDULE 3

                          Amortization Schedule

                                                 Payment of Principal
Date Payment Due                                (expressed in dollars)*

March 15,   1995                                     1,855,000.00
September   15, 1995                                 1,925,000.00
March 15,   1996                                     2,000,000.00
September   15, 1996                                 2,075,000.00
March 15,   1997                                     2,155,000.00
September   15, 1997                                 2,235,000.00
March 15,   1998                                     2,320,000.00
September   15, 1998                                 2,410,000.00
March 15,   1999                                     2,505,000.00
September   15, 1999                                 2,600,000.00
March 15,   2000                                     2,700,000.00
September   15, 2000                                 2,800,000.00
March 15,   2001                                     2,910,000.00
September   15, 2001                                 3,020,000.00
March 15,   2002                                   3,135,000.00
September   15, 2002                               3,255,000.00
March 15,   2003                                   3,380,000.00
September   15, 2003                               3,510,000.00
March 15,   2004                                   3,645,000.00
September   15, 2004                               3,785,000.00
March 15,   2005                                   3,930,000.00
September   15, 2005                               4,080,000.00
March 15,   2006                                   4,235,000.00
September   15, 2006                               4,395,000.00
March 15,   2007                                   4,565,000.00
September   15, 2007                               4,740,000.00
March 15,   2008                                   4,920,000.00
September   15, 2008                               5,110,000.00
March 15,   2009                                   5,305,000.00
September   15, 2009                               5,500,000.00



*    The figures in this column represent dollar equivalents
     determined as of the respective dates of withdrawal. See
     General Conditions, Sections 3.04 and 4.03.


                        Premiums on Prepayment

     Pursuant to Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions, the
premium payable on the principal amount of any maturity of the
Loan to be prepaid shall be the percentage specified for the
applicable time of prepayment below.

    Time of Prepayment                               Premium
                                            The interest rate (ex-
                                            pressed as a percentage
                                            per annum) applicable to
                                            the Loan on the day of
                                            prepayment multiplied by:
Not more than three years                               0.15
     before maturity
More than three years but                               0.30
     not more than six years
     before maturity
More than six years but                                 0.55
     not more than 11 years
     before maturity
More than 11 years but not                              0.80
     more than 16 years
     before maturity
More than 16 years but not                              0.90
     more than 18 years
     before maturity
More than 18 years before                               1.00
     maturity


                              SCHEDULE 4

                              Procurement
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding

     Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the
Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).

Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers

     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in India may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.

Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures

     Contracts estimated to cost the equivalent of $8,000,000 or
less, in respect of Investment Projects under Part B of the
Project may be procured in accordance with the standard procedures
of the Borrower for such procurement.

Part D:   Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions

1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:

     (a) With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $8,000,000 or more, in respect of Investment Pro-
jects under Part B of the Project, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the
Bank prior to the making of the first payment out of the Special
Account in respect of such contract.

     (b) With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and
4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for
such contract are to be made out of the Special Account, said
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed
copies of the contract together with the other information
required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3
shall be furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be
furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 6 to the Loan
Agreement.

     (c) The provisions of the preceding sub-paragraphs (a) and
(b) shall not apply to contracts on account of which the Bank has
authorized withdrawals from the Loan Account on the basis of
statements of expenditure. Such contracts shall be retained in
accordance with Section 4.01 (a)(ii) of this Agreement.

2.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of para-
graph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.


                            SCHEDULE 5

                 Terms and Conditions of Sub-loans
                     and Processing Procedures
1.   Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, the principal terms
and conditions of Sub-loans shall provide, inter alia, that:

     (a) in the event that the Borrower makes available the pro-
ceeds of the Loan to Investment Enterprises in foreign currencies,
such proceeds shall be relent by the Borrower to Investment Enter-
prises at a rate of two percent (2%) above the variable interest
rate of the Loan and the Investment Enterprises shall bear the
foreign exchange risk. In the event that the Borrower makes avail-
able the proceeds of the Loan to Investment Enterprises in Rupees,
such proceeds shall be relent by the Borrower to Investment Enter-
prises at the ERAS rate prevailing at the time of disbursement;
      (b) The aggregate amount of all Sub-loans made by the Bor-
rower under the Loan or any Prior Loan to a single Investment
Project shall not exceed $30 million equivalent for fixed assets
either singly or in consortium with any other financial institu-
tion;

     (c) Repayment periods for Sub-loans shall be at least three
years but shall not exceed fifteen years including therein a grace
period not exceeding 3 years; and

     (d) Investment Projects shall be connected with the estab-
lishment, expansion and/or balancing, modernization and replace-
ment proposal of an Investment Enterprise and related areas
including computer software development, systems integration,
know-how, consultancy and precision engineering services.

2.   No expenditures for goods or services required for an Invest-
ment Project shall be eligible for financing out of the proceeds
of the Loan unless:

     (a) the Sub-loan for such Investment Project shall have been
approved by the Bank and such expenditures shall have been made
not earlier than ninety days prior to the date on which the Bank
shall have received the application and information required under
Section 2.03 (a) of this Agreement in respect of such Sub-loan; or

     (b) the Sub-loan for such Investment Project shall have been
a free-limit Sub-loan for which the Bank has authorized with-
drawals from the Loan Account and such expenditures shall have
been made not earlier than ninety days prior to the date on which
the Bank shall have received the request and information required
under Section 2.03 (b) of this Agreement in respect of such free-
limit Sub-loan.

3.   Sub-loans shall be made on terms whereby the Borrower shall
obtain, by written contract with the Investment Enterprise or by
other appropriate legal means, rights adequate to protect the
interests of the Bank and the Borrower, including, in the case of
any Sub-loan, the right to:

     (a) require the Investment Enterprise to carry out and oper-
ate the Investment Project with due diligence and efficiency and
in accordance with sound technical, financial and managerial stan-
dards and to maintain adequate records;

     (b) without limitation to the generality of the provisions
of the preceding paragraph (a), require the Investment Enterprise
to carry out and operate the Investment Project with due regard to
applicable ecological, environmental and pollution control stan-
dards;

     (c) require that: (i) the goods and services to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be procured in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement; and (ii) such
goods and services shall be used exclusively in the carrying out
of the Investment Project;

     (d) inspect, by itself or jointly with representatives of
the Bank if the Bank shall so request, such goods, works, plants
and construction included in the Investment Project, the operation
thereof, and any relevant records and documents;

     (e) require that: (i) the Investment Enterprise shall take
out and maintain with responsible insurers such insurance, against
such risks and in such amounts, as shall be consistent with sound
business practice; and (ii) without any limitation upon the fore-
going, such insurance shall cover hazards incident to the acquisi-
tion, transportation and delivery of goods financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan to the place of use or installation, any
indemnity thereunder to be made payable in a currency freely
usable by the Investment Enterprise to replace or repair such
goods;
     (f) obtain all such information as the Bank or the Borrower
shall reasonably request relating to the foregoing and to the
administration, operations and financial condition of the Invest-
ment Enterprise and to the benefits to be derived from the Invest-
ment Project; and

     (g) suspend or terminate the right of the Investment Enter-
prise to the use of the proceeds of the Loan upon failure by such
Investment Enterprise to perform its obligations under its con-
tract with the Borrower.

4.   The Borrower shall apply techno-economic standards to each
Investment Project in order to ensure that such Investment Project
meets appropriate standards of competitiveness.


                             SCHEDULE 6

                           Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:

     (a) the term "eligible Category" means the Category set
forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;

     (b) the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
Part B of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of
the Loan allocated from time to time to the eligible Category in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
and

     (c) the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount equiva-
lent to $10,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Loan Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.

2.   Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of
this Schedule.

3.   After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to it that
the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:

     (a) For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the Bor-
rower shall furnish to the Bank a request or requests for a depo-
sit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the
Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan
Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.

     (b)    (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Bank requests for
                  deposits into the Special Account at such inter-
                  vals as the Bank shall specify.

           (ii)  Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                 Borrower shall furnish to the Bank the documents
                 and other evidence required pursuant to para-
                 graph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or pay-
                 ments in respect     of   which replenishment is
                 requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                 Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw
                 from the Loan Account and deposit into the Special
Account such   amount as the Borrower shall have
                 requested and as shall have been shown by said
                 documents and other evidence to have been made out
                 of the Special Account for eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the Loan
Account under the eligible Category, and in the equivalent amount,
as shall have been justified by said documents and other evidence.

4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Bank shall rea-
sonably request, furnish to the Bank such documents and other
evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for eligi-
ble expenditures.

5.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this Sched-
ule, the Bank shall not be required to make further deposits into
the Special Account:

     (a) if, at any time, the Bank shall have determined that all
further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly from
the Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Article V of
the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this
Agreement; or

     (b) once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated
to the eligible Category for Part B of the Project, less the
amount of any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Bank pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with
respect to Part B of the Project, shall equal the equivalent of
twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation. Thereafter, with-
drawal from the Loan Account of the remaining unwithdrawn amount
of the Loan allocated to the eligible Category for Part B of the
Project shall follow such procedures as the Bank shall specify by
notice to the Borrower.    Such further withdrawals shall be made
only after and to the extent that the Bank shall have been satis-
fied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special
Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in making
payments for eligible expenditures.

6.   (a) If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an expendi-
ture or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of this
Schedule; (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to the
Bank, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank: (A)
provide such additional evidence as the Bank may request; or (B)
deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Bank shall so
request, refund to the Bank) an amount equal to the amount of such
payment or the portion thereof not so eligible or justified.
Unless the Bank shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the
Bank into the Special Account shall be made until the Borrower has
provided such evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case
may be.

     (b) If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be required to
cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the Borrower
shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank, refund to the Bank such
outstanding amount.

     (c) The Borrower may, upon notice to the Bank, refund to the
Bank all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the Special
Account.

     (d) Refunds to the Bank made pursuant to paragraphs 6 (a),
(b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Loan Account
for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance with
the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the General
Conditions.


                              SCHEDULE 7

                Modifications of General Conditions

     For the purposes   of   this   Agreement,   the provisions of the
General Conditions are modified as follows:

1.   The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.

2.   The word "Investment Project" is substituted for the words
"the Project" at the end of Section 5.03.

3.   Section 6.03 is   deleted   and   replaced   by the following new
Section:

          "Section 6.03. Cancellation by the Bank.     If: (a) the
          right of the Borrower to make withdrawals from the Loan
          Account shall have been suspended with respect to any
          amount of the Loan for a continuous period of thirty
          days; or (b) by the date specified in paragraph (c) of
          Section 2.03 of the Loan Agreement no applications or
          requests permitted under paragraph (a) or paragraph (b)
          of such Section shall have been received by the Bank in
          respect of any portion of the Loan, or having been so
          received, shall have been denied; or (c) after the Clos-
          ing Date an amount of the Loan shall remain unwithdrawn
          from the Loan Account, or (d) the Bank shall have
          received notice from the Guarantor pursuant to Section
          6.07 with respect to an amount of the Loan, the Bank may
          by notice to the Borrower terminate the right of the
          Borrower to submit such applications or requests or to
          make withdrawals from the Loan Account, as the case may
          be, with respect to such notice such amount or portion
          of the Loan shall be cancelled."
