Page  1
                                                     CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2179 IN
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3260 IN
     (Andhra Pradesh Cyclone Emergency Reconstruction Project)
                               among
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                      STATE OF ANDHRA PRADESH
                      Dated October 23, 1990
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2179 IN
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3260 IN
§                        PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated October 23, 1990, among
INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association),
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank) and STATE OF ANDHRA PRADESH (Andhra Pradesh).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of
even date herewith between India (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Asso-ciation has agreed to make
available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies
equivalent to one hundred twenty-six million one hundred
thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 126,100,000), on the
terms and conditions set forth in the Development Credit
Agreement, but only on condition that Andhra Pradesh
agree to undertake such obligations toward the
Association as are set forth in this Agree-ment;
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Borrower and the Bank, the Bank has agreed to
make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to forty million dollars
Page  2
($40,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in
the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that Andhra
Pradesh agree to undertake such obligations toward the
Bank as are set forth in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS Andhra Pradesh, in consideration of the
Association's entering into the Development Credit
Agreement with the Borrower, and the Bank's entering into
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower have agreed to
undertake the obligations set forth in this Agree-ment;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the Development Credit
Agreement, the Loan Agreement, the Preamble to this
Agreement and in the General Condi-tions (as so defined
in the Development Credit Agreement and the Loan
Agreement, respectively) have the respective meanings
therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) Andhra Pradesh hereby declares its
commit-ment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit Agreement, and,
to this end shall carry out the Project, with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial and engineering
prac-tices, and shall provide, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for the Project.
      (b)   Andhra Pradesh shall make available to the
Beneficia-ries, in accordance with the Participation
Agreements, a portion of the proceeds of the Credit made
available to Andhra Pradesh by the Borrower under Section
3.01 (b) of the Development Credit Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods, works and
consultants' services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be
governed by the provisions of the Schedule to this Agree-
ment.
      Section 2.03. Andhra Pradesh shall carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions applicable to the
Development Credit Agreement and in Sections 9.04, 9.05,
9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions
applicable to the Loan Agreement (relating to insurance,
use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records
and reports, maintenance and land acquisition,
respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement and the
Project.
      Section 2.04. (a) Andhra Pradesh shall, at the
request of the Association, exchange views with the
Association with regard to the progress of the Project,
the performance of its obligations under this Agreement
and other matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   Andhra Pradesh shall promptly inform the
Page  3
Association of any condition which interferes or
threatens to interfere with the progress of the Project,
the accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit, or the
performance by Andhra Pradesh of its obligations under
this Agreement.
      Section 2.05. Without limitation to the provisions
of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, Andhra Pradesh shall
carry out such works under the Project as shall be
acceptable to the Association.
      Section 2.06. Without limitation to the provisions
of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, Andhra Pradesh shall
carry out the works under the Project referred to in
Section 2.05 of this Agreement in accordance with plans
and technical and environmental design and standards
acceptable to the Association.
      Section 2.07. Andhra Pradesh shall by December 31,
1993 increase the allocations for operations and
maintenance of its affected irrigated areas by at least
80 percent of its present level.
      Section 2.08. Andhra Pradesh shall manage, monitor
and evaluate the progress of the Project through the PMU.
      Section 2.09. Without limitation to the generality
of Section 9.06 of the General Conditions of the
Association and Section 9.07 of the General Conditions of
the Bank, Andhra Pradesh shall, commencing on January 1,
1991, and thereafter, furnish to the Association semi-
annual reports on the progress of the Project, of such
scope and in such detail as the Association shall
reasonably request; such reports shall be furnished to
the Association within three months after the end of each
reporting period.
                            ARTICLE III
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) Andhra Pradesh shall maintain
records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources
and expenditures, in respect of the Project of the
departments or agencies of Andhra Pradesh responsible for
carrying out the Project.
       (b)  Andhra Pradesh shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to
                  in paragraph (a) of this Section, for
                  each fiscal year audited, in accordance
                  with appropriate auditing principles
                  consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as
                  available, but in any case not later than
                  nine months after the end of each such
                  year a certified copy of the report of
                  such audit by said auditors, of such
                  scope and in such detail as the
                  Association shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other
                  information concerning said records,
                  accounts and financial statements as well
                  as the audit thereof, as the Association
                  shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
Page  4
                            ARTICLE IV
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which both the Development
Credit Agreement and the Loan Agreement become effective.
      Section 4.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations
of the Association, the Bank and of Andhra Pradesh
thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of the
following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which both the Development
                  Credit Agreement and the Loan Agreement
                  shall terminate in accordance with their
                  respective terms; or
            (ii)  the date 20 years after the date of this
                  Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement or the Loan
Agreement or both of said Agreements terminate in
accordance with their respective terms before the date
specified in paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the
Association and the Bank shall promptly notify Andhra
Pradesh of this event.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions applicable to the Development Credit Agreement
or the Loan Agreement.
                             ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.                248423 (RCA)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for Reconstruction
              and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
Page  5
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.                248423 (RCA)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      For Andhra Pradesh:
            Chief Secretary
            Government of Andhra Pradesh
            Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh
            500022, India
            Cable address:
                  CHIEFSEC
                  Hyderabad
                  Andhra Pradesh, India
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of Andhra
Pradesh, may be taken or executed by the Chief Secretary
of Andhra Pradesh or such other person or persons as
Andhra Pradesh shall designate in writing, and Andhra
Pradesh shall furnish to the Association sufficient
evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
      Section 5.03. As long as the Bank has not given
notice to the contrary to Andhra Pradesh and so long as
the Development Credit Agreement shall not have
terminated prior to the termination of the Loan
Agreement:
      (a)   the obligations of Andhra Pradesh to consult
with, and to furnish information, documents, plans,
reports, records and statements to, the Bank shall be
satisfied to the extent performance in respect of such
obligations is rendered to the Association;
      (b)   the obligations of the Bank to consult with,
and to furnish information to, Andhra Pradesh shall be
satisfied to the extent such obligations are fulfilled by
the Association; and
      (c)   all actions taken (including the giving of
approvals or granting of waivers) by the Association
pursuant to the Development Credit Agreement shall be
deemed to be taken pursuant to both the Development
Credit Agreement and the Loan Agreement, and in the name
and on behalf of both the Association and the Bank.
      Section 5.04. This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
Page  6
                  By /s/ Attila Karaosmanoglu
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                              Asia
                  STATE OF ANDHRA PRADESH
                  By /s/ Abid Hussain
                                         Authorized Representative
                             SCHEDULE
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:        Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
      Except as provided in Part C hereof, equipment and
materials shall be procured under contracts awarded in
accordance with procedures consistent with those set
forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published
by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Contractors
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured
in India may be granted a margin of preference in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs
1 and 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Except as provided in paragraphs 2 and 3 hereof,
contracts for civil works shall be awarded on the basis
of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance
with procedures satisfactory to the Association and the
Bank.
2.    Civil works, estimated to cost less than $100,000
equivalent each, up to an aggregate amount not exceeding
$25,000,000 equiva-lent, may be carried out through force
account or may be procured under contracts awarded on the
basis of bids invited from a list of at least three
contractors eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance
with procedures acceptable to the Association and the
Bank.
3.    Civil works, estimated to cost less than $50,000
equivalent each, up to an aggregate amount not exceeding
$3,000,000 equivalent, may be procured under cost plus
arrangements.
4.    Except as provided in paragraph 5 hereof, equipment,
materials and vehicles estimated to cost less than
$200,000 equivalent per contract may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding,
advertised locally, in accordance with proce-dures
satisfactory to the Association and the Bank.
5.    Equipment and materials, vehicles, and off the shelf
items or groups of items estimated to cost less than the
equivalent of $50,000 per contract, up to an aggregate
amount not exceeding $2,000,000 equivalent may be
procured using quotations solicited from a list of at
least three suppliers eligible under the Guide-lines, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Associa-
Page  7
tion and the Bank.
6.    Small contracts for civil works may be grouped in
bid packages of up to $120,000 equivalent, provided,
however, that the total of such groups does not exceed 40
percent of the total works for the minor irrigation
component under Part A of the Project and 30 per-cent of
the total works under the other Parts of the Project.
7.    Goods and services to be financed under Part E (a)
of the Project shall be purchased at a reasonable price,
account being taken also of other relevant factors such
as time of delivery and efficiency and, in the case of
service, of their quality and the competence of the
parties rendering them.
Part D:     Review by the Association and the Bank of
Procurement             Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for civil works,
and for equipment, materials, and vehicles estimated to
cost the equivalent of $5,000,000 and $500,000 or more,
respectively, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2
and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where
payments for such contract are to be made out of the
Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to
ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract
required to be furnished to the Association and the Bank
pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association and the Bank prior to the making of the
first payment out of the Special Account in respect of
such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be fur-nished to the Association and the Bank pursuant to
said paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the Association
and the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 3 to the Development
Credit Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph
(b) shall not apply to contracts on account of which the
Association and the Bank have authorized withdrawals from
the Credit Account or the Loan Account on the basis of
statements of expenditure. Such contracts shall be
retained in accordance with Section 4.01 (a) (ii) of the
Development Credit Agreement.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist Andhra Pradesh in carrying out of
the Project, Andhra Pradesh shall employ consultants
whose quali-fications, experience and terms and
conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Association and the Bank. Such consultants shall be
selected in accordance with principles and procedures
satisfactory to the Association and the Bank on the basis
of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World
Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency"
published by the Bank in August 1981.
Page  8
