Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3461 ME
                      (Environmental Project)
                              between
                       UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                       Dated April 28, 1992
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3461 ME
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 28, 1992, between UNITED MEXICAN STATES
(the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Banco Nacional de Obras y
Servicios Publicos, S.N.C. (the Borrower), having been satisfied as
to the feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule
2 to the Loan Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in the
financing of the Project; and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to fifty million dollars
($50,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that the Guarantor agree to
guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of such loan
and to undertake such other obligations as provided in this
Page  2
Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth in the Loan Agreement (the General
Conditions), constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions, in the Preamble to
this Agreement and in the Preamble to and Section 1.02 of the Loan
Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out the Project (through
SEDUE unless otherwise specified in this Agreement) with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
financial, environmental and administrative standards and practices
and shall provide, in a timely manner as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for the Project.
      Section 2.02. Without limitation or restriction upon any of
its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor
hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not as
surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and
interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on
the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of all the
other obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan
Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. The Guarantor shall enter into the contractual
arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 of the Loan Agreement and,
except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, shall not change or fail
to enforce any provisions of such contractual arrangements.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Guarantor shall carry out or cause to be
carried out the obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions (relating respectively
to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules,
records and reports, maintenance and land acquisition) with regard
to the Project (including with regard to activities carried out by
States pursuant to Part D.2 of the Project).
      Section 3.04. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree or as
otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Guarantor shall carry out
the Project in accordance with the schedules contained in Annexes 1
and 2 of the supplemental letter of even date herewith, furnished by
the Guarantor to the Bank.
Page  3
      Section 3.05. The Guarantor shall cause SEDUE and CNA to carry
out their water quality monitoring activities throughout Mexico in
a coordinated manner consistent with the terms of the March 23, 1992
agreement (Bases de Coordinacion para Operar de Manera Coordinada la
Red Nacional de Monitoreo de la Calidad del Agua) furnished to the
Bank by the Guarantor with regard to such network. Except as the
Bank shall otherwise agree, the Guarantor, through SEDUE and CNA,
shall not change or fail to enforce any provisions of such
agreement.
      Section 3.06. The Guarantor shall operate its laboratories
referred to in Part A.3 of the Project in a manner closely
coordinated with the operation of CNA environmental laboratories as
set forth in the agreement referred to in Section 3.05 of this
Agreement.
      Section 3.07. With regard to Part B of the Project, the
Guarantor shall, in a manner satisfactory to the Bank, carry out the
program presented to the Bank on September 20, 1991 for delegating
to the SSDs responsibility for evaluating environmental impact
assessments and authorizing the carrying out of public or private
works or activities to which such assessments apply.
      Section 3.08. With regard to Part B.1 (b) of the Project, the
Guarantor shall employ consultants to study and recommend how to
facilitate and encourage public access and input to the
environmental assessment review process (including timely public
access to relevant documents). Taking into account the consultants'
recommendations, the Guarantor shall establish procedures for such
public access, satisfactory to the Bank, by publishing such
procedures in SEDUE's Gaceta Ecologica (Ecological Journal) and
making them effective no later than December 31, 1992.
      Section 3.09. The Guarantor shall employ consultants who shall
make operational, in a manner satisfactory to the Bank and by no
later than June 30, 1992, a geographic information system for SEDUE
in which shall be stored the results of the environmental studies
and ecological planning and zoning exercises referred to in Part B.3
of the Project. Such studies and exercises shall be completed
according to the schedule contained in Annex 2 of the supplemental
letter referred to in Section 3.04 of this Agreement, and the
Guarantor shall immediately thereafter publish in SEDUE's Gaceta
Ecologica (Ecological Journal) a summary of the resulting ecological
planning and zoning criteria for the areas in question, which
criteria shall be satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 3.10. The Guarantor shall, through a formally
established inter-ministerial task force comprised of
representatives from SEDUE and SHCP, supervise the carrying out of
Part D.3 of the Project.
      Section 3.11. (a) With regard to Part D.1 of the Project, the
Guarantor shall cause an institutional analysis of SEDUE to be
completed by a management consulting firm by no later than June 30,
1992. An internal advisory group within SEDUE shall serve as liaison
between SEDUE and such management consulting firm. Such internal
advisory group shall also coordinate implementation of the action
plan referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section.
      (b)   The Guarantor shall furnish to the Bank, by not later
than July 31, 1992, the reports and recommendations of the
management consulting firm referred to in paragraph (a) of this
Section, and shall allow the Bank one month to comment on such
reports and recommendations. Taking into account such
recommendations and the comments of the Bank thereon, the Guarantor
shall carry out Part D.1 of the Project according to an action plan,
satisfactory to the Bank, to be prepared no later than December 31,
1992. Such action plan shall include, inter alia, staffing and
budgeting targets to carry out SEDUE's mandate.
      Section 3.12. (a) The Guarantor shall agree with the States of
Page  4
Jalisco and Tamaulipas and up to three other States acceptable to
the Bank on an action plan, satisfactory to the Bank, for carrying
out Part D.2 of the Project with regard to such States.
      (b)   The Guarantor shall enter into agreements, satisfactory
to the Bank, with each of the up to five States referred to in
paragraph (a) of this Section, each of which agreements shall
specify, inter alia: (i) the obligation of the State in question to
carry out its action plan referred to in paragraph (a) of this
Section; (ii) the obligation of the Guarantor to finance, on a grant
basis, the investments required to carry out the action plan
referred to in paragraph (a) of this Section (except for recurrent
costs); (iii) the obligation of the State in question to finance the
recurrent costs of such action plan; (iv) the obligation of the
State in question to participate in the annual reviews referred to
in Section 3.14 (d) of this Agreement; (v) the obligation of the
State in question to cooperate with Project monitoring undertaken
pursuant to Section 3.14 (b) and (c) of this Agreement; and (vi) the
right of the Guarantor to cease financing the investments required
to carry out the action plan referred to in paragraph (a) of this
Section upon application of the provisions of Section 5.01 of the
Loan Agreement or paragraph 7 of Schedule 5 of the Loan Agreement.
Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, the Guarantor shall not
change or fail to enforce any provision of such agreements.
      (c)   Each of the agreements referred to in paragraph (b) of
this Section shall make clear that the Guarantor shall not provide
Loan proceeds to the State in question, but shall instead provide
such State with facilities, goods or assistance, previously procured
by the Guarantor, required for the relevant action plan.
      (d)   With regard to the States, other than Tamaulipas and
Jalisco, referred to in paragraph (a) of this Section, one such
State shall be selected during the first of the annual reviews
referred to in Section 3.14 (d) of this Agreement, and up to two
additional such States shall be selected during the second of the
annual reviews referred to in Section 3.14 (d) of this Agreement.
      Section 3.13. (a) With regard to Part D.3 of the Project, the
Guarantor shall cause SEDUE to furnish the results of the studies to
the Bank by no later than June 30, 1993, and allow the Bank one
month to comment on such results. The Guarantor shall cause the task
force referred to in Section 3.10 of this Agreement to take into
account such comments of the Bank in preparing a report, policy
recommendations and an action plan for the implementation of such
recommendations on the basis of such studies, which report, policy
recommendations and action plan shall be completed by no later than
November 30, 1993.
      (b)   The Guarantor shall carry out Part D.5 of the Project
according to the schedule contained in Annex 3 of the supplemental
letter referred to in Section 3.04 of this Agreement.
      Section 3.14. (a) The Guarantor shall coordinate
implementation of the Project through the PCU, to be staffed and
maintained throughout Project implementation in a manner
satisfactory to the Bank.
      (b)   The Guarantor, through the PCU, shall monitor Project
implementation by periodically evaluating Project progress in
attaining the targets specified in the supplemental letter referred
to in Section 3.04 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The Guarantor shall cause the PCU to hold quarterly
evaluation meetings once every February, May, August and November
during Project implementation. Two weeks prior to each such meeting,
the Guarantor shall furnish to the Bank the proposed agenda for such
meeting and allow the Bank one week to suggest additional agenda
items. Immediately after each such meeting, the Guarantor shall
furnish to the Bank the minutes of such meeting. The minutes for the
August meeting shall include an estimate of SEDUE's budgetary
allocation required for Project implementation during the
Page  5
immediately upcoming calendar year. The minutes for the November
meeting shall include a report on the budget allocation actually
proposed to the Guarantor's legislative branch for the Project for
the immediately upcoming calendar year. The minutes for the November
meeting (to be furnished to the Bank no later than December 1) shall
also include a detailed report, based on the work done pursuant to
paragraph (b) of this Section, on the results of Project monitoring
for the immediately prior twelve months and suggestions for
improving Project implementation and effectiveness. The minutes for
the February meeting shall include a report on the budget allocation
actually approved by such legislative branch for the current fiscal
year.
      (d)   In January or February of each year during Project
implementation, the Guarantor, the Borrower and the Bank, together
with any of the States that have undertaken the obligation set forth
in Section 3.12 (b) (iv) of this Agreement, shall jointly
participate in an annual review. Each such review shall, based on
the results of Project monitoring contained in the minutes of the
immediately preceding November PCU meeting referred to in paragraph
(c) of this Section, examine the status of Project implementation
and conclude with the finalization of an annual plan of action,
satisfactory to the Bank, including specific goals and projections
for Project implementation for the calendar year during which the
annual review is held. Each such annual plan of action shall be
carried out by the Guarantor during such calendar year.
      Section 3.15. The Guarantor shall carry out Part C.3 of the
Project in accordance with the terms of the Global Environment Trust
Fund Grant Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Guarantor, through SEDUE, shall maintain
or cause to be maintained records and separate accounts adequate to
reflect, in accordance with sound accounting practices, the
resources and expenditures in connection with the execution of the
Project (except Part C.3 of the Project).
      (b)   The Guarantor shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section, for each fiscal
                   year audited, in accordance with generally
                   accepted auditing standards and procedures
                   consistently applied, by independent and
                   qualified auditors;
           (ii)    furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year, the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records and accounts as well as
                   the audit thereof as the Bank shall from time to
                   time reasonably request.
      (c)    The Guarantor shall provide to the Borrower all records
and accounts necessary to allow the Borrower to perform its
obligations punctually under Section 4.01 of the Loan Agreement.
                             ARTICLE V
            Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 5.01. The Director General de Captacion de Credito
Externo of the Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico of the
Guarantor is designated as representative of the Guarantor for the
Page  6
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 5.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico
            Direccion General de Captacion de Credito Externo
            Palacio Nacional
            Patio Central, piso 4
            Despacho 4025
            06066 Mexico, D.F.
            Mexico
                                           Telex:
                                             1777313 SHDCME
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
                 Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                         By /s/ Pedro Aspe Armella
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
