Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 1822 IN
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2846 IN
                   Project Agreement
     (Madras Water Supply and Sanitation Project)
                         among
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                          and
                INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
            RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                          and
         MADRAS METROPOLITAN WATER SUPPLY AND
                    SEWERAGE BOARD
                Dated December 21, 1987
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 1822 IN
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2846 IN
                   PROJECT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated December 21, 1987, among
INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association),
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank) and MADRAS METROPOLITAN WATER SUPPLY AND
SEWERAGE BOARD (hereinafter called MMWSSB).
     WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of
even date herewith between India, acting by its President
(the Borrower) and the Association, the Association has
agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to twelve  million five
hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 12,500,000),
on the terms and conditions set forth in the Development
Credit Agreement, but only on condition that MMWSSB
agrees to undertake such obligations toward the
Association as are set forth in this Agreement;
     (B)  by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Borrower and the Bank, the Bank has agreed to
Page  2
make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to fifty three million dollars
($53,000,000), on the terms and conditions set  forth in
the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that MMWSSB
agrees to undertake such obligations toward the Bank as
are set forth in this Agreement;
     (C)  by an agreement of even date herewith among the
Association, the Bank and the State of Tamil Nadu, acting
by its Governor, (hereinafter called Tamil Nadu), Tamil
Nadu has agreed to  assist MMWSSB in carrying out the
Project described in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit
Agreement;
     (D)  the proceeds of the Credit and the Loan
provided for under the Development Credit Agreement and
the Loan Agreement respectively will be made available by
the Borrower to Tamil Nadu in  accordance with the
Borrower's standard arrangement for developmental
assistance to the States of India; and
     WHEREAS MMWSSB, in consideration of the
Association's entering into the Development Credit
Agreement and the Bank's entering into the Loan
Agreement, with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
                      Definitions
     Section 1.01. Whenever used in this Agreement,
unless the context otherwise requires:
     (a)  reference to the Association shall also be
deemed as
reference to the Bank;
     (b)  reference to the Credit shall also be deemed as
reference to the Loan; and
     (c)  the several terms defined in the Development
Credit Agreement and in the General Conditions applicable
thereto (as so defined), in the Loan Agreement and in the
General Conditions applicable thereto (as so defined),
and in the Preamble to this Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                      ARTICLE II
               Execution of the Project
     Section 2.01.  (a) MMWSSB declares its commitment to
the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2
to the Development Credit Agreement, and, to this end,
shall carry out the Project with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with  appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering and public utility
practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and
other resources required for the Project.
     (b)  Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section, MMWSSB shall carry out the
Project in accordance with an Operational Action Plan, as
such plan may be reviewed on an annual basis, and
amended, as necessary, by an agreement between the
Page  3
Association and MMWSSB.
     Section  2.02.  Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods, works and
consultants' services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit and the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of the Schedule to
this Agreement.
     Section 2.03. (a) MMWSSB shall carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985 (relating to insurance, use  of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in
respect of the Project Agreement.
     (b)  MMWSSB shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09
of the General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985
(relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and  land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project
Agreement.
     Section 2.04.  (a)  MMWSSB shall, at the request of
the Association, exchange views with the Association with
regard to the progress of the Project, the performance of
its obligations under this Agreement, and other matters
relating to the purposes of the Credit.
     (b)  MMWSSB shall promptly inform the Association of
any condition which interferes or threatens to interfere
with the progress of the Project, the accomplishment of
the purposes of the Credit, or the performance by MMWSSB
of its obligations under this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
          Management and Operations of MMWSSB
     Section 3.01.  MMWSSB shall carry on its operations
and conduct its affairs in accordance with sound
administrative, financial, engineering and public utility
practices under the supervision of qualified and
experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
     Section 3.02. MMWSSB shall at all times operate and
maintain its plant, machinery, equipment and other
property, and from time to time, promptly as needed, make
all necessary repairs and renewals thereof, all in
accordance with sound engineering, financial and public
utility practices.
     Section 3.03. MMWSSB shall take out and maintain
with responsible insurers, or make other provision
satisfactory to the Association for, insurance against
such risks and in such amounts as shall be consistent
with appropriate practice.
     Section 3.04. MMWSSB shall: (a) consult with the
Association prior to making any material modifications in
its structure or organization; and
     (b)  ensure that the recruitment of administrative
and technical personnel during the period of 1987-1992
will be limited to absolutely essential personnel.
                      ARTICLE IV
Page  4
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) MMWSSB shall maintain records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices its operations and financial
condition.
     (b)  MMWSSB shall:
          (i)  have its accounts and financial
               statements (balance sheets, statements of
               income and expenses and related
               statements)  for each fiscal year
               audited, in accordance with appropriate
               auditing principles consistently applied,
               by independent auditors acceptable to the
               Association;
          (ii) furnish to the Association as soon as
               available, but in any case not later than
               nine months after the end of each such
               year: (A) certified copies of its
               financial statements  for  such year as
               so audited; and (B) the report of such
               audit by said auditors, of such scope and
               in such detail as the Association shall
               have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)     furnish to the Association such
                    other information concerning said
                    accounts and financial statements as
                    well as the audit thereof and said
                    records, as the Association shall
                    from time to time reasonably
                    request.
     Section 4.02.  (a)  Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, MMWSSB shall, with effect from its
financial year commencing April 1, 1988, and for each
financial year thereafter take all necessary measures to
ensure that operating revenues are sufficient to meet all
of MMWSSB's operating expenses, increases in working
capital and debt service, and provide  sufficient
internally generated funds for capital expenditures
indicated in the Operational Action Plan.
     (b) For the purposes of this Section:
          (i)  the term capital expenditure mean any
               expenditure incurred in the financial
               year on fixed or semi-fixed assets for
               water supply, sewerage, sewage treatment
               or sewage disposal services of MMWSSB or
               which may be charged to work-in-progress
               for such services pending commissioning~
               of fixed or semi-fixed assets, including
               expenditures on engineering services and
               interest chargeable to capital assets
               under construction;
          (ii) the term operating revenues means all
               revenues from the sale of water and all
               taxes and charges pertaining to water
               supply, sewerage and sewage disposal
               services and other incidental revenues of
               MMWSSB including net consumers'
               contributions;
          (iii)     the term operating expenses means
                    all costs of operation  of MMWSSB,
                    including adequate maintenance and a
                    reasonable  proportion of central
Page  5
                    administrative charges of MMWSSB but
                    excluding depreciation and other
                    non-cash expenses; and
           (iv)     the term debt service means the
                    repayment of loans and other debt
                    obligations as they mature,
                    including payment of interest in
                    respect of such loans and other debt
                    obligations.
                       ARTICLE V
             Effective Date; Termination;
              Cancellation and Suspension
     Section 5.01.  This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Development Credit
Agreement becomes effective.
     Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations
of the Association, of the Bank and of MMWSSB thereunder
shall terminate on the earlier of the following two
dates:
          (i)  the date on which the Development Credit
               Agreement and   the Loan Agreement shall
               terminate in accordance with their
               respective terms; or
          (ii) the date 25 years after the date of this
               Agreement.
     (b)  If the Development Credit Agreement and the
Loan Agreement  terminate in accordance with their
respective terms before the date specified in paragraph
(a) (ii) of this Section, the Association and the Bank
shall promptly notify MMWSSB of this event.
     Section 5.03.  All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VI
               Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radio gram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
          INDEVAS                       440098 (ITT)
          Washington, D.C.                   248423 (RCA)
Page  6
or
                                        64145 (WUI)
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
             Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INTBAFRAD                440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA)
or
                                        64145 (WUI)
     For MMWSSB:
          Managing Director
          Madras Metropolitan Water Supply
            and Sewerage Board
          1, Pumping Station Road
          Madras 2 600002
          India
          Cable address:           Telex:
               METROWATER                         41-8832
               MADRAS
     Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed,
under this
Agreement on behalf of MMWSSB may be taken or executed by
the
Managing Director or such other person or persons as he
shall
designate in writing, and MMWSSB shall furnish to the
Association
sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
     Section 6.03.  This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of  the day and year first above written.
                    INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                    By /s/ B. Alisbah
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                                                   Asia
                    INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
AND
                        DEVELOPMENT
Page  7
                    By /s/  B. Alisbah
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                                                   Asia
                    MADRAS METROPOLITAN WATER SUPPLY AND
                      SEWERAGE BOARD
                    By /s/ N. Misra
                              Authorized Representative
                       SCHEDULE
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.   Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:    International Competitive Bidding
1.   Except as provided in Part D hereof, goods and works
shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance
with procedures consistent with those  set forth in
Sections I and II of the Guidelines for Procurement under
IBRD Loans and IDA Credits published by the Bank in May
1985 (the Guidelines).
2.   Bidders for major contracts under the Project shall
be prequalified as described in paragraph 2.10 of the
Guidelines.
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A 1 hereof, goods
manufactured in India may be granted a margin of
preference in accordance with, and subject to, the
provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines
and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Preference for Domestic Contractors
     In the procurement of works in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A 1 hereof, the Borrower may
grant a margin of preference to domestic contractors in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraph
5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   All civil works contracts, except for the water
treatment plant and  rehabilitation of sewage pumping
stations, may be procured on the basis of competitive
bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.   Contracts for materials and equipment estimated to
cost the equivalent of $100,000 or less each and an
aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent of
$4,900,000 may be procured on the basis of competitive
bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Association.
Part E:  Review by the Association of Procurement
Decisions
1.   Review of prequalification:
     With respect to the prequalification of bidders as
provided in Part A.2 hereof, the procedures set forth in
Page  8
paragraph 1 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
2.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to all contracts for civil works
estimated to cost the equivalent of $500,000 or more and
all contracts for material and equipment  estimated to
cost the equivalent of $200,000 or more, the procedures
set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply.  Where payments for such contract
are to be made out of the Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished
to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall
be furnished to the Association prior to the making of
the first payment out of the Special Account in respect
of such contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply.  Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, said procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the Association as part
of the evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4
of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit Agreement.
     (c)  The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs
(a) and (b) shall not apply to contracts on account of
which the Association has authorized withdrawals from the
Credit Account on the basis of statements of expenditure.
Such contracts shall be retained in accordance with
Section 4.01 (a) (ii) of the Development Credit
Agreement.
3.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
     In  order to assist MMWSSB in carrying out the
Project, MMWSSB shall employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Association.
Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank
as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August
1981.
