Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 1822 IN
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2846 IN
                 Tamil Nadu Agreement
     (Madras Water Supply and Sanitation Project)
                         among
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
 INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                          and
                  STATE OF TAMIL NADU
                Dated December 21, 1987
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 1822 IN
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2846 IN
                 TAMIL NADU AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated December 21, 1987, among
INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association),
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank), and the STATE OF TAMIL NADU acting by its
Governor (hereinafter called Tamil Nadu).
     WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of
even date herewith between India, acting by its President
(the Borrower) and the Association, the Association has
agreed to make available to  the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to twelve  million five
hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 12,500,000),
on the terms and conditions set forth in the Development
Credit Agreement, but only on condition that Tamil Nadu
agrees to undertake such obligations toward the
Association as are set forth in this Agreement;
     (B)  by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Borrower and the Bank, the Bank has agreed to
make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to fifty three million dollars
($53,000,000) on the terms and conditions set forth in
the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that Tamil Nadu
Page  2
agrees to undertake such obligations towards the Bank as
are set forth in this Agreement;
     (C)  by an agreement of even date herewith among the
Association, the Bank and the Madras Metropolitan Water
Supply and Sewerage Board (hereinafter called MMWSSB),
MMWSSB has agreed to undertake certain obligations in
respect of the carrying out of the Project;
     (D)  the proceeds of the Credit and the Loan
provided for under the Development Credit Agreement and
the Loan Agreement respectively, will be made available
by the Borrower to Tamil Nadu in accordance with the
Borrower's standard arrangements for developmental
assistance to the States of India; and
     WHEREAS Tamil Nadu, in consideration of the
Association's entering into the Development Credit
Agreement and the Bank's entering into the Loan Agreement
with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
                      Definitions
     Section 1.01. Whenever used in this Agreement,
unless the content otherwise requires:
     (a)  reference to the Association shall also be
deemed as reference to the Bank;
     (b)  reference to the Credit shall also be deemed as
reference to the Loan; and
     (c)  the several terms defined in the Development
Credit Agreement and in the General Conditions applicable
thereto (as so defined), in the Loan Agreement, and in
the General Conditions applicable thereto (as so defined)
and in the Preamble to this Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                      ARTICLE II
                 Particular Covenants
     Section 2.01. (a) Tamil Nadu declares its commitment
to the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule
2 to the Development Credit Agreement, and, to this end,
without any limitation or restriction upon any of its
obligations under this Agreement, shall cause MMWSSB to
perform in accordance with the provisions of the Project
Agreement all the obligations of MMWSSB therein set
forth, shall take and cause to be taken all action,
including the provision of funds, facilities, services
and other resources, necessary or appropriate to enable
WSSB to perform such obligations, and shall not take or
permit to be taken any action which would prevent or
interfere with such performance.
     (b)  Tamil Nadu shall relend the proceeds of the
Credit and the Loan to MMWSSB under terms and conditions
which shall have been approved by the Association and
shall include the following terms:
          (i)  proceeds to be made available for a term
               of 25 years from the date of the first
               advance by Tamil Nadu to MMWSSB,
Page  3
               including a grace period of five years;
          (ii) interest to be charged at a rate not less
               than 8.75% per annum, payable
               semiannually or annually, on amounts
               withdrawn and outstanding; and
          (iii)     proceeds to be made available
                    promptly as required to enable
                    MMWSSB to meet expenditures required
                    for the Project.
     (c)  Tamil Nadu shall ensure that funds not less
than 64% of the annual capital expenditures in respect of
the Project are made  available on the same terms and
conditions as those enumerated in  the preceding
paragraph to enable MMWSSB to complete the Project.
     (d)  Tamil Nadu shall exercise its rights under the
preceding financial arrangements enumerated in (b) and
(c) above in such manner as to protect the interests of
the Borrower, Tamil Nadu, and the Association and to
accomplish the purposes of the Credit and the Loan.
    Section 2.02. (a) Tamil Nadu shall, at the request of
the Association, exchange views with the Association with
regard to the progress of the Project, the performance of
its obligations under this Agreement, the performance of
MMWSSB under the Project Agreement, and other matters
relating to the purposes of the Credit and the Loan.
     (b)  Tamil Nadu shall promptly inform the
Association of any condition which interferes or
threatens to interfere with the progress of the Project,
the accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit and the
Loan, or the performance by Tamil Nadu of its obligations
under this Agreement.
     Section 2.03. Tamil Nadu shall take all such action
as shall be necessary to acquire as and when needed all
such land and rights in respect of land as shall be
required for the carrying out of the Project and, if
requested by the Association, shall furnish to the
Association, promptly after such acquisition, evidence
satisfactory to the Association that such land and rights
in respect of land are available for purposes related to
the Project.
                           ARTICLE III
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                   Cancellation and Suspension
     Section 3.01.  This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Development Credit
Agreement becomes effective.
     Section 3.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations
of the Association, of the Bank and of Tamil Nadu
thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of the
following two dates:
          (i)  the date on which the Development Credit
               Agreement and the Loan Agreement shall
               terminate in accordance with their
               respective terms; or
          (ii) the date 25 years after the date of this
               Agreement.
     (b)  If the Development Credit Agreement and the
Loan Agreement terminate in accordance with their
Page  4
respective terms before the date specified in paragraph
(a) (ii) of this Section, the Association and the Bank
shall promptly notify Tamil Nadu of this event.
     Section 3.03.  All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions.
                      ARTICLE IV
               Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 4.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radio gram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
For the Association:
     International Development Association
     1818 H Street, N.W.
     Washington, D.C. 20433
     United States of America
Cable address:                     Telex:
     INDEVAS                            440098 (ITT)
     Washington, D.C.                        248423 (RCA)
or
                                        64145  (WUI)
For the Bank:
     International Bank for
        Reconstruction and Development
     1818 H Street, N.W.
     Washington, D.C. 20433
     United States of America
     Cable address:                Telex:
          INTBAFRAD                     440098 (ITT),
          Washington, D.C.                   248423 (RCA)
or
                                        64145  (WUI)
     For Tamil Nadu:
          Chief Secretary to the Government
            of Tamil Nadu
          Fort St. George
          Madras, India
          Cable address:                Telex:
               CHIEFSEC                      41-238/7400
               Madras
     Section 4.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of Tamil Nadu
may be taken or executed by the Chief Secretary or such
other person or persons as the Chief Secretary shall
Page  5
designate in writing, and Tamil Nadu shall furnish to the
Association sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
     Section 4.03.  This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of  the day and year  first above written.
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/ B. Alisbah
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                                                   Asia
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
               By /s/ B. Alisbah
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                                                   Asia
               STATE OF TAMIL NADU
               By /s/ N. Misra
                              Authorized Representative
