Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2262 VA
                         (Housing Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
                   NATIONAL HOUSING CORPORATION
                      Dated October 16, 1991
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2262 VA
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated October 16, 1991, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and NATIONAL HOUSING
CORPORATION (NHC).
      WHEREAS by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between Republic of Vanuatu (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to two million
five hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 2,500,000), on the
terms and conditions set forth in the Development Credit Agreement,
but only on condition that NHC agree to undertake such obligations
toward the Association as are set forth in this Agreement;
      WHEREAS NHC, in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so
defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. NHC declares its commitment to the objectives of
the Project as set forth in Schedule 1 to the Development Credit
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out Part B of the Project
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering, environmental and urban
development practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for Part B of the Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for Part B of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of
the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to the
Development Credit Agreement.
      Section 2.03. NHC shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land acquisi-
tion, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement and Part B
of the Project.
      Section 2.04. (a) NHC shall, at the request of the Associa-
tion, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of Part B of the Project, the performance of its obliga-
tions under this Agreement and other matters relating to the
purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   NHC shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of Part B of the Project, the accomplishment of the
purposes of the Credit, or the performance by NHC of its obligations
under this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                 Management and Operations of NHC
      Section 3.01. NHC shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial and
housing practices under the supervision of qualified and experienced
management assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. NHC shall at all times operate and maintain its
plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
housing practices.
      Section 3.03. NHC shall take out and maintain with responsible
insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the Association
for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be
consistent with appropriate practice.
      Section 3.04. NHC shall conduct its operations with respect to
the HRF so that each year: deposits shall have been received for at
least 75% of all lots prior to start of construction, an average
margin on direct development costs of at least 25% shall have been
achieved on lots sold, at least 95% of all leases shall have been
Page  3
converted into mortgages at the end of the original lease term, and
arrears on lease payment collections shall be no more than 5%.
      Section 3.05. NHC shall carry out a program of Staff Training,
all in accordance with a program satisfactory to the Association.
      Section 3.06. NHC shall by December 31, 1992, undertake a
program to strengthen and improve its systems and procedures.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) NHC shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   NHC shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial state-
                  ments (balance sheets, statements of income and
                  expenses and related statements) for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the Associa-
                  tion;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than nine months after
                  the end of each such year, (A) certified copies
                  of its financial statements for such year as so
                  audited, and (B) the report of such audit by said
                  auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Association shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of NHC thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of
the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit Agree-
                  ment shall terminate in accordance with its
                  terms; or
           (ii)   the date twenty years after the date of this
                  Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify NHC of
this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
Page  4
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                    248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.            82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      For NHC:
            General Manager
            National Housing Corporation
            P.O. Box 982
            Port Vila
            Vanuatu
                                    Telex:
                                      1040 VANGOV NH
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of NHC may be taken or executed by the General
Manager or such other person or persons as the General Manager shall
designate in writing, and NHC shall furnish to the Association
sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all collec-
tively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names, as of the day and year first above
written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ A. Karaosmanoglu
                                         Authorized Representative
                  NATIONAL HOUSING CORPORATION
Page  5
                  By /s/ E.S.G. Pakoa
                                         Authorized Representative
