Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2262 VA
                         (Housing Project)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF VANUATU
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                      Dated October 16, 1991
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2262 VA
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated October 16, 1991, between REPUBLIC OF VANUATU
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   pursuant to a letter agreement dated July 30, 1990,
between Japan and the Association, Japan has requested the Associa-
tion, and the Association has agreed, to administer grant funds to
be made available by Japan for the financing of certain programs and
projects supported by the Association in accordance with the
provisions of such letter agreement;
      (C)   Japan has made available to the Borrower a grant (the
Japanese Grant) in an amount of \1a25,200,000, out of said funds to
assist the Borrower in carrying out a portion of the technical
Page  2
assistance under the Project in accordance with the terms and
conditions of the agreement to be entered into between the Borrower
and the Association as Administrator of Grant Funds provided by
Japan (hereinafter the "Japanese Grant Agreement"); and
      (D)   a part of the Project will be carried out by National
Housing Corporation (NHC) with the Borrower's assistance and, as
part of such assistance, the Borrower will make available to NHC a
part of the proceeds of the Credit as provided in this Agreement;
and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Project
Agreement of even date herewith between the Association and NHC;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "eligible beneficiary" means residents of Vanuatu with
household incomes of 80,000 VT per month (gross) or less as adjusted
from time to time in a manner satisfactory to the Association, and
who do not own a dwelling or property in the vicinity of Port Vila
or Luganville;
      (b)   "Housing Refinance Facility" or"HRF" means that facility
established in accordance with the terms of Section 3.04 of this
Agreement;
      (c)   "NHC" means the Borrower's National Housing Corporation,
established by, and operating under, the National Housing Corpora-
tion Act (No. 37 of 1985);
      (d)   "Participation Agreement" means that agreement entered
into between the Borrower and a PI in accordance with the provisions
of Section 3.05 of this Agreement;
      (e)   "Participating Intermediary" or "PI" means any bank or
other financial institution, which has been appraised by the
Borrower and after consultation is satisfactory to the Borrower and
to the Association, and which will onlend funds under the Project;
      (f)   "Policy Statement" means the statement adopted by the
Board of NHC in November 1989, setting out the objectives, policies,
programs and procedures of NHC;
      (g)   "Project Agreement" means the agreement between the
Association and National Housing Corporation (NHC), of even date
herewith, as the same may be amended from time to time, and such
term includes all schedules and agreements supplemental to the
Project Agreement;
      (h)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement; and
      (i)   "VT" or "vatu" means the currency of the Borrower.
                            ARTICLE II
Page  3
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to two million five hundred thousand Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 2,500,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in Reserve
Bank of Vanuatu on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association. Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account
shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 4 to
this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1995 or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restric-
tions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower;
and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for the
purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other
eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on May 1 and November 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each May 1 and November 1 commencing
November 1, 2001 and ending May 1, 2031. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on May 1, 2011 shall be one
percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each installment
thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due considera-
Page  4
tion by them of the development of the Borrower's economy, modify
the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the Credit
shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end:
            (i)    shall carry out, or cause to be carried out,
                   Parts A, C, D and E of the Project with due
                   diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
                   appropriate administrative and financial prac-
                   tices and shall provide, promptly as needed, the
                   funds, facilities, services and other resources
                   required for such Parts of the Project; and
            (ii)   without limitation or restriction upon any of
                   its other obligations under the Development
                   Credit Agreement, the Borrower shall cause NHC
                   to carry out Part B of the Project and to per-
                   form all its obligations set forth in the Pro-
                   ject Agreement, shall take or cause to be taken
                   all action, including the provision of funds,
                   facilities, services and other resources, neces-
                   sary or appropriate to enable NHC to perform
                   such obligations, and shall not take or permit
                   to be taken any action which would prevent or
                   interfere with such performance.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for Parts B, C, D and E of the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower and the Association hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of Part
B of the Project shall be carried out by NHC pursuant to Section
2.03 of the Project Agreement.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall establish, or cause to be
established, a housing refinance facility to refinance through
Participating Intermediaries mortgages for the purchase of lots
developed by NHC and for the construction of homes by eligible
beneficiaries in Port Vila and Luganville, which facility shall be
Page  5
satisfactory to the Association and shall include, inter alia, those
provisions set out in Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.05. The Borrower shall enter into a Participation
Agreement with each Participating Intermediary on terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Association, including those set out
in Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.06. The Borrower shall each year until completion of
the Project, beginning June 30, 1992:
      (a)   review jointly with the Association, the operation and
performance of the HRF, including compliance with the relevant HRF
guidelines, and furnish to the Association a copy of the results of
such review as soon as available; and
      (b)   review the achievement of the following performance
targets of NHC: deposits shall have been received for at least 75%
of all lots prior to start of construction, an average margin on
direct development costs of at least 25% shall have been achieved by
NHC on lots sold during the year, at least 95% of all leases shall
have been converted into mortgages at the end of the original lease
term, and arrears on lease payment collections shall be no more than
5%.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of Parts A, C, D and E of the Project of the
departments or agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out
the Project or any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section including those
                   for the Special Account for each fiscal year
                   audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                   principles consistently applied, by independent
                   auditors acceptable to the Association;
            (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as avail-
                   able, but in any case not later than nine months
                   after the end of each such year, a certified
                   copy of the report of such audit by said audi-
                   tors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                   Association shall have reasonably requested; and
            (iii)  furnish to the Association such other informa-
                   tion concerning said records, accounts and the
                   audit thereof as the Association shall from time
                   to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account for Parts A, C, D and E of the Project were
made on the basis of statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in accor-
                   dance with paragraph (a) of this Section, re-
                   cords and accounts reflecting such expenditures;
            (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the Asso-
                   ciation has received the audit report for the
                   fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from
                   the Credit Account or payment out of the Special
                   Account was made, all records (contracts, or-
                   ders, invoices, bills, receipts and other docu-
                   ments) evidencing such expenditures;
Page  6
            (iii)  enable the Association's representatives to
                   examine such records; and
            (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are in-
                   cluded in the annual audit referred to in para-
                   graph (b) of this Section and that the report of
                   such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                   auditors as to whether the statements of expen-
                   diture submitted during such fiscal year, to-
                   gether with the procedures and internal controls
                   involved in their preparation, can be relied
                   upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   NHC shall have failed to perform any of its obligations
under the Project Agreement.
      (b)   The Policy Statement shall have been amended, suspended,
abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially and
adversely the ability of NHC to perform any of its obligations under
the Project Agreement.
      (c)   As a result of events which have occurred after the date
of the Development Credit Agreement, an extraordinary situation
shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that NHC will be
able to perform its obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (d)   The National Housing Corporation Act shall have been
amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect
materially and adversely the ability of NHC to perform any of its
obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (e)   The Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment
of NHC or for the suspension of its operations.
      (f)   (i)    Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph:
                   (A)   The right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                         proceeds of any loan or grant made to the
                         Borrower for the financing of the Project
                         shall have been suspended, cancelled or
                         terminated in whole or in part, pursuant
                         to the terms thereof, or
                   (B)   any such loan shall have become due and
                         payable prior to the agreed maturity
                         thereof.
            (ii)   Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not
                   apply if the Borrower establishes to the satis-
                   faction of the Association that: (A) such sus-
                   pension, cancellation, termination or prematuri-
                   ng is not caused by the failure of the Borrower
                   to perform any of its obligations under such
                   agreement; and (B) adequate funds for the Pro-
                   ject are available to the Borrower from other
                   sources on terms and conditions consistent with
                   the obligations of the Borrower under this
                   Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 5.01 of
Page  7
this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of sixty
days after notice thereof shall have been given by the Association
to the Borrower; and
      (b)   any event specified in paragraphs (b), (c), (d), (e) and
(f) (i) of Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   at least one Participation Agreement shall have been
signed; and
      (b)   all arrangements to carry out Schedule 2, Part D.1 shall
have been completed, including obtaining a lease for an alternative
site which permits such site to be used for waste disposal.
      Section 6.02. The following is specified as an additional
matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association, namely, that the Project Agreement has
been duly authorized or ratified by NHC, and is legally binding upon
NHC in accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Minister of Finance of the Borrower is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Minister of Finance
            Ministry of Finance
            P.M.B. 058
            Port Vila
            Vanuatu
                                           Telex:
                                             1040 VANGOV NH
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
Page  8
signed in their respective names, as of the day and year first above
written.
                   REPUBLIC OF VANUATU
                   By /s/ S. Molisa
                                         Authorized Representative
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                   By /s/ A. Karaosmanoglu
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                            Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1) Subloans                     820,000        75% of eligible
                                                mortgage loans
(2) Civil works                  630,000        90%
(3) Goods                        360,000        100% of foreign
                                                expenditures;
                                                100% of local
                                                expenditures
                                                (ex-factory
                                                cost); 70%
                                                of local
                                                expenditures for
                                                other items
                                                procured locally
(4) Consulting                   390,000        100%
    services,
    technical
    assistance,
    and training
(5) Unallocated                  300,000
                               _________
         TOTAL                 2,500,000
                               =========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower; and
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
Page  9
territory of the Borrower.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for expendi-
tures prior to the date of this Agreement, except that withdrawals,
in an aggregate amount not to exceed SDR 250,000 may be made in
respect of Categories (2), (3) and (4) on account of payments made
for expenditures before that date but after July 15, 1990.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to provide affordable
housing to middle and lower income groups, improve sector policies
to develop a market-based housing development and finance system and
a sound institutional framework, and increase long-term finance from
the private sector for housing for middle and lower income groups.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:
      Provision of financing for about 400 lower and middle income
households through the Housing Refinance Facility channelled through
Participating Intermediaries to partially finance through long-term
mortgages the purchase of:
      (1)   serviced lots developed by NHC on two sites (one in Port
            Vila and one in Luganville), which lots include piped
            municipal water supply, gravel roads, drainage and on-
            site sanitary systems; and
      (2)   houses to be constructed at such sites.
Part B:     Strengthening NHC by training NHC staff and by providing
technical assistance for planning and engineering design for
development sites, and development of internal NHC systems and
procedures, including provision of a new office building, vehicles
and equipment.
Part C:
      Off-site improvements to the existing water supply facilities
and network in Port Vila and Luganville, consisting of main
extensions and replacements to ensure adequate supply of water to
the new NHC lots.
Part D:
1.    Relocating the existing Port Vila rubbish dump.
2.    Strengthening solid waste management by providing equipment
and vehicles and operational assistance and training.
Part E:
      Strengthening the capacities of the Borrower to formulate
sound and appropriate housing and urban development policies,
through the provision of technical assistance.
                             *   *   *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1994.
                            SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Page  10
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
      Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in Vanuatu may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Contracts for civil works may be awarded on the basis of
competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.    Goods estimated to cost the equivalent of $100,000 or less may
be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of competitive
bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with procedures satisfac-
tory to the Association.
3.    Goods estimated to cost the equivalent of $50,000 or less per
contract, up to an aggregate of $250,000 equivalent, may be procured
under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations obtained from at least three suppliers eligible under the
Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the
Association.
4.    Installation of off-site water supply improvements up to an
aggregate amount equivalent to $100,000 may be carried out through
force account.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $150,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of the
Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Association has
authorized withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
Page  11
      In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfac-
tory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consul-
tants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing
Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1),
(2), (3) and (4) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule
1 to this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $250,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited in the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association re-
                  quests for deposits into the Special Account at
                  such intervals as the Association shall specify.
            (ii)  Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                  by said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
      All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from
the Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in
the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by
said documents and other evidence.
Page  12
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
      Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
                            SCHEDULE 5
          Guidelines for the Housing Rediscount Facility
1.    HRF is to assist eligible beneficiaries in obtaining credit to
purchase serviced lots and to build their own dwelling.
2.    The Borrower will bear all foreign exchange risks associated
with the Credit.
Page  13
3.    The Credit will be channelled through the Reserve Bank of
Vanuatu (RBV) at the prevailing RBV Secure Lending Rate (SLR) less
50 basis points to cover RBV's administrative costs.
4.    Participating Intermediaries shall lend to the eligible
beneficiaries at a variable rate (related to the SLR) at market
rates with a spread expected to be about 400 - 500 basis points. The
Participating Intermediaries shall bear the credit risk.
