Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2231 CE
             (Poverty Alleviation Project)
                        between
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                               and
                 JANASAVIYA TRUST FUND
                   Dated May 8, 1991
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2231 CE
                   PROJECT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated May 8, 1991, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and JANASAVIYA
TRUST FUND (the Trust).
     WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of
even date herewith between Democratic Socialist Republic
of Sri Lanka (the Borrower) and the Association, the
Association has agreed to make available to the Borrower
an amount in various currencies equivalent to forty
million six hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 40,600,000), on the terms and conditions set forth
in the Development Credit Agreement, but only on
condition that the Trust agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Association as are set forth in
this Agreement;
     (B)  by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered
into between the Borrower and the Trust, part of the
Page  2
proceeds of the credit provided for under the Development
Credit Agreement will be made available to the Trust on
the terms and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary
Loan Agreement; and
     WHEREAS the Trust, in consideration of the
Association's entering into the Development Credit
Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
                      Definitions
     Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the Development Credit
Agreement, the Preamble to this Agreement and in the
General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                      ARTICLE II
               Execution of the Project
     Section 2.01. (a) The Trust declares its commitment
to the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule
2 to the Development Credit Agreement, and, to this end,
shall carry out Part A of the Project with due diligence
and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial and engineering practices, and
shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as
needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for the Project.
     (b)  Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section and except as the
Association and the Trust shall otherwise agree, the
Trust shall carry out the Project in accordance with the
Implementation Program set forth in the Schedule to this
Agreement.
     Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods, works and
consultants' services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to the
Development Credit Agreement.
     Section 2.03. The Trust shall carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to
insurance, use of goods and services, plans and
schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project
Agreement and Part A of the Project.
     Section 2.04. The Trust shall duly perform all its
obligations under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except
as the Association shall otherwise agree, the Trust shall
not take or concur in any action which would have the
effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
     Section 2.05. (a) The Trust shall, at the request of
the Association, exchange views with the Association with
regard to the progress of the Project, the performance of
its obligations under this Agreement and under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters relating to
the purposes of the Credit.
Page  3
     (b)  The Trust shall promptly inform the Association
of any condition which interferes or threatens to
interfere with the progress of the Project, the
accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit, or the
performance by the Trust of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
     Section 2.06. The Trust shall, for the purpose of
providing Loans and grants under the Project to Partner
Organizations, enter into Participation Agreements with
such Partner Organizations on terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Association, which shall include
those outlined in the Schedule to this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
        Management and Operations of the Trust
     Section 3.01. The Trust shall carry on its
operations and conduct its affairs in accordance with
sound administrative and financial practices under the
supervision of qualified and experienced management
assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers.
     Section 3.02. The Trust shall take out and maintain
with responsible insurers, or make other provision
satisfactory to the Association for, insurance against
such risks and in such amounts as shall be consistent
with appropriate practice.
     Section 3.03. The Trust shall:
     (a)  in accordance with a program satisfactory to
the Association, review the methods and results of its
endeavors;
     (b)  by June 30, 1993 appoint consultants to conduct
an independent review of such endeavors, in accordance
with terms of reference satisfactory to the Association;
and
     (c)  cause said consultants to furnish their report
by December 31, 1993.
     Section 3.04. The Trust shall manage and invest the
funds extended by the Borrower pursuant to the provisions
of Section 3.04 of the Development Credit Agreement, in
a manner satisfactory to the Association.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) The Trust shall maintain records
and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices its operations and financial
condition.
     (b)  The Trust shall:
          (i)  have its records, accounts and financial
               statements (balance sheets, statements of
               income and expenses and related
               statements) for each fiscal year audited,
               in accordance with appropriate auditing
               principles consistently applied, by
               independent auditors acceptable to the
               Association;
          (ii) furnish to the Association as soon as
               available, but in any case not later than
Page  4
               four months after the end of each such
               year: (A) certified copies of its
               financial statements for such year as so
               audited; and (B) the report of such audit
               by said auditors, of such scope and in
               such detail as the Association shall have
               reasonably requested; and
         (iii) furnish to the Association such other
               information concerning said records,
               accounts and financial statements as well
               as the audit thereof, as the Association
               shall from time to time reasonably
               request.
                       ARTICLE V
             Effective Date; Termination;
              Cancellation and Suspension
     Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Development Credit
Agreement becomes effective.
     Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations
of the Association and of the Trust thereunder shall
terminate on the earlier of the following two dates:
          (i)  the date on which the Development Credit
               Agreement shall terminate in accordance
               with its terms; or
          (ii) the date twenty-five years after the date
               of this Agreement.
     (b)  If the Development Credit Agreement terminates
in accordance with its terms before the date specified in
paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the Association shall
promptly notify the Trust of this event.
     Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VI
               Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:            Telex:
               INDEVAS                197688 (ITT)
Page  5
               Washington, D.C.       248423 (RCA)
                                       64145 (WUI) or
                                       82987 (FTCC)
     For the Trust:
          Janasaviya Trust Fund
          5th Floor, Unity Plaza Building
          Colombo 4, Sri Lanka
     Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of the Trust may
be taken or executed by its Managing Director or such
other person or persons as the Trust shall designate in
writing, and the Trust shall furnish to the Association
sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
     Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/ Attila Karaosmanoglu
                                Regional Vice President
                                                   Asia
               JANASAVIYA TRUST FUND
               By /s/ Susantha de Alwis
                              Authorized Representative
                       SCHEDULE
                Implementation Program
               for Part A of the Project
Part A:   Credit under Part A.1 of the Project
1.   Terms for onlending from the Borrower to the Trust
     Interest rate              :  3% per annum
     Amortization period        :  25 years, inclusive of
                                   5 years of grace
     Foreign exchange risk      :  to be borne by Borrower
2.   Terms for relending from the Trust to Partner
Organizations
     Interest rate           :  at least 7% per annum
     Amortization period     :  in line with maturities of
                                Sub-loans, provided it will
                                not exceed 3 years inclusive
Page  6
                                6 months of grace
     (a)   A Loan under the Credit Fund is extended
following  appraisal of an application carried out in
accordance with guidelines satisfactory to the
Association.
     (b)   Each Partner Organization is to have at least
two years' experience lending to the rural poor, and
achieved a collection ratio of at least 70% for two years
preceding submission of the Loan application.
     (c)   Failure to repay Loans as scheduled renders a
Partner Organization ineligible for further Loans under
Part A.1 of the Project during the period for which
arrears are outstanding.
     (d)  Each Partner Organization is to establish and
maintain an accounting and financial reporting system in
accordance with guidelines satisfactory to the
Association, and is to have its accounts audited annually
by an independent auditor.
     (e)   Continued access to the Credit Fund by any
Partner Organization requires a Sub-loan collection rate
of at least 90%.
3.   Terms for Sub-loans to Beneficiaries
     Interest Rate            : not less than the average
                                weighted rate charged by
                                the Commercial Banks, Development
                                Finance Corporation of Ceylon,
                                National Development Bank of
                                Sri Lanka, Regional Rural
                                Development Banks, Credit
                                Societies and Cooperatives
                                as published semi-annually
                                by the Central Bank of Sri Lanka
     Amortization period      : determined by the respective
                                Partner Organization, pro-
                                vided it will not exceed
                                3 years inclusive 6 months
                                of grace
     Rescheduling             : once, for a maximum period
                                of two years
     Maximum Sub-loan size    : $1,000 equivalent
     Maximum cumulative       : $1,000 equivalent
     borrowings under
     Sub-loans per
     Beneficiary
     (a)  Sub-loans are directed at assisting the rural
poor develop remunerative uses for their time and skills,
through financing productive activities in agriculture,
artisanal production, transport, petty trading and other
village activities.
     (b)  Activities financed under any Sub-loan are to
be technically feasible and manageable by the
Beneficiary, and are to improve the standard of living
and quality of life.
     (c)  Beneficiaries are enrolled in a savings program
with the relevant Partner Organization throughout the
Sub-loan period.
     (d)  Goods and services to be financed under any
Sub-loan shall be purchased in accordance with the
Page  7
provisions of Section I of Schedule 4 to the Development
Credit Agreement.
4.   Adjustment of Terms
     Terms specified above for the Trust, Partner
Organizations and Beneficiaries, shall be reviewed on
each January 1 and July 1 and if necessary, adjusted,
based on procedures agreed upon by the Borrower, the
Association and the Trust.
Part B:   Human Resources Development under Part A.2 of
          the Project
1.   The Trust provides grants under the Human Resource
Development Fund to eligible Partner Organizations for:
     (a)  Human Resource Development
          Group formation, awareness building, and
training in skills and entrepreneurship development of
the rural poor, mainly in support of programs under Part
A of the Project.
     (b)  Institutional Development
          Strengthening the management and operational
capabilities of Partner Organization, mainly in the
implementation of programs outlined under Part A of the
Project.
2.   (a)  Each Partner Organization is to have at least
one year of experience in group mobilization and training
of the poor.
     (b)  Each Partner Organization has submitted a
medium term plan acceptable to the Trust, for human
resource development in support of programs under Part A
of the Project.
Part C:   Rural Works
1.   The Trust provides grants under the Rural Works Fund
to eligible Partner Organizations for rural
infrastructure projects.
2.   Each rural infrastructure project eligible to
receive grants under the Rural Works Fund:
     (a)  has a labor content in excess of 50% of total
project cost;
     (b)  generates maximum employment and use local
labor to the extent possible; and
     (c)  meets technical requirements.
Part D:   Nutrition
     The Trust provides grants under the Nutrition Fund
to eligible Partner Organizations to reduce malnutrition
among infants, pregnant women and lactating mothers
through, inter alia, growth monitoring, delivery of
nutrition services, nutrition education and thriposha
distribution.
Page  8
