Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2575 MAU
                   Development Credit Agreement
                  (Agricultural Services Project)
                              between
                  ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF MAURITANIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                       Dated April 26, 1994
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2575 MAU
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 26, 1994, between ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF
MAURITANIA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   part of the Project will be carried out by the Societe
Nationale de Developpement Rural (SONADER) with the Borrower's
assistance and, as part of such assistance, the Borrower will make
available to SONADER part of the proceeds of the Credit as provided
in this Agreement;
      (C)   the Association has received a letter dated January 19,
1994, from the Borrower describing the sector policy designed to
improve agricultural services and strengthen the linkage between
extension, research and agricultural training (the Program) and
Page  2
declaring the Borrower's commitment to the execution of the Program;
and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Project
Agreement of even date herewith between the Association and SONADER;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Project Agreement" means the agreement between the
Association and SONADER of even date herewith, as the same may be
amended from time to time, and such term includes all schedules and
agreements supplemental to the Project Agreement;
      (b)   "Subsidiary Grant Agreement" means the agreement to be
entered into between the Borrower and SONADER pursuant to
Section 3.02 (b) of this Agreement, as the same may be amended from
time to time, and such term includes all schedules to the Subsidiary
Grant Agreement;
      (c)   "Special Account" means the accounts referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (d)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advances granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to an exchange of letters dated March 30, 1992 and April 7,
1992; and September 30, 1993 and October 1, 1993, respectively,
between the Borrower and the Association;
      (e)   "MDRE" means the Ministere du Developpement Rural et de
l'Environnement", the Ministry of Rural Development and Environment
of the Borrower;
      (f)   "CP/MDRE" means Cellule de Planification, the
Planification Unit of MDRE;
      (g)   "Delegations Regionales" means the regional offices of
MDRE established after the decentralization of the Ministry by
Decree 22-93 PM of March 3, 1993;
      (h)   "CNRADA" means Centre National de Recherche Agronomique
et de Developpement Agricole, the National Agricultural Research
Center of MDRE located in Kaedi;
      (i)   "CNERV" means the Centre National de l'Elevage et de
Recherche Veterinaire, the National Livestock Research Center of
MDRE located in Nouakchott;
      (j)   "ENFVA" means the Ecole Nationale de Formation et de
Vulgarisation Agricole", the National Agricultural Training and
Extension School of MDRE located in Kaedi;
      (k)   "CFCB" means the Centre de Formation Cooperatif de
Boghe, the Boghe Cooperative Training Center;
      (l)   "DRFV" means Direction de la Recherche-Formation-
Vulgarisation, the Department of Research, Training and Extension of
MDRE located in Nouakchott;
Page  3
      (m)   "ISS" means Institut Superieur Scientifique, the
National Higher Scientific Institute of the Ministry of Education of
the Borrower located in Nouakchott;
      (n)   "CNRA" means Conseil National de Recherche Agricole, the
National Agricultural Research Council to be established under the
Project;
      (o)   "CST" means Commission Scientifique et Technique, the
Scientific and Technical Commission of CNRA to be established under
the Project;
      (p)   "IAPSO" means Inter-Agency Procurement Services Offices
of UNDP;
      (q)   "ouguiya(s)" and "UM" (ouguiyas mauritaniens) means the
currency of the Borrower;
      (r)   "Project Area" means the territory of the Borrower with
the exception of the Regions "Tiris-Zemur", "Inchiri" and "Dakhlet
Nouadhibou"; and
      (s)   "Amextipe" means Agence Mauritanienne d'Execution des
Travaux d'Interet Public et pour l'Emploi, created December 2, 1992
and authorized by Government Recipisse de Reconnaissance
No. 2161/MIPT/DAPLP/SLP dated December 3, 1992.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to thirteen million one hundred thousand Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 13,100,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in convertible ouguiyas two special deposit
accounts (Special Account A for MDRE; and Special Account B for
SONADER) in a commercial bank in Nouakchott, acceptable to the
Association, on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association. Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special
Accounts shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance
shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 2000 or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
Page  4
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next date in that year specified in
Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on April 15 and October 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in
semiannual installments payable on each April 15 and October 15,
commencing April 15, 2004 and ending October 15, 2033. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on October 15,
2013 shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time provided that, in the judgment of the Association, such
revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out the Project, through
MDRE with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial, agricultural extension,
research, and environmental practices, and shall provide, promptly
Page  5
as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources
required for the Project.
      Section 3.02. (a) Without any limitation or restriction upon
any of its other obligations under the Development Credit Agreement,
the Borrower shall cause SONADER to carry out Parts B, C.2 and D.2
of the Project and to perform in accordance with the provisions of
the Project Agreement all the obligations of SONADER therein set
forth, shall take and cause to be taken all action, including the
provision of funds, facilities, services and other resources,
necessary or appropriate to enable SONADER to perform such
obligations, and shall not take or permit to be taken any action
which would prevent or interfere with such performance.
      (b)   Pursuant to paragraph (a) of this Section, the Borrower
shall make the proceeds of the Credit allocated from time to time to
Categories (2)(c); (3)(c); (4)(c); and (6)(c) of the table set forth
in paragraph (1) of Schedule 1 to this Agreement available to
SONADER as a grant under a Subsidiary Grant Agreement to be entered
into between the Borrower and SONADER, under terms and conditions
which shall have been approved by the Association.
      (c)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
Subsidiary Grant Agreement in such manner as to protect the
interests of the Borrower and the Association and to accomplish the
purposes of the Credit and, except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or
waive the Subsidiary Grant Agreement or any provision thereof.
      (d)   Without limitation or restriction of its obligations
under paragraphs (a), (b), and (c) of this Section, and except as
the Borrower and the Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower
shall: (i) carry out the Project through MDRE in accordance with the
Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 4 to this Agreement;
(ii) provide in its annual budget amounts adequate to cover its
counterpart contributions to the costs of the Project; (iii) open
and maintain in a commercial bank in Nouakchott an account (the
Project Account) to be used exclusively to meet expenditures under
the Project; and deposit into the Project Account: (A) an initial
amount of $100,000; and (B) the remaining amount of its counterpart
contributions, quarterly in advance, according to a schedule of
payments agreed upon between the Borrower and the Association.
      (e)   The Borrower shall: (i) no later than December 31, 1996,
or at such later date as the Association and the Borrower shall
agree upon, carry out jointly with the Association and SONADER an
in-depth review of Project implementation (mid-term review) to
assess on the basis of the key monitoring indicators agreed upon
between the Borrower and the Association: (A) the overall progress
made in carrying out the Project, including its benefits and costs;
(B) the performance of agencies and entities participating in the
Project; (C) the extent to which the institutional objectives of the
Project have been achieved; and (D) the results of the study on
generation, adoption and diffusion of agricultural technologies
referred to in paragraph (6) of Schedule 4 to this Agreement; (ii)
furnish to the Association, not later than one month prior to such
mid-term review, a report, intended to prepare such review, with
proposals to improve the effectiveness of Project implementation, as
the case may be; and (iii) following such review, act promptly and
diligently in taking any action deemed necessary by the participants
of the mid-term review.
      Section 3.03. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower and the Association hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of Parts
Page  6
B, C.2 and D.2 of the Project shall be carried out by SONADER
pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Project Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain, and shall cause
to be maintained, records and accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices the operations, resources
and expenditures in respect of the Project of the departments or
agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying  out the Project
or any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section, including those
                  for Special Accounts A and B, for each fiscal
                  year audited in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the
                  Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year, a certified copy of
                  the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and the audit
                  thereof as the Association shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the
                  Association has received the audit for the fiscal
                  year in which the last withdrawal from the Credit
                  Account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   A situation has arisen which shall make it improbable
that the Program, or a significant part thereof, will be carried
Page  7
out.
      (b)   SONADER shall have failed to perform any of its
obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (c)   As a result of events which have occurred after the date
of the Development Credit Agreement, an extraordinary situation
shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that SONADER will
be able to perform its obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (d)   Decree No. 92069 of November 23, 1992 of the Borrower,
reorganizing SONADER, shall have been amended, suspended, abrogated,
repealed or waived so as to affect materially and adversely the
ability of SONADER to perform any of its obligations under the
Project Agreement.
      (e)   The Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment
of SONADER or for the suspension of its operations.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   the event specified in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of
Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a
period of sixty days after notice thereof shall have been given by
the Association to the Borrower;
      (b)   the events specified in paragraphs (d) and (e) of
Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur; and
      (c)   Decree No.: 22-93 PM of March 3, 1993 of the Borrower
regulating the reorganization of MDRE shall have been repealed or
substantially modified.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   the Subsidiary Grant Agreement has been executed on
behalf of the Borrower and SONADER;
      (b)   an accounting system for the Project, satisfactory to
the Association, has been established and a qualified accountant has
been recruited to keep the accounts of DRFV;
      (c)   the Borrower has opened the Project Account referred to
in Section 3.02 (d) (iii) of this Agreement and deposited the amount
of $100,000 equivalent therein; and
      (d)   the independent auditor referred to in Section 4.01 (b)
of this Agreement has been appointed in accordance with the
provisions of Section II of Schedule 3 to this Agreement under a
multi-year contract.
      Section 6.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association:
      (a)   the Project Agreement has been duly authorized or
ratified by SONADER and is legally binding upon SONADER in
accordance with its terms; and
      (b)   the Subsidiary Grant Agreement has been duly authorized
or ratified by the Borrower and SONADER and is legally binding upon
the Borrower and SONADER in accordance with its terms.
Page  8
      Section 6.03. The date of 120 days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Minister of Planning of the Borrower is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministere du Plan
            BP 238
            Nouakchott
            Mauritania
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                  MP                          840 MTN
                  Nouakchott
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                    197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF MAURITANIA
                  By /s/ Mohamed Fall Ainina
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
Page  9
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1) Civil works:                                100% of foreign
                                                expenditures
    (a)  MDRE                  2,940,000        and 95% of
                                                local expendi-
    (b)  Research                220,000        tures
         Institutes
(2) Vehicles, equipment                         100%
    and materials:
    (a)  MDRE                  2,130,000
    (b)  Research                570,000
         Institutes
    (c)  SONADER                 350,000
(3) Consultants'                                100%
    services:
    (a)  MDRE                    700,000
    (b)  Research                200,000
         Institutes
    (c)  SONADER                  40,000
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(4) Training:
    (a)  MDRE                    860,000        80%
    (b)  Research                150,000        100%
         Institutes
    (c)  SONADER                 140,000        80%
(5) Research Fund                360,000        100%
(6) Incremental
    Operating Costs:
    (a)  MDRE                  1,720,000        80%
    (b) Research                 430,000        100%
        Institutes
    (c) SONADER                  380,000        80%
(7) Refunding of                 570,000        Amount due pur-
    Project Prepara-                            suant to Section
    tion Advance                                2.02 (c) of this
                                                Agreement
(8) Unallocated                1,340,000
                              __________
        TOTAL                 13,100,000
Page  10
                              ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower;
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower;
      (c)   the term "MDRE" means CP/MDRE and the Delegations
Regionales of the Ministry, DRFV, CFCB and ENFVA;
      (d)   the term "Research Institutes" means CNRADA, CNERV and
CNRA; and
      (e)   the term "incremental operating costs" means: (i) travel
allowances and local in-service training expenditures for extension
and research staff; (ii) operating and maintenance costs of
vehicles, equipment, furniture and buildings; and (iii) costs of
office and laboratory supplies and publications.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement;
      (b)   payments made, or to be made, in respect of expenditures
to be withdrawn from Categories (1)(b); (2)(b); (3)(b); (4)(b); (5);
and (6)(b), of the table set forth in paragraph 1 of this Schedule
unless the Borrower has: (i) adopted, in a form acceptable to the
Association, the research programs referred to under paragraph 2 (a)
of Part C of Schedule 2 to this Agreement; (ii) developed the lay-
out and development plan, satisfactory to the Association, referred
to under paragraph 2 (c) of Part C of Schedule 2 to this Agreement;
and (iii) has caused CNRADA and CNERV to enter into an agreement
with a qualified accounting firm acceptable to the Association,
under terms and conditions to include accounting for the Research
Fund, referred to in paragraph 3 of Part C of Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and such accountants having: (A) established a cost
accounting system; and (B) an opening balance for CNRADA and CNERV;
and
      (c)   payments made, or to be made, in respect of expenditures
to be withdrawn from Category (5) of the table set forth in
paragraph 1 of this Schedule, until CNERV and CNRADA have been
reorganized in accordance with the programs referred to under
paragraph (2)(a) of Part C of Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
4.    The Association may require withdrawals from the Credit
Account to be made on the basis of statements of expenditure for
expenditures under contracts not exceeding $20,000 equivalent, under
such terms and conditions as the Association shall specify by notice
to the Borrower.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objective of the Project is to assist the Borrower in
implementing the first five-year phase of its strategic plan aiming
at improving the performance of the national extension and research
system to increase agricultural productivity in a sustainable manner
through investments in extension, agricultural research and training
in the Project Area.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Institutional Development and Support to
Page  11
            Decentralization of MDRE
1.    Support DRFV and CP/MDRE to: (a) improve their institutional
capacity through assistance in: (i) definition of policy goals; (ii)
planning, programming and monitoring of extension services, research
and training; and (iii) collaboration with media, NGOs and farmer
organizations; (b) implement MDRE decentralization by providing
assistance to its Delegations Regionales; (c) establish a manpower
development plan for the agencies participating in the Project; (d)
reorganize CNERV and CNRADA as indicated in paragraph (2)(a) of Part
C of this Schedule; and (e) establish CNRA, including CST, with
functions acceptable to the Association enabling the accomplishment
of their obligations under Part C of this Schedule.
2.    (a)   Construction and rehabilitation of buildings at: (i)
MDRE headquarters and its Delegations Regionales; (ii) DRFV; (iii)
ENFVA; (iv) CFCB; (v) CNRADA and its research stations; and (vi)
CNERV and its research stations; (b) acquisition and maintenance for
CNRADA and CNERV of: (i) research, and laboratory plant and
equipment; and (ii) agricultural equipment; (c) small agricultural
demonstration equipment for extension purposes; (d) office and
computing equipment; and (e) transport equipment.
Part B:     Agricultural Extension
      Support to the Borrower and SONADER to strengthen their
capacity to provide extension advise to male and female farmers and
herders through: (a) increased interaction between researchers,
farmers and extension agents by: (i) systematic farmer participation
in research and extension planning, execution and evaluation; and
(ii) implementation of participatory on-farm research; (b)
generation and diffusion of research findings through: (i) training
of extension agents by researchers; (ii) regular farm visits by
extension agents; (iii) implementation of incentives to reward
researchers for development of research relevant to farmer's needs;
and (iv) introduction of an extension-research evaluation system;
and (c) regular review of agricultural technologies at field level.
Part C:     Research Program Implementation and Management
1.    Strengthening the Borrower's capacity in agricultural research
through: (a) coordination of research activities at CNRADA, CNERV,
ISS, and the Universite de Nouakchott by CNRA and CST; (b)
assistance to CNRA and CST in reviewing and updating research
programs and evaluation of research proposals; and c) assistance to
CNRA and CST in programming, monitoring and evaluation of
agricultural research.
2.    Assisting CNRA and CST to: (a) define long-term research
programs and priorities and develop guidelines accordingly, taking
into account existing manpower resources; (b) include SONADER and
MDRE agents in the execution of such programs as referred to under
paragraph (a) heretofore; and (c) develop a lay-out and a
development plan for experimental stations and agricultural research
laboratories in conformity with such programs as referred to under
paragraph (a) heretofore.
3.    Assisting in the establishment and operation of a Research
Fund to finance contract research.
Part D:     Human Resource Development
1.    Improvement of the effectiveness of research scientists by
providing training in: (a) professional methodologies through
courses in, inter alia: (i) communication skills; (ii) research
identification and planning; (iii) participatory research
methodologies; and (b) scientific topics through courses in, and
exchange with, regional and/or international agricultural research
centers.
2.    Improvement of the effectiveness of: (a) SONADER's and MDRE's
extension agents by providing training through: (i) in-service
Page  12
courses; and (ii) retraining, notably, at ENFVA; and (b) subject
matter specialists through: (i) training by researchers; (ii)
courses at ENFVA, and other local and/or regional agricultural
training institutions; and (iii) courses abroad.
3.    Improvement of the skills of farmers as head of cooperatives
or producer groups through CFCB by providing courses in: (a) group
management and organization; (b) aspects pertaining to the economic
viability of cooperatives; and (c) functional literacy.
4.    Improvement of the effectiveness of ENFVA by providing for:
(a) program revision reflecting new requirements of public and
private agricultural development caused by the policy of state
disengagement; (b) training in: (i) communication skills; and (ii)
subject matter topics; (c) visiting lecturers; (d) creation of three
additional teaching posts; and (e) a review of the relevance of
ENFVA as an institution in its response to the needs of the various
agricultural professions.
                         *      *       *
      The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 2000.
                            SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part D hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines).
      (a)   For fixed-price contracts, the invitation to bid
referred to in paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines shall provide that,
when contract award is delayed beyond the original bid validity
period, the successful bidder's bid price will be increased for each
week of delay by two predisclosed correction factors acceptable to
the Association, one to be applied to all foreign currency
components and the other to the local currency component of the bid
price. Such an increase shall not be taken into account in the bid
evaluation.
      (b)   In the procurement of goods and works in accordance with
this Part A., the Borrower shall use the relevant standard bidding
documents issued by the Association, with such modifications thereto
as the Association shall have agreed to be necessary for the
purposes of the Project. Where no relevant standard bidding
documents have been issued by the Association, the Borrower shall
use bidding documents based on other internationally recognized
standard forms agreed with the Association.
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for works, equipment,
furniture and vehicles shall be grouped into bid packages estimated
to cost the equivalent of $100,000 or more.
3.    All goods shall be exempt from pre-shipment price inspection
by a third party inspection firm.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in the Islamic
Republic of Mauritania may be granted a margin of preference in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55
and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2
thereto.
Page  13
Part C:     Preference for Domestic Contractors
      In the procurement of works in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, the Borrower may grant a margin of
preference to domestic contractors in accordance with, and subject
to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraph 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    (a)   Contracts for works, administered by Amextipe, estimated
to cost the equivalent of $250,000 or less per contract, up to an
aggregate amount to be financed by the Association equivalent to
$4,200,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
competitive bidding, advertised locally in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Association.
      (b)   Contracts for equipment, and materials estimated to cost
the equivalent of $100,000 or less per contract, up to an aggregate
amount equivalent to $500,000, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of competitive bidding advertised locally in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.    Contracts for equipment, furniture and supplies estimated to
cost the equivalent of $50,000 or less per contract, up to an
aggregate amount equivalent to $300,000, may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price quotations
obtained from at least two suppliers eligible under the Guidelines,
from at least two different countries, eligible under the
Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the
Association, or from IAPSO.
Part E:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract administered by Amextipe,
for goods estimated to cost the equivalent of $100,000 or more, and
for works estimated to cost the equivalent of $250,000 or more, the
procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be
made out of a Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to
ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall
be furnished to the Association prior to the making of the first
payment out of a  Special Account in respect of such contract; with
respect to contracts not administered by Amextipe the respective
threshold shall be the equivalent of $100,000.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of a Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract, together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3, shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Development Credit
Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of para-
graph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to provide assistance in carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall employ, and shall cause SONADER to employ,
Page  14
consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms and
conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the Association.
Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the
"Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and
by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in
August 1981. For complex, time-based assignments, the Borrower shall
employ such consultants under contracts using the standard form of
contract for consultants' services issued by the Association with
such modifications as shall have been agreed by the Association.
Where no relevant standard contract documents have been issued by
the Association, the Borrower shall use other standard forms agreed
with the Association.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Section,
the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring prior
Association review or approval of budgets, short lists, selection
procedures, letters of invitation, proposals, evaluation reports and
contracts shall not apply to contracts estimated to cost less than
$ 100,000 equivalent each. However, this exception to prior
Association review shall not apply to the terms of reference for
such contracts nor to the employment of individuals, to single
source selection of firms, to assignments of a critical nature as
reasonably determined by the Association or to amendments of
contracts raising the contract value to $100,000 equivalent or
above.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                      Implementation Program
      The Borrower shall:
1.    establish a Project Coordinating Committee, with membership to
include representatives of CP/MDRE, DRFV, a member of the Ministry
of Plan, CNRADA, CNERV, SONADER, CFCB and ENFVA, under the
chairmanship of a high ranking official of MDRE, designated by its
Minister, to meet at least twice annually and with duties and
responsibilities to include inter alia regular control of: (a)
Project implementation of components by the respective implementing
agencies; (b) DRFV supervision of progress assessments and programs
implemented under the Project and its components;
2.    establish: (a) CNRA, with members, mandate and procedures
acceptable to the Association, with responsibility, inter alia to:
(i) review agricultural research policy and programs; (ii) propose
priorities; and (iii) issue guidelines accordingly; (b) CST with
qualified staff in sufficient numbers, acceptable to the
Association, to: (i) screen research programs submitted by CNRADA,
CNERV and ISS as to scientific quality, technological output and
compliance with CNRA established guidelines; (ii) review and
allocate the funds required for each such program as approved; (iii)
select such programs to be funded under the Research Fund referred
to under (c) of this paragraph; (iv) have all such programs referred
to under (ii) and (iii) of this paragraph (b) submitted through DRFV
to the Association for approval according to paragraph 4 (b) of this
Schedule prior to submission of said programs to MDRE for approval
and to DRFV for execution; and (v) serve as general scientific
advisor to MDRE in the field of agricultural research; and (c) the
Research Fund referred to in paragraph 3 of Part C of Schedule 2 tothis Agreement 
under management of DRFV, to finance CST selected,
and Association approved, research programs;
3.    hold, annually in November, and cause SONADER to participate
in, a project implementation review meeting with the Association
based on a Project implementation report for the past and the
following year, previously submitted by DRFV, to assess inter alia:
(a) the progress of the Project against agreed key monitoring
indicators; (b) the implementation of the long-term manpower
development plan for personnel involved in the execution of the
Project; (c) the adherence to sound extension management principles
as agreed to between the Association and the Borrower; (d) the
execution of means and policies intended to enhance extension agents
Page  15
mobility referred to in paragraph 10 of this Schedule; (e) the
adequacy of levels of training and formation allowances for
extension staff; and (f) staffing levels and staffing ratios for
extension agents according to the manpower table as included in the
key monitoring indicators;
4.    have DRFV submit to the Association: (a) bi-annual reports on
Project implementation and act in timely fashion on recommendations
agreed with the Association, if any; and (b) by December 15 of each
year during Project implementation, all annual research programs and
budgets selected by CST for approval;
5.    for the purpose of carrying out the Project, cause CP/MDRE,
DRFV, CNERV, CNRADA, ENFVA and CFCB to employ and maintain staff
with qualifications, experience, terms and conditions of employment,
all satisfactory to the Association, and DRFV, CNRADA, CNERV, ENFVA
and CFCB to retain qualified accountants at all times during Project
implementation;
6.    initiate six months prior to, and complete one month prior to,
the mid-term review referred to under paragraph (f) of Section 3.02
of this Agreement, a study on generation, adoption and diffusion of
agricultural technologies under terms of reference acceptable to the
Association and distribute said study to the Association prior to
said review;
7.    have an institutional audit carried out under terms of
reference acceptable to the Association, assessing the collaboration
of agencies participating in the Project including DRFV supervision
as referred to under paragraph 1 (b) of this Schedule 4 and the
results of MDRE decentralization, to be initiated prior to the mid-
term review referred to under Section 3.02 (f) of this Agreement,
and said audit to be distributed to the Association prior to such
review;
8.    cause DRFV to establish and implement a project monitoring
system in conformity with agreed key monitoring indicators; and
cause CP/MDRE, the Delegations Regionales and SONADER to contribute
in the establishment and implementation of said system;
9.    apply, and cause SONADER to apply, sound extension management
principles; and
10.   provide for, and cause all implementing agencies to provide
for: (a) directives encouraging; and means to sustain, mobility; (b)
adequate transport; and (c) appropriate travel allowances for all
extension staff, all satisfactory to the Association.
                            SCHEDULE 5
                         Special Accounts
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means: (i) in the case of
Special Account A, Categories (1) through (6) set forth in the table
in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and (ii) in the case
of Special Account B, Categories (2), (3), (4) and (6) of said
table;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $400,000 for Special Account A; and $100,000 for
Special Account B to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the Special Accounts pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Accounts shall be made exclusively
Page  16
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Accounts have been duly opened, withdrawals of the
respective Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to
replenish said Special Accounts shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the respective Authorized Allocation,
the Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests
for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount
of the respective Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such
request or requests, the Association shall, on behalf of the
Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into the
relevant Special Account such amount or amounts as the Borrower
shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of a Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                  requests for deposits into the relevant Special
                  Account at such intervals as the Association
                  shall specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the relevant Special Account such amount as the
                  Borrower shall have requested and as shall have
                  been shown by said documents and other evidence
                  to have been paid out of said Special Account for
                  eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of a Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into a Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
total Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Accounts as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
Page  17
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of a Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into said Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the relevant
Special Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such
evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in a Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in a
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraph 6
(a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
