Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
               Japanese Grant Agreement
             (Wildlife Management Project)
                        between
                   REPUBLIC OF KENYA
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
            as Administrator of Grant Funds
                    provided by the
             MINISTRY OF FINANCE OF JAPAN
                  Dated April 5, 1990
               JAPANESE GRANT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated April 5, 1990, between the
REPUBLIC OF KENYA (the Recipient) and the INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) acting as
Administrator (the Administrator),of grant funds
provided by the MINISTRY OF FINANCE OF JAPAN (the
Ministry).
     WHEREAS (A) pursuant to an arrangement dated July
14, 1989, between the Ministry and the Association, the
Ministry has requested the Association, and the
Association has agreed, to administer grant funds to be
made available by the Ministry for the financing of
certain technical assistance activities that address
the environmental aspects of programs and projects
supported by the Association in accordance with the
provisions of such letter agreement;
     WHEREAS (B) the Recipient has requested and the
Ministry has agreed to make available to the Recipient
a grant (the Grant) out of said grant funds to finance
the cost of carrying out the technical assistance
described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement (the
Technical Assistance) on the terms and conditions
hereinafter set forth;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, (the General Conditions) constitute an
Page  2
integral part of this Agreement, subject, however, to
the following modifications thereto:
     (a)  the term "Association", wherever used in the
General Conditions, other than in Section 6.02 (e)
thereof, means the International Development
Association acting as Administrator of the Grant
pursuant to the letter agreement between the Ministry
and the Association referred to in Recital (A) of this
Agreement, except that in Section 6.02, the term
"Association" shall also include the International
Development Association acting in its own capacity;
     (b)  the term "Borrower", wherever used in the
General Conditions, means the Recipient;
     (c)  the term "Development Credit Agreement",
wherever used in the General Conditions, means this
Agreement;
     (d)  the term "Credit", wherever used in the
General Conditions, means the Grant;
     (e)  the term "Credit Account", wherever used in
the General Conditions, shall be amended to read the
Grant Account;
     (f)  the term "Project", wherever used in the
General Conditions, means the technical assistance
described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement;
     (g)  Section 4.01. shall be modified to read:
          "Withdrawals from the Grant Account shall be
     made in yen; provided, however, that if the
     expenditures to be financed out of the proceeds of
     the Grant have been paid or are payable in another
     currency, the Administrator shall, at the request
     of the Recipient, purchase such currency with the
     proceeds of such withdrawal.";
     (h)  Sections 2.01 (7), (10), (11) and (14), 3.02,
3.03, 3.04, 3.05, 4.02, 4.03, 4.04, 4.06, 6.02 (a)(i)
and (f), 12.01, 12.02, 12.03, 12.04 and 12.05 are
deleted; and
     (i)  the term "KWS", means the Kenya Wildlife
Service.
     Section 1.02. Wherever used in this Agreement,
unless the context otherwise requires, the several
terms defined in the General Conditions and in the
Recitals to this Agreement have the respective meanings
therein set forth; and the terms "yen" and "Y" mean the
currency of Japan.
                      ARTICLE II
                       The Grant
     Section 2.01. The Administrator agrees to extend
to the Recipient, on the terms and conditions herein
set forth or referred to, the Grant in an amount of
eighty-four million yen (Y84,000,000).
     Section 2.02. The amount of the Grant may be
withdrawn from the Grant Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement, as such
Schedule may be amended from time to time by agreement
between the Recipient and the Administrator.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30,
Page  3
1991, or such later date as the Administrator shall
establish. The Administrator shall promptly notify the
Recipient of such later date.
                      ARTICLE III
         Execution of the Technical Assistance
     Section 3.01. (a) The Recipient shall carry out
the Technical Assistance with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial and environmental practices,
and shall provide, promptly as needed, the funds, faci-
lities, services and other resources required for the
Technical Assistance.
     (b)  Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section and except as the
Recipient and the Administrator shall otherwise agree,
the Recipient shall carry out the Technical Assistance
in accordance with the Implementation Program set forth
in Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
     Section 3.02. Except as the Administrator shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods and
consultants' services required for the Technical
Assistance and to be financed out of the proceeds of
the Grant shall be governed by the provisions of
Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
     Section 3.03. (a) The Recipient shall maintain or
cause to be maintained records and accounts adequate to
reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
the operations, resources and expenditures in respect
of the Technical Assistance of the departments or
agencies of the Recipient responsible for carrying out
the Technical Assistance or any part thereof.
     (b)  The Recipient shall:
          (i)  have the records and accounts referred
               to in paragraph (a) of this Section for
               each fiscal year audited, in accordance
               with appropriate auditing principles
               consistently applied, by independent
               auditors acceptable to the
               Administrator;
          (ii) furnish to the Administrator as soon as
               available, but in any case not later
               than six months after the end of each
               such year, a certified copy of the
               report of such audit by said auditors,
               of such scope and in such detail as the
               Administrator shall have reasonably
               requested; and
          (iii)     furnish to the Administrator such
                    other information concerning said
                    records and accounts and the audit
                    thereof as the Administrator shall
                    from time to time reasonably
                    request.
     (c)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Grant Account were made on the
basis of statements of expenditure, the Recipient
shall:
          (i)  maintain or cause to be maintained, in
               accordance with paragraph (a) of this
               Section, records and accounts reflecting
Page  4
               such expenditures;
          (ii) retain, until one year after the
               Administrator has received the audit
               report for the fiscal year in which the
               last disbursement from the Grant Account
               was made, all records (contracts,
               orders, invoices, bills, receipts and
               other documents) evidencing such
               expenditures;
          (iii)     enable the Administrator's
                    representatives to examine such
                    records; and
          (iv) ensure that such records and accounts
               are included in the annual audit
               referred to in paragraph (b) of this
               Section and that the report of such
               audit contains a separate opinion by
               said auditors as to whether the
               statements of expenditure submitted
               during such fiscal year, together with
               the procedures and internal controls
               involved in their preparation, can be
               relied upon to support the related
               withdrawals.
                      ARTICLE IV
              Effectiveness; Termination
     Section 4.01. This Agreement shall become
effective upon its execution by the parties hereto.
     Section 4.02. This Agreement shall continue in
effect until the Grant has been fully disbursed and the
parties to this Agreement have fulfilled their
obligations hereunder.
                       ARTICLE V
              Representation; Transfer of
                Rights and Obligations
     Section 5.01. The Minister at the time responsible
for Finance of the Recipient shall be the
representative of the Recipient for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
     Section 5.02. The following addresses are
specified for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the
General Conditions:
     For the Recipient:
          Ministry of Finance
          P.O. Box 30007
          Nairobi
          Kenya
          Cable address:           Telex:
               FINANCE                  22921 MINFINKE
               Nairobi                  Nairobi
     For the Administrator:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
Page  5
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS                  440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.              248423
(RCA) or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               REPUBLIC OF KENYA
               By /s/ D. D. Afande
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                 as Administrator of Grant Funds
                    provided by the
                 MINISTRY OF FINANCE OF JAPAN
               By /s/ Callisto Madavo
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                                                 Africa
                      SCHEDULE 1
        Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Grant
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Grant, the
allocation of the amount of the Grant to each Category
and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                       Amount of the
                      Grant Allocated      % of
                        (Expressed     Expenditures
   Category               in Yen)     to be Financed
(1)    Consultants'    58,800,000       100%
   services
(2)    Training and     7,000,000       100%
   workshops
(3)    Office equip-    9,800,000       100%
   ment
(4)    Transport        4,200,000       100%
(5)    Unallocated      4,200,000
   TOTAL               84,000,000
2.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1
above, no withdrawals shall be made in respect of
payments made for expenditures prior to the date of
Page  6
this Agreement or for goods or services not eligible
under this Agreement.
                      SCHEDULE 2
          Description of Technical Assistance
     The objective of the technical assistance is to:
(i) strengthen KWS to enable it to effectively manage
wildlife resources in Kenya; (ii) assist KWS to
formulate a comprehensive strategy and specific action
plans for the development and conservation of wildlife
resources; and (iii) define the extent and nature of
support needed for the development of the wildlife
sector over the next five years and for effective
coordination of donor support.
     The technical assistance consists of the following
parts, subject to such modifications thereof as the
Recipient and the Association may agree upon from time
to time to achieve such objectives.
1.   Reviewing and strengthening of the management and
organizational structure of KWS and identification of
training needs of KWS staff including specification of
role of a revitalized Wildlife Training School.
2.   Assistance to KWS to formulate a comprehensive
strategy and action plans covering, inter alia, the
following aspects: (a) legal and institutional
arrangements; (b) park and reserve management; (c)
dispersal area conflicts and management; (d) park,
reserve and dispersal areas infrastructure and
services; (e) role of public, private and community
sectors in the exploitation of wildlife; and (iv) donor
and NGO activities.
3.   Assistance to KWS in commencing implementation of
key elements of its strategy and the action plans and
in determination of priorities for donor support.
4.   Assistance to KWS in defining the nature and scope
of a project to be financed by donors and in carrying
other necessary preparatory work for the project,
including: (a) development of an effective management
and organizational structure for KWS; (b) improvement
of wildlife park and reserve management; (c) re-
habilitation and further development of infrastructure
and services in parks, reserves and dispersal areas;
(d) development of sustainable economic opportunities
for people living in and around parks; and (e)
provision of training to technical and managerial
personnel through the revitalization of the Wildlife
Training School.
5.   (a)  Training, including attendance at specialized
to improve the managerial and technical capabilities of
KWS staff.
     (b)  Running of specialized workshops to assist in
formulation of strategy and action plans.
6.   Acquisition of office and computer equipment and
transportation for above activities.
                      SCHEDULE 3
                Implementation Program
1.   Execution of the technical assistance outlined-in
Schedule 2 shall be the responsibility of Kenya
Wildlife Service, with the assistance of the
Page  7
consultants employed under Section II of Schedule 4.
The proposed consultants to be financed under this
Grant and their terms of reference shall be submitted
to the Association for endorsement before they commence
their duties.
2.   The core group of consultants are expected to
commence their work on the strengthening of the
management and organizational  structure of KWS and on
formulation of the comprehensive strategy and action
plans in April, 1990, following the completion of pre-
paratory work on the policy and institutional
framework. The selection of local consultants to work
on the strategy and action plans and who could later be
taken onto the staff of KWS, would commence
immediately, with some being appointed before April,
1990, to assist in the preparatory work. The
comprehensive strategy and action plans shall be
completed by the end of October, 1990, and shall be
reviewed with the Association and other interested
donors before the end of December, 1990.
                      SCHEDULE 4
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
     Except as provided in Part B hereof, goods shall
be procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections
I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May
1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:   Other Procurement Procedures
     Office and computer equipment may be procured
under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of
price quotations solicited from a list of at least
three suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the
Association.
Part C:   Review by the Administrator of Procurement
Decisions
1.   With respect to all contracts the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply.
2.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist KWS in carrying out the
technical assistance, the Borrower shall employ
consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms
and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to
the Association. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory
to the Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for
the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by
the World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the
Bank in August 1981.
Page  8
