Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2334 KE
          (Protected Areas and Wildlife Services Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
                      KENYA WILDLIFE SERVICE
                       Dated March 30, 1992
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2334 KE
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated March 30, 1992, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and KENYA WILDLIFE SERVICE
(KWS).
      WHEREAS: by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between Republic of Kenya (the Borrower) and the Associa-
tion, the Association has agreed to make available to the Borrower
an amount in various currencies equivalent to forty-four million
eight hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 44,800,000), on
the terms and conditions set forth in the Development Credit
Agreement, but only on condition that KWS agrees to undertake such
obligations toward the Association as are set forth in this
Agreement; and
      WHEREAS KWS, in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
Page  2
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement and in the
General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings
therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. KWS declares its commitment to the objectives of
the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit
Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering and wildlife conservation
practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as
needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for the Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. KWS shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.03 through 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to
insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records
and reports, maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in
respect of the Project Agreement.
      Section 2.04. (a) KWS shall, at the request of the Associa-
tion, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of the Project, the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement and other matters relating to the purposes of the
Credit.
      (b)   KWS shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Credit, or the performance by KWS of its obligations under this
Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                 Management and Operations of KWS
      Section 3.01. KWS shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial and
wildlife conservation practices under the supervision of qualified
and experienced management assisted by competent staff in adequate
numbers.
      Section 3.02. KWS shall at all times operate and maintain its
plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering and financial
practices.
      Section 3.03. KWS shall take out and maintain with responsible
insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the Association
for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be
consistent with appropriate practice.
      Section 3.04. (a) Without limitation or restriction to the
provisions of Section 9.01 of the General Conditions, KWS and the
Association agree to undertake not later than December 31, 1994, a
review of the progress of the Project based on performance in-
dicators satisfactory to the Association and pursuant to the
provisions of this Agreement. Said review shall cover, inter alia:
(i) performance of consultants; (ii) staff training; (iii) implemen-
Page  3
tation of tariff adjustments; (iv) development of the commercial
accounting system; (v) implementation of the corporate plan,
including financial targets, income statements and balance sheets
and KWS divesture strategy; (vi) proposed action plans for resolving
land-use conflicts; (vii) institutional arrangements to manage
wetlands; (viii) areas of legislative and policy reforms; and (ix)
the cooperation arrangements between KWS and the Forestry Depart-
ment.
      (b)   KWS shall promptly undertake such modifications in the
execution of the Project as shall be necessary, in the Association's
opinion, as a result of the review referred to in paragraph (a)
above, for the achievement of the objectives of the Project.
      (c)   In order to assist KWS carry out the review referred to
in paragraph (a) above, KWS shall, not later than September 30,
1994, employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms
and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the Associa-
tion.
      Section 3.05. (a) Without limitation to or restriction upon
its other reporting requirements under the General Conditions and
this Agreement, KWS shall, with effect from September 30, 1992,
until completion of the Project submit to the Association for review
on March 31 and September 30 of every year progress reports on the
implementation of the Project. Said progress reports shall cover,
inter alia: (i) institutional, technical and financial bottlenecks
in the achievement of the previous years plans; (ii) a comparison of
the implementation of each Project component against the original
design; and (iii) an evaluation of the overall Project implementa-
tion.
      (b)   In order to assist KWS prepare the progress reports
referred to in paragraph (a) above, KWS shall, not later than
June 30, 1992: (i) employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms of reference shall be satisfactory to the
Association to design a monitoring and reporting system for the
Project; and (ii) assign KWS staff in sufficient numbers to monitor
the implementation of the Project.
      Section 3.06. KWS shall: (a) not later than December 1 of each
year submit to the Association for review the annual work program
for the following year. Said work program shall cover, inter alia,
(i) progress in strengthening the management of KWS, including its
staffing position and training program, (ii) improvements in the
budget and information system, (iii) revenue forecasts, including
tariff adjustments, (iv) proposals for sharing revenues with
communities, (v) contributions to be received from the Borrower and
donors, and (vi) an evaluation of the previous year's operations;
and
      (b)   thereafter implement the annual work program and revise
its operational annual budget in accordance with the Association's
comments.
      Section 3.07. KWS shall, not later than June 30, 1992,
establish a Donor Coordination Secretariat in the Office of the
Director under terms and conditions satisfactory to the Association.
The Secretariat shall be responsible for coordinating donor
activities and reporting requirements of KWS.
      Section 3.08. KWS shall establish and maintain until comple-
tion of the Project the core management team referred to in Section
6.01 (a) of the Development Credit Agreement all with terms of
reference and experience satisfactory to the Association.
      Section 3.09. KWS shall: (a) not later than June 30, 1992,
carry out a review of the adequacy of salaries and incentives for
its staff; (b) not later than September 30, 1992, furnish to the
Association for comments the findings of said review; and (c)
thereafter implement proposals on improving salaries, taking into
account the Association's views.
Page  4
                            ARTICLE IV
                   Financial and Other Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) KWS shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   KWS shall:
            (i)    have its records, accounts and financial state-
                   ments (balance sheets, statements of income and
                   expenses and related statements) including the
                   Special Account and Management practices for
                   each fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                   appropriate auditing principles consistently
                   applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                   the Association;
            (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                   but in any case not later than six months after
                   the end of each such year (A) certified copies
                   of its financial statements for such year as so
                   audited, and (B) the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Association shall have reasonably re-
                   quested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Association such other informa-
                   tion concerning said records, accounts and
                   financial statements as well as the audit there-
                   of, as the Association shall from time to time
                   reasonably request.
      Section 4.02. KWS shall:
      (a)   not later than March 31 of each year furnish to the
Association for review and comments its Annual Corporate Plan for
the following year. Said Plan shall include, inter alia, financial
targets, investment program, profitability forecasts and projected
balance sheet; and
      (b)   thereafter implement the Annual Corporate Plan taking
into account the Association's views.
      Section 4.03. KWS shall, not later than June 30, 1992,
implement a commercial accounting system satisfactory to the
Association.
      Section 4.04. KWS shall:
      (a)   not later than June 30, 1992, carry out a tourist tariff
study under terms of reference satisfactory to the Association;
      (b)   soon thereafter furnish to the Association for review
and comments the report of said study; and
      (c)   not later than December 31, 1992, implement the
recommendations of the study, taking into account the Association's
views.
      Section 4.05. KWS shall, with effect from July 1, 1992, until
completion of the Project allocate an amount not exceeding 25% of
its tourist-entry revenues for distribution to the communities
affected by the wildlife.
      Section 4.06. (a) In carrying out Part C (e) of the Project,
KWS shall, not later than June 30, 1992, establish and thereafter
maintain a Community Development Facility under terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Association. KWS shall use said Facility to
finance community-based conservation and tourism-related sub-
Page  5
projects.
      (b)   KWS shall take all appropriate measures to ensure that
sub-projects to cost the equivalent of more than $50,000 shall have
prior approval of the Association and that the maximum amount of
each sub-project shall not exceed the equivalent of $100,000.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of KWS thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of
the following two dates:
            (i)    the date on which the Development Credit Agree-
                   ment shall terminate in accordance with its
                   terms; or
           (ii)    the date twenty years after the date of this
                   Agreement.
     (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify KWS of
this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      For KWS:
            Kenya Wildlife Service
            P.O. Box 40241
            Nairobi
            Kenya
Page  6
                                Telefax:
                                        254-2-505066
                                        254-2-501752
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of KWS, or by KWS on behalf of the Borrower
under the Development Credit Agreement, may be taken or executed by
the Director or such other person or persons as the Director shall
designate in writing, and KWS shall furnish to the Association
sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all collec-
tively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                             INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                             By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                             KENYA WILDLIFE SERVICE
                             By /s/ Denis D. Afande
                                         Authorized Representative
                           SCHEDULE 1
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:   Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for civil works shall be
grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of
$1,000,000 or more.
3.    Goods shall be exempted from pre-shipment price inspection by
a third party inspection firm.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Contractors
      In the procurement of works in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, KWS may grant a margin of preference
to domestic contractors in accordance with, and subject to, the
provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraph 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Page  7
Part C:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in the Republic of
Kenya may be granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and
subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the
Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Road maintenance up to an aggregate amount equivalent to
$300,000 may be carried out by force account in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Association.
2.    Equipment, materials and supplies estimated to cost the
equivalent of $100,000 or less per contract, up to an aggregate
amount equivalent to $500,000 and minor civil works estimated to
cost the equivalent of $1,000,000 or less per contract, up to an
aggregate amount equivalent to $3,600,000, may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised
locally, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Associa-
tion
3.    Items or groups of items for equipment and other goods
estimated to cost the equivalent of less than $20,000 or less per
contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $100,000, may be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations obtained from at least three suppliers from two countries
eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures
acceptable to the Association.
Part E:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for civil works estimated
to cost the equivalent of $200,000 or more, and each contract for
goods estimated to cost the equivalent of $50,000 or more, the
procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be
made out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be modified
to ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract required to
be furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d)
shall be furnished to the Association prior to the making of the
first payment out of the Special Account in respect of such
contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to the Development Credit
Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II: Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist KWS in carrying out the Project, KWS shall
employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms and
conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the Association.
Page  8
Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the
"Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and
by The World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in
August 1981.
