Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2334 KE
          (Protected Areas and Wildlife Services Project)
                              between
                         REPUBLIC OF KENYA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                       Dated March 30, 1992
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2334 KE
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated March 30, 1992, between  REPUBLIC OF KENYA
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Project will be carried out by Kenya Wildlife
Service (KWS) with the Borrower's assistance and, as part of such
assistance, the Borrower will make available to KWS the proceeds of
the Credit as provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Project
Agreement of even date herewith between the Association and KWS;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
Page  2
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional terms have
the following meanings:
      (a)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to an exchange of letters dated February 8, 1991, and March
11, 1991, between the Borrower and the Association;
      (b)   "Special Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Bank to the Borrower pursuant to
an exchange of letters dated September 7, 1989, and October 5, 1989,
between the Borrower and the Bank;
      (c)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (d)   "KWS" means Kenya Wildlife Service, a public corporation
established under the Borrower's Wildlife Conservation Act Chapter
376 of the laws of the Borrower;
      (e)   "Project Agreement" means the agreement between the
Association and Kenya Wildlife Service (KWS), of even date herewith,
as the same may be amended from time to time, and such term includes
all schedules and agreements supplemental to the Project Agreement;
      (f)   "sub-project" means any community-based tourism related
enterprise to be financed by the Community Development Facility to
be established by KWS pursuant to Section 4.06 of the Project
Agreement; and
      (g)   "Protected Areas" means National Parks, National
Reserves, Sanctuaries or other areas of particular interest to
conservation of bio-diversity and designated as such by the
Borrower.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in this
Agreement, an amount in various currencies equivalent to forty-
four million eight hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR
44,800,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in US Dollars a special deposit account in a
commercial bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association, including appropriate protection against set-off,
seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
Page  3
of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance
shall thereupon be cancelled.
      (d)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to the Bank the amount required to repay the principal
amount of the Special Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and
outstanding as of such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon.
The unwithdrawn balance of the authorized amount of the Special
Project Preparation Advance shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be September 30, 1997, or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restric-
tions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower;
and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for the
purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other
eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on April 1, and October 1, in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each April 1 and October 1 commencing
April 1, 2002, and ending October 1, 2031. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on October 1, 2011, shall be one
percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each installment
thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due considera-
tion by them of the development of the Borrower's economy, modify
the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the Credit
shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
Page  4
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 2.09. KWS is designated as representative of the
Borrower for the purposes of taking any action required or permitted
to be taken under the provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement
and Article V of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and, to this end, without any limitation or restriction
upon any of its other obligations under this Agreement, shall cause
KWS to perform in accordance with the provisions of the Project
Agreement all the obligations of KWS therein set forth, shall take
or cause to be taken all action, including the provision of funds,
facilities, services and other resources, necessary or appropriate
to enable KWS to perform such obligations, and shall not take or
permit to be taken any action which would prevent or interfere with
such performance.
      (b)   The Borrower shall pass on the proceeds of the Credit to
KWS as equity under terms and conditions which shall have been
approved by the Association.
      Section 3.02. Without limitation upon any of its obligations
under Section 3.01 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall ensure that
sufficient annual budgetary allocations for KSW will be made in each
of its recurrent budget, namely not less than the equivalent of
$3,500,000 in Fiscal Year 1992/93, not less than the equivalent of
$1,700,000 in Fiscal Year 1993/94, and not less than the equivalent
of $500,000 in Fiscal Year 1994/95.
      Section 3.03. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Project
Agreement.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower and the Association hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03 through 9.08 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and
land acquisition, respectively) shall be carried out by KWS pursuant
to Section 2.03 of the Project Agreement.
      Section 3.05. The Borrower shall take all necessary measures
to ensure that the costs for improving tourist access roads leading
to Amboseli National Park, Meru National Park and Aberdare National
Park are included in the Ministry of Public Works Printed Estimates
for financial year 1992/93 and its Forward Budget Estimates for
1993/94.
      Section 3.06. The Borrower shall implement or shall cause to
be implemented action plans, satisfactory to the Association,
developed pursuant to reviews carried out by KWS under Section 3.04
(vi) of the Project Agreement.
Page  5
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the basis of
statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained in accordance
                  with sound accounting practices, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   ensure that all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures are retained until
                  at least one year after the Association has
                  received the audit report for the fiscal year in
                  which the last withdrawal from the Credit Account
                  was made; and
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) (i) of this Section and those for
                  the Special Account for each fiscal year audited,
                  in accordance with appropriate auditing prin-
                  ciples consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
            (ii)  furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year the report of such
                  audit by said auditors, of such scope and in such
                  detail as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested, including a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of expendi-
                  ture submitted during such fiscal year, together
                  with the procedures and internal controls in-
                  volved in their preparation, can be relied upon
                  to support the related withdrawals; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts and the
                  audit thereof as the Association shall from time
                  to time reasonably request.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   KWS shall have failed to perform any of its obligations
under the Project Agreement.
      (b)   As a result of events which have occurred after the date
of this Agreement, an extraordinary situation shall have arisen
which shall make it improbable that KWS will be able to perform its
obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (c)   The Wildlife Conservation Act, Chapter 376 of the laws
of the Borrower, shall have been amended, suspended, abrogated,
repealed or waived so as to affect materially and adversely the
ability of KWS to perform any of its obligations under the Project
Agreement.
      (d)   The Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment
of KWS or for the suspension of its operations.
Page  6
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any event specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period
of sixty days after notice thereof shall have been given by the
Association to the Borrower; and
      (b)   any event specified in paragraphs (c) and (d) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of this Agreement within the meaning
of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   KWS shall have appointed the core management team
comprising director, deputy director-finance, commercial manager,
training coordinator and heads of scientific, wildlife and technical
services under terms and conditions satisfactory to the Association;
      (b)   the Annual Work Program satisfactory to the Association
for fiscal year 1992/1993 has been furnished to the Association; and
      (c)   KWS shall have completed the implementation of a staff
reduction plan, satisfactory to the Association.
      Section 6.02. The following is specified as an additional
matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association namely, that the Project Agreement has
been duly authorized or ratified by KWS, and is legally binding upon
KWS in accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 of this
Agreement, the minister of the Borrower responsible for finance is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Finance
            P.O. Box 30007
            Nairobi, Kenya
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  FINANCE                   2282 MINFIN
                  Nairobi                   Nairobi
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
Page  7
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  REPUBLIC OF KENYA
                  By /s/ Denis D. Afande
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1)  (a) Civil works         15,480,000)        100% of foreign
         under Parts A                 )        expenditures
         and B of the                  )        and 60% of local
         Project                        )       expenditure)
     (b) Civil works for      1,000,000)
         County Council                )
         Reserves                       )
                                       )
     (c) Other Civil            600,000)
         works                         )
                                       )
(2)  (a) Vehicles, spare      2,140,000)        100% of foreign
         parts, furniture              )        expenditures and
         and equipment under           )        100% of local
         Parts A and B of the          )        expenditures (ex-
         Project                       )        factory costs)
                                       )        and 60% of local
                                       )        expenditures
                                       )
     (b) Vehicles, spare        670,000)
         parts, furniture and          )
         equipment for County          )
         Council Reserves              )
     (c) Other vehicles,        670,000)
         furniture, equipment          )
         and spare parts               )
                              Amount of the
Page  8
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(3)  Airplanes                 1,620,000        100% of foreign
                                                expenditures
(4)  Incremental               8,880,000        80% up to the
     operating                                  maximum of
     costs                                      SDR 5,730,000
                                                for the first 3
                                                years of Project
                                                Implementation and
                                                50% of the
                                                remaining amount
                                                for the last
                                                years of Project
                                                Implementation
(5)  Consultants'              5,050,000        100%
     services and
     studies
(6)  Training                  2,270,000        100%
(7)  Sub-projects under          670,000        75%
     Community Development
     Facility
(8)  Refunding of Project        450,000        Amounts due
     Preparation Advance                        pursuant to
                                                Section 2.02 (c)
                                                of this Agreement
(9)  Refunding of Special        120,000        Amount due
     Project Preparation                        pursuant to
     Advance                                    Section 2.02 (d)
                                                of this Agreement
(10) Unallocated               5,180,000
                              __________
         TOTAL                44,800,000
                              ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower;
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower; and
      (c)   the term "operating costs" means the incremental costs
incurred by KWS for carrying out the Project, related to the
operation and maintenance of buildings, offices, roads, vehicles,
airplanes, equipment, and includes fuel and lubricants.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for:
      (a)   expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement, except
that withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not to exceed
SDR 1,630,000, may be made in respect of Categories 1, 2, 4, 5 and
6 on account of payments made for expenditures before that date but
after August 1, 1991; and
      (b)   expenditures under Categories 1 (b) and 2 (b) unless KWS
has submitted to the Association evidence, satisfactory to the
Page  9
Association, that the County Councils have concluded agreements,
satisfactory to the Association, on the management of each national
reserve including revenue-sharing arrangements with communities.
      (c)   expenditures for any sub-project under Category 7
costing the equivalent of more than $50,000 unless the Association's
prior approval has been obtained.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to: (a) reverse the decline
of the Borrower's wildlife, national parks and reserves; and (b)
develop a sound foundation for environmentally sustainable wildlife-
based tourism.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Support for Kenya Wildlife Service
1.    Strengthening the capacity of KWS to manage wildlife
Protected Areas through:
      (a)   the construction of a headquarters building in Nairobi,
the acquisition of office equipment, furniture, vehicles and
supplies;
      (b)   the rehabilitation of and the acquisition of supplies
for the Naivasha Wildlife and Fisheries Training Institute;
      (c)   training of KWS' staff in management, marine environ-
ments and other technical fields;
      (d)   establishing a Management Information System and a radio
communication system; and
      (e)   carrying out improvements of its operations, including
commercial activities, technical and financial services.
Part B:     Park and Reserves Infrastructure Development
      (a)   Rehabilitation and reconstruction of roads in the
national Parks and Reserves.
      (b)   Strengthening KWS' capacity in carrying out routine
maintenance of roads and tracks in the Parks and Reserves.
      (c)   Construction and rehabilitation of workshops, offices,
guard camps and staff houses.
      (d)   Improving the functioning of marine pa
rks through the
acquisition of motor boats, radio equipment, vehicles, staff houses
and rehabilitation of marine park headquarters.
Part C:     Community Wildlife Program (CWP)
      Strengthening the capacity of KWS in implementing Community
Wildlife Programs through:
      (a)   the establishment and operation of community wildlife
services;
      (b)   construction and rehabilitation of CWP station offices
and other facilities;
      (c)   training of KWS' staff in community wildlife, wildlife
extension and related technical fields;
Page  10
      (d)   training of members of the community in wildlife
resource management and conservation;
      (e)   establishment and operation of a Community Development
Facility to finance identification and preparation of small-scale
wildlife related enterprises; and
      (f)   construction and maintenance of fencing in areas of
community/wildlife conflict.
Part D:     National Park and Reserve Planning
1.    Improving the capacity of KWS in formulating and implementing
wildlife-sector policies through:
      (a)   the establishment of a Wildlife Policy and Planning Unit
within KWS, and the acquisition of computer equipment and vehicles
for the operation of the Unit;
      (b)   development and implementation of a national conserva-
tion system plan and management plans for Protected Areas; and
      (c)   training of KWS' staff in national park management and
planning.
2.    Improving the capacity of KWS' in implementing environmentally
sound management of Wetlands through:
      (a)   the establishment of an information base on Wetlands;
      (b)   the development of a national Wetlands policy and a
Wetlands Master Plan;
      (c)   carrying out an inventory of the Borrower's Wetlands;
      (d)   training of KWS' staff in Wetlands management; and
      (e)   carrying out educational and outreach programs on the
Wetlands.
Part E:     Research, and Veterinary Services
1.    Strengthening the capacity of KWS in carrying out wildlife
research through:
      (a)   the development of a Kenya Wildlife Research strategy;
      (b)   construction of laboratory and office research
facilities in Nairobi and field stations in parks and reserves; and
      (c)   rehabilitation of the research stations at Tsavo East
National Park and the Masai Mara National Reserve, including
acquisition of laboratory equipment, computers, library facilities
and vehicles.
2.    Supporting KWS' implementation of elephant and rhinoceros
conservation programs through:
      (a)   the establishment of an Elephant Research Facility to
finance special research activities on elephants;
      (b)   the protection of breeding population of black
rhinoceros in sanctuaries;
      (c)   the establishment of a breeding population of white
rhinoceros in the Lake Nakuru National Park; and
      (d)   the acquisition of vehicles and equipment.
3.    Improving KWS' veterinary services through:
      (a)   the establishment of a veterinary services unit and a
Page  11
diagnostic laboratory; and
      (b)   training of KWS' staff in animal health and other
veterinary sciences.
Part F:     Wildlife Education and Visitor Services
      Assisting KWS in developing an educational and visitor
services program through:
      (a)   the acquisition of vehicles and office equipment for the
Wildlife Education Service;
      (b)   operating visitor information facilities in national
parks, in Nairobi and in Mombasa;
      (c)   establishing and operating field study centers in
selected national parks;
      (d)   promoting the use of wildlife education materials in
Kenya schools, including the production and distribution of wildlife
conservation textbooks and development of conservation curriculum;
and
      (e)   training of school teachers in wildlife conservation.
Part G:     Wildlife Protection and Tourist Security
      Strengthening the capacity of KWS in protecting wildlife and
tourists through:
      (a)   the establishment of an anti-poaching intelligence
network;
      (b)   the acquisition of mobile field bases, vehicles and
patrol boats; and
      (c)   the rehabilitation and expansion of the security
training camp in Manyani.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by March 31, 1997.
                            SCHEDULE 3
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories 1
through 7 set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $2,500,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Page  12
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Association re-
                   quests for deposits into the Special Account at
                   such intervals as the Association shall specify.
           (ii)    Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   the documents and other evidence required pursu-
                   ant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the
                   payment or payments in respect of which
                   replenishment is requested. On the basis of each
                   such request, the Association shall, on behalf
                   of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Ac-
                   count and deposit into the Special Account such
                   amount as the Borrower shall have requested and
                   as shall have been shown by said documents and
                   other evidence to have been paid out of the
                   Special Account for eligible expenditures.
      All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from
the Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in
the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by
said documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
      Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request, or (B) deposit into the Special Account
Page  13
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraph 6
(a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
