Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3438 PAN
                     (Economic Recovery Loan)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF PANAMA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                      Dated February 27, 1992
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3438 PAN
                          LOAN AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated February 27, 1992, between REPUBLIC OF PANAMA
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Bank has received letters dated September 20,
1991 and November 8, 1991, both signed by the Borrower's Second Vice
President and Minister of Planning and Economic Policy and by the
Minister of Finance and Treasury describing a program of actions,
objectives and policies designed to achieve structural adjustment of
the Borrower's economy (hereinafter called the Program), declaring
the Borrower's commitment to the execution of the Program, and
requesting assistance from the Bank in the financing of urgently
needed imports and services required during such execution; and
      (B)   on the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing, the Bank has
decided in support of the Program to provide such assistance to the
Borrower by making the Loan in three Tranches as hereinafter
provided;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications thereof set forth below (the General Conditions)
constitute an integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)   Section 2.01, paragraph 11, shall be modified to read:
            "'Project' means the imports and other activities that
      may be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan pursuant to
      the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Loan Agreement.";
      (b)   Section 9.07 (c) shall be modified to read:
            "(c)  Not later than six months after the Closing Date
      or such later date as may be agreed for this purpose between
      the Borrower and the Bank, the Borrower shall prepare and
      furnish to the Bank a report, of such scope and in such detail
      as the Bank shall reasonably request, on the execution of the
      program referred to in the Preamble to the Loan Agreement, the
      performance by the Borrower and the Bank of their respective
      obligations under the Loan Agreement and the accomplishment of
      the purposes of the Loan.";
      (c)  The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted; and
      (d)   In Section 6.02, subparagraph (k) is relettered as
subparagraph (l) and a new subparagraph (k) is added to read:
            "(k)  An extraordinary situation shall have arisen under
      which any further withdrawals under the Loan would be
      inconsistent with the provisions of Article III, Section 3 of
      the Bank's Articles of Agreement."
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "APN" means the Borrower's Autoridad Portuaria Nacional,
established by the Borrower's Law No. 42 of May 2, 1974 and the term
"APN Plan" means the Borrower's plan to restructure its ports sector
including the granting of port operation concessions of the ports of
Balboa and Cristobal and the establishment of a regulatory framework
for overall port operations, as such plan is set forth in the letter
from APN's Director General dated December 3, 1991 attached to the
letter to the Bank from the head of the Coordinating Unit for the
Economic Program of the Borrower's Ministry of Planning and Economic
Policy dated January 6, 1992 as attachment 1 thereto;
      (b)   "IDAAN" means the Borrower's Instituto de Acueductos y
Alcantarillados Nacionales, established by the Borrower's Law No. 98
of December 29, 1961;
      (c)   "Institutional Assistance" means the activities and
results described in Schedule 6 to this Agreement and for which
provision of consultant and expert services and training, all
related to said activities and results, are expected to be financed
under Category 4 of the Table set forth in Schedule 1 to this
Agreement;
      (d)   "INTEL" means the Borrower's Instituto Nacional de
Telecomunicaciones, established by the Borrower's Law No. 80 of
September 20, 1983, as such Law was supplemented by the Borrower's
Law No. 14 of July 29, 1987 as amended by the Borrower's Law No. 17
of July 9, 1991;
      (e)   "IRHE" means the Borrower's Instituto de Recursos
Page  3
Hidraulicos y Electrificacion, established by the Borrower's Law No.
37 of January 31, 1961, as subrogated by the Borrower's Cabinet
Decree No. 235 of July 30, 1989;
      (f)   "IRHE and IDAAN Privatization and Action Plans" means
each of the Borrower's plans for the privatization of IRHE's
maintenance and security service and bill collection services of
IRHE and IDAAN, and for the expansion of their respective
operations, as such plans are set forth in attachments to the
respective notes, both dated January 10, 1992, from the
representative of the Borrower under Section 6.01 of this Agreement
furnished to the Bank on the same date;
      (g)   "Law 3" means the Borrower's Law No. 3 of March 20,
1986, as published in the Borrower's Gaceta Oficial of March 24,
1986;
      (h)   "Nutrition Plan" means the plan of action to be agreed
between the Borrower and the Bank pursuant to the provisions of
paragraph 17 of Schedule 6 to this Agreement, which will cover
nutrition for lactating mothers and children up to 5 years old
(including education, growth-monitoring and complementary feeding)
and will be divided into two phases: first, a pilot plan on a
limited scale (the Pilot Phase), and second, a follow-up and
expanded plan to be carried out on a national scale and based on the
findings and evaluation of the aforesaid pilot plan (the National
Phase);
      (i)   "PSE Plan" means a plan to improve financial and
operational efficiency of the Public Sector Enterprises referred to
in Annex I to Schedule 4 to this Agreement, with annual targets for
the reduction of consolidated non-interest current outlays and
additional measures which are set forth in the attachment to the
note dated January 10, 1992 from the Borrower's representative under
Section 6.01 of this Agreement furnished to the Bank on the same
date;
      (j)   "Price Regulations Office" means the Borrower's Oficina
de Regulacion de Precios;
      (k)   "Pricing Principles" means the principles for pricing
public utility services agreed between the Borrower and the Bank,
particularly in respect of the provision of electricity, port and
telecommunication services, as such principles may be revised from
time to time between the Borrower and the Bank;
      (l)   "Privatization Law" means the law on privatization
matters to be enacted pursuant to paragraph (b) of Section 4.01 of
this Agreement, as published in the corresponding issue of the
Borrower's Official Gazette;
      (m)   "Public Investment Plan" means the Borrower's plan for
public investments for the period 1991-1993, as such plan has been
agreed between the Borrower and the Bank and includes the revisions
thereto agreed from time to time between the Borrower and the Bank;
      (n)   "Public Sector Enterprises" means all entities with
legal personality operating in Panama and which are owned or
controlled by the Borrower including those listed from time to time
in the Annexes to Schedule 4 to this Agreement;
      (o)   "Public Sector Finances Plan" means the plan agreed
between the Borrower and the Bank to reduce imbalances in the
finances of the consolidated Borrower's public sector, including
annual targets for fiscal years 1991, 1992 and 1993 related to the
operational productivity, increase of savings, reduction of non-
interest current outlays and reduction of public employment and
expenditures on wages and salaries in the public sector, and the
term "savings" means current revenues minus current expenditures;
      (p)   "QR" means any form of restriction on imports other than
import taxes levied within the framework of an import tariff, and
Page  4
the term includes, without limitation, quantitative restrictions
placed by the Borrower on imports, reference prices and import
permits, and licenses other than reasonable measures required under
public health or safety control or customs regulations;
      (q)   "Selected Enterprises" means the Public Sector
Enterprises referred to in Annex II to Schedule 4 to this Agreement
or any other Public Sector Enterprise which may be agreed between
the Borrower and the Bank for the purposes of paragraphs (9) and (7)
of Schedules 4 and 5 to this Agreement, respectively;
      (r)   "SITC" means the Standard International Trade
Classification, Revision 3 (SITC, Rev. 3), published by the United
Nations in Statistical Papers, Series M, No. 34/Rev.3 (1986);
      (s)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (t)   "Tax-exempted Import" means any import which was
exempted from the payment of import duties before Decree No. 34 of
the Borrower's Cabinet Council dated October 16, 1991 was published
in the Borrower's Official Gazette #21,900 on October 23, 1991, and
that has remained exempted thereafter;
      (u)   "Tax Law" means the Borrower's Law on taxation matters,
published in the Borrower's Official Gazette #21,943 on December 31,
1991; and
      (v)   "Tranche" means each of the respective amounts of Loan
proceeds allocated from time to time to Categories (1), (2) and (3)
of the table set forth in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement and the following terms have the following meanings:
"First Tranche" means a Tranche, as so defined, to be disbursed on
or after the Effective Date subject to the provisions of this
Agreement, particularly those under Section 12.01 of the General
Conditions; "Second Tranche" means a Tranche, as so defined, to be
disbursed, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, on or after
the date on which all conditions stipulated in paragraph 5 of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement have been met; and "Third Tranche"
means a Tranche, as so defined, to be disbursed, subject to the
provisions of this Agreement, on or after the date on which all
conditions stipulated in paragraph 6 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement
have been met.
                            ARTICLE II
                             The Loan
      Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the Borrower, on the
terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the Loan Agreement,
various currencies that shall have an aggregate value equivalent to
the amount of one hundred twenty million dollars ($120,000,000),
being the sum of withdrawals of the proceeds of the Loan, with each
withdrawal valued by the Bank as of the date of such withdrawal.
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Loan may be withdrawn from
the Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the Bank shall so
agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and
services required during the execution of the Program and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the
Institutional Assistance, open and maintain in dollars a special
deposit account in the Borrower's Banco Nacional de Panama on terms
and conditions satisfactory to the Bank. Deposits into, and payments
out of, the Special Account shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 7 to this Agreement. Without prejudice to the
provisions of Section 3.04 of this Agreement, said Account shall be
closed upon receipt of notice from the Bank that the Loan Account
has been closed.
Page  5
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1993 or
such later date as the Bank shall establish. The Bank shall promptly
notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a commitment
charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per
annum on the principal amount of the Loan not withdrawn from time to
time.
      Section 2.05. (a) The Borrower shall pay interest on the
principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time to
time, at a rate for each Interest Period equal to the Cost of
Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of the preceding
Semester, plus one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%). On each of the
dates specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower
shall pay interest accrued on the principal amount outstanding
during the preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rate
applicable during such Interest Period.
      (b)   As soon as practicable after the end of each Semester,
the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost of Qualified
Borrowings determined in respect of such Semester.
      (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   "Interest Period" means a six-month period ending
                  on the date immediately preceding each date
                  specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement,
                  beginning with the Interest Period in which this
                  Agreement is signed.
           (ii)   "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the cost, as
                  reasonably determined by the Bank and expressed
                  as a percentage per annum, of the outstanding
                  borrowings of the Bank drawn down after June 30,
                  1982, excluding such borrowings or portions
                  thereof as the Bank has allocated to fund: (A)
                  the Bank's investments; and (B) loans which may
                  be made by the Bank after July 1, 1989 bearing
                  interest rates determined otherwise than as
                  provided in paragraph (a) of this Section.
          (iii)   "Semester" means the first six months or the
                  second six months of a calendar year.
      (d)   On such date as the Bank may specify by no less than six
months' notice to the Borrower, paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) (iii) of
this Section shall be amended to read as follows:
            "(a)  The Borrower shall pay interest on the principal
      amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time to
      time, at a rate for each Quarter equal to the Cost of
      Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of the preceding
      Quarter, plus one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%). On each of
      the dates specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement, the
      Borrower shall pay interest accrued on the principal amount
      outstanding during the preceding Interest Period, calculated
      at the rates applicable during such Interest Period."
            "(b)  As soon as practicable after the end of each
      Quarter, the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost of
      Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of such Quarter."
            "(c)  (iii) `Quarter' means a three-month period
      commencing on January 1, April 1, July 1 or October 1 in a
      calendar year."
      Section 2.06. Interest and other charges shall be payable
semiannually on March 15 and September 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Loan in accordance with the amortization schedule set forth in
Page  6
Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.08. (a) The person or persons appointed in writing
by the representative of the Borrower under Section 6.01 of this
Agreement are designated as representatives of the Borrower for the
purposes of taking any action required or permitted to be taken
under the provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Article
V of the General Conditions.
      (b)   Without limitation or restriction to the foregoing, the
Borrower hereby entrusts the unit established for the following
purposes in the Borrower's Ministry of Planning and Economic Policy
with responsibility for the preparation of withdrawal applications
under the Loan and for the collection of the documents and other
evidence to be furnished to the Bank in support of such
applications; provided, however, that the unit in question will
coordinate closely its activities with those of the Borrower's
Contraloria General which will identify all imports and payments
thereof by public sector and will furnish all of the applicable
information for preparation of withdrawal applications to the
aforesaid unit.
      (c)   The withdrawal applications mentioned in (b) above shall
to the extent practicable be consolidated so as to apply for
withdrawal of aggregate amount of not less than $1,000,000
equivalent.
                            ARTICLE III
                       Particular Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower and the Bank shall from time to
time, at the request of either party, exchange views on the progress
achieved in carrying out the Program and the actions specified in
Schedules 4 and 5 to this Agreement.
      (b)   Prior to each such exchange of views, the Borrower shall
furnish to the Bank for its review and comment a report on the
progress achieved in carrying out the Program, in such detail as the
Bank shall reasonably request.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Loan shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Institutional Assistance as set forth in Schedule
6 to this Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the
Institutional Assistance with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate administrative, financial and technical
practices and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as
needed the funds, facilities, services and other resources for the
execution thereof.
      (b)   For purposes of carrying out the Institutional
Assistance, the Borrower shall employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of employment
shall be satisfactory to the Bank. Such consultants shall be
selected in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory
to the Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
      Section 3.04. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and separate accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with consistently maintained sound accounting practices
the expenditures financed out of the proceeds of the Loan.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those for
Page  7
                  the Special Account for each fiscal year audited,
                  in accordance with appropriate auditing
                  principles consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Bank;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than ninety days after the
                  date on which the amount allocated from time to
                  time under each Category of the table set forth
                  in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement
                  has been fully withdrawn, or, if earlier and only
                  in respect of Category 4 of said table, ninety
                  days after the end of each fiscal year in which
                  withdrawals under said Category 4 have been made
                  from the Loan Account, a certified copy of the
                  report of such audit by said auditors, of such
                  scope and in such detail as the Bank shall have
                  reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts and the
                  audit thereof as the Bank shall from time to time
                  reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the Bank
                  has received the last audit report for the fiscal
                  year in which the last withdrawal from the Loan
                  Account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Bank's representatives to examine such
                  records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the audits referred to in paragraph
                  (b) of this Section and that the report of such
                  audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during the period
                  corresponding to the audit in question, together
                  with the procedures and internal controls
                  involved in their preparation, can be relied upon
                  to support the related withdrawals.
                            ARTICLE IV
                  Additional Event of Suspension
      Section 4.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (l) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   that a situation has arisen which shall make it
improbable that the Program, or a significant part thereof, will be
carried out; and
      (b)   that by April 30, 1992, a law providing a framework
satisfactory to the Bank for the privatization of publicly owned
assets and companies, including the Selected Enterprises, shall have
not been enacted by the Borrower.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Effective Date; Termination
Page  8
      Section 5.01. The following event is specified as additional
condition to the effectiveness of the Loan Agreement within the
meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the General Conditions, namely, that
the macroeconomic policy framework of the Borrower is consistent
with the objectives of the Program.
      Section 5.02. The date of May 27, 1992 is hereby specified for
the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 6.01. Except as provided in Section 2.08 (a) of this
Agreement, the Minister of Planning and Economic Policy of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministerio de Planificacion y
             Politica Economica
            Apartado Postal 2694
            Panama 3, Panama
                                          Telex:
                                            3683 MIPPE PG
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                  197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  REPUBLIC OF PANAMA
                  By /s/ Jaime Ford
                                         Authorized Representative
                  By /s/ Jose Chen Barria
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
Page  9
                  By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                            SCHEDULE 1
              Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the allocation of the
amounts of the Loan to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                            Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category             Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(1) Imported goods            60,000,000        100% of foreign
    to be financed                              expenditures
    under the First
    Tranche
(2) Imported goods            25,000,000        100% of foreign
    to be financed                              expenditures
    under the Second
    Tranche
(3) Imported goods            33,200,000        100% of foreign
    to be financed                              expenditures
    under the Third
    Tranche
(4) Consultant                 1,800,000        100%
    services, studies
    and training
    under the
    Institutional Assis-
    tance
    TOTAL                    120,000,000
                             ===========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule the term "foreign
expenditures" means expenditures in the currency of any country
other than that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from
the territory of any country other than that of the Borrower, and
the term "Table" means the table set forth in paragraph 1 of this
Schedule.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   expenditures for goods included in the following SITC
groups or subgroups, or any successor groups or sub-groups under
future revisions to the SITC, as designated by the Bank by notice to
the Borrower:
      Group       Subgroup          Description of Items
      112            --             Alcoholic beverages
      121            --             Tobacco, unmanufactured,
                                    tobacco refuse
      122            --             Tobacco, manufactured (whether
                                    or not containing tobacco sub-
                                    stitutes)
      525            --             Radioactive and associated
                                    materials
Page  10
      667            --             Pearls, precious and semi-
                                    precious stones, unworked or
                                    worked
      718         718.7             Nuclear reactors, and parts
                                    thereof, fuel elements
                                    (cartridges), nonirradiated for
                                    nuclear reactors
      897         897.3             Jewelry of gold, silver or
                                    platinum group metals (except
                                    watches and watch cases) and
                                    goldsmiths' or silversmiths'
                                    wares (including set gems)
      971            --             Gold, nonmonetary (excluding
                                    gold ores and concentrates)
      (b)   expenditures, other than expenditures under Category (4)
of the Table, for goods supplied from the territory of the Borrower;
      (c)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement, except that withdrawals in an aggregate amount not
exceeding the equivalent of $60,000,000 and $200,000 may be made on
account of payments made for expenditures under Categories (1) and
(4), respectively, of the Table before that date but after a date
eighteen months earlier than the date of this Agreement;
      (d)   expenditures for goods procured under contracts costing
less than $10,000 equivalent;
      (e)   expenditures for goods supplied under a contract which
any national or international financing institution or agency other
than the Bank shall have financed or agreed to finance; and
      (f)   expenditures for goods intended for a military or para-
military purpose or for luxury consumption.
4.    Withdrawals for expenditures under contracts for the pro-
curement of goods estimated to cost less than $1,000,000 may be
permitted by the Bank upon the basis of statements of expenditure
under such terms and conditions as the Bank shall specify.
5.    No withdrawal shall be made and no commitment shall be entered
into to pay amounts to or on the order of the Borrower in respect of
expenditures to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan under
Category (2) of the Table unless the proceeds of the Loan allocated
under Category (1) have been fully disbursed for more than one
hundred and twenty days, and the Bank shall be satisfied, after an
exchange of views as described in Section 3.01 of this Agreement
based on evidence satisfactory to the Bank: (a) with the progress
achieved by the Borrower in the carrying out of the Program; (b)
that the actions described in Schedule 4 to this Agreement have been
taken; and (c) that the macroeconomic policy framework of the
Borrower is consistent with the objectives of the Program.
6.    No withdrawal shall be made and no commitment shall be entered
into to pay amounts to or on the order of the Borrower in respect of
expenditures to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan under
Category (3) of the Table unless the proceeds of the Loan allocated
under Category (2) have been fully disbursed for more than one
hundred twenty days, and the Bank shall be satisfied, after an
exchange of views as described in Section 3.01 of this Agreement
based on evidence satisfactory to the Bank: (a) with the progress
achieved by the Borrower in the carrying out of the Program; (b)
that the actions described in Schedule 5 to this Agreement have been
taken; and (c) that the macroeconomic policy framework of the
Borrower is consistent with the objectives of the Program.
7.    If, after the exchange of views described in paragraph 5 or 6
above, the Bank shall have given notice to the Borrower that the
progress achieved in the carrying out of the Program or the actions
Page  11
taken pursuant to Schedules 4 or 5 to this Agreement, as the case
may be, are not satisfactory, or that the macroeconomic policy
framework of the Borrower is not consistent with the objectives of
the Program, and, within 90 days after such notice, the Borrower
shall not have achieved progress and taken actions satisfactory to
the Bank, or the Borrower's macroeconomic policy framework remains
not consistent with the objectives of the Program, then the Bank
may, by notice to the Borrower, cancel the unwithdrawn amount of the
Loan or any part thereof.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                       Amortization Schedule
                                           Payment of Principal
Date Payment Due                          (expressed in dollars)*
On each March 15 and September 15
      beginning September 15, 1997
      through March 15, 2009                    5,000,000
________________________
*     The figures in this column represent dollar equivalents
      determined as of the respective dates of withdrawal. See
      General Conditions, Sections 3.04 and 4.03.
      Premiums on Prepayment
      Pursuant to Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions, the
premium payable on the principal amount of any maturity of the Loan
to be prepaid shall be the percentage specified for the applicable
time of prepayment below:
      Time of Prepayment                        Premium
                                    The interest rate (expressed as
                                    a percentage per annum)
                                    applicable to the Loan on the
                                    day of prepayment multiplied
                                    by:
Not more than three years                       0.18
      before maturity
More than three years but                       0.35
      not more than six years
      before maturity
More than six years but                         0.65
      not more than eleven years
      before maturity
More than eleven years but not                  0.88
      more than fifteen years
      before maturity
More than fifteen years before                  1.00
      maturity
                            SCHEDULE 3
                            Procurement
1.    Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of $3,000,000 or more each shall be awarded through
international competitive bidding in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines), subject to the
Page  12
following modifications:
      (a)   Paragraph 2.8 of the Guidelines is deleted and the
following is substituted therefor:
      "2.8 Notification and Advertising
            The international community should be notified in a
      timely manner of the opportunity to bid. This will be done by
      advertising invitations to apply for inclusion in a bidder's
      invitation list, to apply for prequalification, or to bid;
      such advertisements should be placed in at least one newspaper
      of general circulation in the Borrower's country and, in
      addition, in at least one of the following forms:
            (i)   a notice in the United Nations publication,
                  Development Business; or
           (ii)   an advertisement in a newspaper, periodical or
                  technical journal of wide international
                  circulation; or
          (iii)   a notice to local representatives of countries
                  and territories referred to in the Guidelines,
                  that are potential suppliers of the goods
                  required."
      (b)   The following is added at the end of paragraph 2.21 of
the Guidelines:
            "As a further alternative, bidding documents may require
      the bidder to state the bid price in a single currency widely
      used in international trade and specified in the bidding
      documents."
      (c)   Paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines are deleted.
2.    Subject to paragraph 3 below, contracts for the procurement of
goods estimated to cost the equivalent of less than $3,000,000 shall
be awarded:
      (a)   by purchasers required to follow the Borrower's public
procurement procedures for the importation of goods, on the basis of
such procedures, provided that such procedures shall have been found
acceptable by the Bank; and
      (b)   by private sector purchasers, in accordance with
established commercial practice, provided that such contracts shall
be awarded on the basis of evaluation and comparison of quotations
obtained from at least two suppliers eligible under the Guidelines,
except that direct contracting procedures acceptable to the Bank may
be used where considered appropriate under paragraph 3.5 of the
Guidelines.
3.    Subject to the prior approval of the Bank, commonly traded
commodities may be procured through organized international
commodity markets or other channels of competitive procurement
acceptable to the Bank, in accordance with procedures acceptable to
the Bank; provided, however, that: (a) in respect of petroleum
imports under existing contracts entered into with oil suppliers,
the Bank shall finance out of the Loan an amount not to exceed, per
unit, the average between lower and higher FOB prices reflected in
the Platt's Oilgram for the US Gulf Coast or the Caribbean, as
applicable, for the relevant date of loading (with due adjustment
for type and quality of crude or petroleum product) plus the ocean
freight rates that would apply to the largest tankers that can be
handled at the receiving terminal, insurance and inspection costs
and ocean losses allowances, or (b) in respect of other commodity
imports under existing contracts entered into with the corresponding
suppliers, the Bank shall finance out of the Loan an amount not to
exceed the average FOB price posted (for the commodity in question
and for the relevant date of shipment) by a commodity exchange
Page  13
acceptable to the Borrower and the Bank, plus the additional costs
referred to above, if applicable.
4.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraph 1 of
this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank, prior to the
submission to the Bank of the first application for withdrawal of
funds from the Loan Account in respect of such contract, two
conformed copies of such contract, together with the analysis of the
respective bids and recommendations for award, a description of the
advertising and tendering procedures followed and such other
information as the Bank shall reasonably request. Where payments
under a contract are to be made out of the proceeds of the Special
Account, such copies together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Bank pursuant to this paragraph shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence required under
paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
5.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraphs 2 and
3 of this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank, prior to
the submission to the Bank of the first application for with- drawal
of funds from the Loan Account in respect thereof, such
documentation and information as the Bank may reasonably request to
support withdrawal applications in respect of such contract. Where
payments under a contract are to be made out of the proceeds of the
Special Account, the documentation and the information to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to the provisions of this paragraph
shall be furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence required
under paragraph 4 of Schedule 7 to this Agreement.
6.    The provisions of the preceding paragraph 5 of this Schedule
shall not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from
the Loan Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
                            SCHEDULE 4
              Actions Referred to in Paragraph 5 (b)
                  of Schedule 1 to this Agreement
1.    The Public Sector Finances Plan is being implemented in
accordance with its objectives, actions and targets and the Borrower
has furnished to the Bank evidence, satisfactory to the Bank, that
the Borrower is likely to fully implement the said Plan.
2.    The Public Investment Plan is being implemented in accordance
with its terms and conditions and the Borrower has furnished to the
Bank evidence, satisfactory to the Bank, that the Borrower is likely
to fully implement the said Plan.
3.    One or more laws, satisfactory to the Borrower's Executive
Branch and the Bank, have been passed by the Borrower's Legislative
Branch providing for improved procurement procedures applicable to
Public Sector Enterprises and said procedures have been put into
effect.
4.    The PSE Plan is being implemented in accordance with its
objectives and targets and the Bank has received evidence,
satisfactory to the Bank, that the PSE Plan is likely to be fully
implemented.
5.    The IRHE and IDAAN Privatization and Action Plans are being
implemented in accordance with their respective objectives, actions,
targets and timetables.
6.    The Borrower, IRHE and the Bank have agreed on terms of
reference consistent with the Pricing Principles for the updating of
an existing study on the long-term marginal cost of providing
electricity services, IRHE has executed such updating in form and
substance satisfactory to the Borrower and the Bank, and IRHE has
furnished to the Bank an action plan, satisfactory to the Borrower
and the Bank, based on the results and recommendations of the
Page  14
aforesaid updating and the Borrower and Bank's comments thereon.
7.    The Borrower, the Bank and APN, and the Borrower, the Bank and
INTEL, have agreed on terms of reference consistent with the Pricing
Principles for the execution of respective studies on the pricing of
port and telecommunication services, APN and INTEL have carried out,
respectively, each of the studies in form and substance satisfactory
to the Borrower and the Bank, and APN and INTEL have furnished to
the Bank respective action plans, satisfactory to the Borrower and
the Bank, based on the results and recommendations of the respective
studies and the Borrower and Bank's comments thereon.
8.    A Law, satisfactory to the Borrower's Executive Branch and the
Bank, has been passed by the Borrower's Legislative Power granting
authorization to restructure the telecommunications sector including
provisions pertaining to the provision of certain services by the
private sector and establishment and operation of a regulatory
agency of the Borrower, and the provisions of said Law have been put
into effect.
9.    The Borrower shall have brought each of the Selected Enter-
prises to a position where, under terms consistent with the
Privatization Law or, if applicable, under other pre-existing laws,
tender documents for the bidding have been issued to private
investors or offers solicited therefrom, both in respect of the
divestiture by the Borrower of its equity interest in, and of its
control (other than regulatory control) on, the Selected Enterprise
in question.
10.   The Borrower shall have implemented the APN Plan in accordance
with its objectives, actions and timetables therefor.
11.   The Borrower shall have: (a) eliminated: (i) all import duties
charged on other than an ad-valorem basis on the list of products
agreed between the Borrower and the Bank; and (ii) all price
controls on industrial products the import of which are subject to
the provisions of Law 3; (b) furnished to the Bank evidence
satisfactory to the Bank that: (i) the minimum duty applicable to
any import not made under the provisions of Law 3 (other than a Tax-
Exempted Import) is strictly enforced and maintained at an ad-
valorem rate of not less than 5 percent; and (ii) the rate in
respect of import duties effectively charged to imports made under
the provisions of Law 3 is not less than 3 percent; (c) maintained
all previous reductions of the maximum rate of the import duty
tariff on industrial, agricultural (except for adjustments in
respect of products referred to below) and agroindustrial products,
and adjusted said rate further to other percentages agreed from time
to time between the Borrower and the Bank in respect of the
following agricultural products: sorghum, beans, onions, potatoes,corn and chicken and 
pork meats; and (d) equalized the applicable
rate of the import duty tariff for each agricultural product
irrespective of whether the product in question is imported to be
used as input or for consumption.
12.   The Borrower shall have: (a) maintained all previous
eliminations of export restrictions, QRs and price controls; and (b)
further eliminated all QRs and price controls on the agricultural
products referred to in paragraph 11 (c) above.
13.   The Privatization Law and the Tax Law, and all regulations
thereof issued by the Borrower's Executive Branch and by other
authorities of the Borrower on terms consistent with each respective
Law after, respectively, the date of its promulgation and January
28, 1992, have been maintained in all of their terms or, only in
respect of the said regulations, have been replaced by other
regulations satisfactory to the Bank.
14.   The Borrower shall have: (a) furnished to the Bank an action
plan, satisfactory to the Bank, to rationalize the provision of
integrated health-care services by the Borrower's Ministry of Health
and Caja del Seguro Social so as to ensure that each of said
entities pays its respective cost of providing said services through
a system of cost allocation and accountings that avoids cross-
Page  15
subsidization between said two entities; and (b) begun to take
substantive action under said plan.
15.   The Borrower and the Bank shall have agreed on an action plan
to eliminate the operational cash deficit for calendar year 1993 of
the fund established by the Borrower in 1975 (and administered by
Caja del Seguro Social) to supplement with the proceeds of said fund
the payments made by said Caja on its own behalf to retired public
sector employees, and to avoid the re-emergence of such operational
deficit for the following ten years, and a timetable for said plan.
16.   The Borrower shall have furnished to the Bank evidence
satisfactory to the Bank that all provisions of the Tax Law in
respect of gradual reduction of rates, spread and number of tax
brackets and luxury services consumption tax are being enforced.
17.   The Borrower and the Bank shall have agreed on the objectives
of the Nutrition Plan and on the objectives, actions, targets of,
and timetables for, the Pilot Phase of the Nutrition Plan.
                       Annex I to Schedule 4
      List of Public Sector Enterprises for PSE Plan Program
APN
Empresa Estatal de Cemento Bayano
Citricos de Chiriqui
IDAAN
IRHE
Instituto Panameno de Turismo
INTEL
Corporacion Azucarera La Victoria
Zona Libre de Colon
                      Annex II to Schedule 4
       List of 7 Public Sector Enterprises to be privatized
Air Panama Internacional
Empresa Estatal de Cemento Bayano
Citricos de Chiriqui
Corporacion Bananera del Atlantico
   (COBANA)
Corporacion Bananera del Pacifico
   (COBAPA)
ISA - Instituto de Seguro Agropecuario
Corporacion Azucarera La Victoria
                            SCHEDULE 5
             Actions Referred to in Paragraph 6 (b) of
                   Schedule 1 to this Agreement
1.    The Public Sector Finances Plan is being implemented in
accordance with its objectives, actions and targets and the Borrower
has furnished to the Bank evidence, satisfactory to the Bank, that
the Borrower is likely to fully implement the said Plan.
2.    The Public Investment Plan is being implemented in accordance
with its terms and conditions and the Borrower has furnished to the
Bank evidence, satisfactory to the Bank, that the Borrower is likely
to fully implement the said Plan.
3.    The PSE Plan is being implemented in accordance with its
objectives and targets and the Borrower has furnished to the Bank
Page  16
evidence, satisfactory to the Bank, that the PSE Plan is likely to
be fully implemented.
4.    Implementation of the IRHE and IDAAN Privatization and Action
Plans have been completed in accordance with their objectives,
actions, targets and timetables.
5.    The action plans referred to in paragraphs 6 and 7 of Schedule
4 to this Agreement have been implemented in accordance with their
objectives, actions, targets and timetables.
6.    The Borrower shall have, in a manner consistent with the Law
put into effect pursuant to paragraph 8 of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement: (a) established and staffed a regulatory authority in the
telecommunications sector; and (b) issued tender documents for the
bidding by private investors on the majority of the Borrower's
equity interest in INTEL.
7.    (a)   The Borrower's equity interests in, and control on, at
least three Selected Enterprises have been divested in accordance
with the Privatization Law or other legal provisions satisfactory to
the Bank issued by the Borrower's Executive Branch on or after the
date of promulgation of the Privatization Law and within the
framework of the Privatization Law or, if applicable, under other
pre-existing laws; or (b) also in accordance with the provisions of
said Law or pre-existing laws or of the aforesaid other legal
provisions, the liquidation of three Selected Enterprises have been
determined by the relevant Borrower's authorities; or (c) any
combination thereof have occurred.
8.    The Borrower shall have: (a) extended the measures under
paragraph 11 (a) (i) of Schedule 4 to this Agreement to all imports;
(b) furnished to the Bank evidence satisfactory to the Bank that:
(i) the minimum duty applicable to any import not made under the
provisions of Law 3 (other than a Tax-Exempted Import) is strictly
enforced and maintained at an ad-valorem rate of not less than 5
percent; and (ii) the rate in respect of import duties effectively
charged to imports made under the provisions of Law 3 is not less
than 3 percent; (c) reduced the maximum rate of the import duty
tariff to 40% for industrial products and to 50% for agroindustrial
products, maintained all previous reductions of said rate for
agricultural products (except for adjustments in respect of products
mentioned below), and adjusted such rate to the percentages agreed
from time to time between the Borrower and the Bank for the
following agricultural products: beans, onions, potatoes, tomatoes,
corn, rice and beef, pork, and chicken meats; and (d) maintained all
previous eliminations of export restrictions, QRs and price controls
and further eliminated all QRs and price controls on rice and
tomatoes.
9.    The Borrower shall have limited, in a manner satisfactory to
the Bank, the scope and powers of the Price Regulations Office by
converting it into a Consumer Protection Office;
10.   The Borrower shall have completed the implementation of the
action plan referred to in paragraph 14 of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement in accordance with its objectives, actions, targets and
timetables therefor.
11.   The Privatization Law and the Tax Law and the Law put into
effect pursuant to paragraph 8 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement, the
regulations thereof satisfactory to the Bank issued by the
Borrower's Executive Branch and other relevant authorities of the
Borrower on terms consistent with the said Laws, other regulations
satisfactory to the Bank issued to replace such regulations, and the
other legal provisions referred to in paragraph 7 of this Schedule,
have been maintained with full force and effect in all of their
terms.
12.   The Borrower shall have implemented the Pilot Phase of the
Nutrition Plan in accordance with their objectives, and the actions,
targets and timetables for said Pilot Phase, shall have evaluated
Page  17
its results jointly with the Bank, and shall have prepared a plan of
actions, based on said evaluation and satisfactory to the Borrower
and the Bank, for the implementation of the National Phase of the
Nutrition Plan.
13.   The Borrower shall have furnished to the Bank evidence
satisfactory to the Bank that all provisions of the Tax Law are
being enforced in respect of the aspects referred to in paragraph 16
of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
14.   The Borrower shall have furnished to the Bank evidence
satisfactory to the Bank that the relevant actions in the plan
referred to in paragraph 15 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement have
been taken in accordance with the timetable for said plan.
                            SCHEDULE 6
              Description of Institutional Assistance
      The objectives of the Institutional Assistance are to assist
the Borrower: (a) in the implementation of the Program; and (b) in
the strengthening of its banking sector.
      The Institutional Assistance consists of the following parts,
subject to such modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Bank
may agree upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
      (a)   provision of services by consultants who will discharge
their functions in one or more special units of the Borrower's
Ministry of Planning and Economic Policy and who will advise and
assist the Borrower in respect of macro/fiscal policies, privati-
zation and public employment reduction matters, preparation,
execution and evaluation of the Nutrition Plan and its Pilot and
National Phases, preparation and implementation of the action plans
referred to in paragraphs 14 and 15, and 14 of Schedules 4 and 5,
respectively, to this Agreement and updating of financial and
actuarial projections of the overall Borrower's social security
system;
      (b)   provision of consultant services to the Borrower's
Contraloria General to assist them in the discharge of their
functions under Section 2.08 of this Agreement;
      (c)   strengthening, by means of the utilization of consultant
services and training of the relevant staff, of the bank supervisory
capabilities of the Borrower's National Banking Commission, and
reviewing the prudential regulations applicable to banks operating
in Panama, and recommending revision of said regulations, if
warranted;
      (d)   strengthening, by means of the utilization of consultant
services and training of the relevant staff, of the capabilities of
the Borrower's Direccion de Aduanas (Customs Directorate) to enable
it to operate with ad-valorem rates and to detect and prevent under-
valuation of imported items; and
      (e)   provision of consultant services in such other matters
as may be agreed from time to time between the Borrower and the
Bank.
                            SCHEDULE 7
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Category" means Category 4 of the
table set forth in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of services required for the exe-
Page  18
cution of the Institutional Assistance and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan allocated from time to time to the eligible
Category in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to one hundred thousand dollars to be withdrawn from the
Loan Account and deposited into the Special Account pursuant to
paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to it that
the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Bank a request or requests for a
deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the
Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests, the
Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan
Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or amounts as
the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Bank requests for
                  deposits into the Special Account at such
                  intervals as the Bank shall specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Bank the documents
                  and other evidence required pursuant to para-
                  graph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw
                  from the Loan Account and deposit into the
                  Special Account such amount as the Borrower shall
                  have requested and as shall have been shown by
                  said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the Loan
Account in the respective equivalent amounts as shall have been
justified by said documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Bank shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Bank such documents and other
evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Bank shall not be required to make further deposits
into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Bank shall have determined that all
further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly from the
Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Article V of the
General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this
Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan, less the
amount of any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Bank pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect
to expenditures under the eligible Category shall equal the
equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Page  19
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Loan Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated to the eligible Category
shall follow such procedures as the Bank shall specify by notice to
the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and
to the extent that the Bank shall have been satisfied that all such
amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date
of such notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an expenditure
or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of this
Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to the
Bank, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank: (A)
provide such additional evidence as the Bank may request; or (B)
deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Bank shall so request,
refund to the Bank) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or
the portion thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless the Bank
shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Bank into the
Special Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such
evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be required to
cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the Borrower
shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank, refund to the Bank such
outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Bank, refund to the
Bank all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the Special
Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Bank made pursuant to paragraphs 6 (a),
(b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Loan Account
for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance with the
relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the General
Conditions.
