Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3264 HU
                (Second Telecommunications Project)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF HUNGARY
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                      Dated October 29, 1990
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3264 HU
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated October 29, 1990, between REPUBLIC OF HUNGARY
(the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and the Hungarian Telecommunica-
tions Company (the Borrower), having been satisfied as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
the Loan Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in the
financing of the Project; and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to one hundred fifty million
dollars ($150,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the Guarantor agree to
guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of such loan as
provided in this Agreement; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General Conditions)
constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms in the General Conditions and in the Preamble to and
Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the respective meanings
therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, without limitation or restriction upon
any of its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, hereby
unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not as surety
merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and
interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on
the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of all the
other obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan
Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the Guarantor
specifically undertakes, whenever there is reasonable cause to
believe that the funds available to the Borrower will be inadequate
to meet the estimated expenditures required for the carrying out of
the Project, to make arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank,
promptly to provide the Borrower or cause the Borrower to be
provided with such funds as are needed to meet such expenditures.
                            ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. In accordance with its policy to rationalize and
improve the operations and financing of its telecommunications
subsector, the Guarantor shall:
      (a)   (i) develop, under terms of reference satisfactory to
the Bank, and furnish to the Bank, for review and comments, by
March 31, 1991, its proposed program of objectives and actions and
the time-schedule for the implementation thereof designed to
rationalize tariffs applicable within, and to strengthen the
institutional and regulatory framework of, its telecommunications
subsector in order to facilitate the restructuring of said subsector
and the operation thereof on a competitive commercial basis, (ii)
review with the Bank the objectives and actions contemplated to be
achieved and undertaken under the said program, and take into
consideration the Bank's views in finalizing and approving the same,
and (iii) initiate the implementation of the said program, within a
period not exceeding three months of its review, finalization and
approval pursuant to subparagraph (ii) hereof, and thereafter
implement the same in accordance with the time schedule for its
implementation; and
      (b)   without limitation on the provisions of paragraph (a) of
this Section, adjust, by June 30, 1991, the aggregate level of
tariffs applicable within its telecommunications subsector, on the
Page  3
basis of a formula acceptable to the Bank, so as to reflect in said
level the aggregate increase, during the period between December 31,
1989 and the date upon which such adjustment is made, in the Retail
Price Index published quarterly by the Central Statistical Office of
the Guarantor.
                            ARTICLE IV
            Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 4.01. The First Deputy President or General Manager of
the National Bank of Hungary is designated as representative of the
Guarantor for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Condi-
tions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            National Bank of Hungary
            Department for International
              Development Institutions
            H-1850 Budapest
            Szabadsag ter 8-9
            Republic of Hungary
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  BANKO                      227267 SMAFU-H,
                  Budapest                   225755 BANKO-H or
                                             227028 BANKO-H
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
                 Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD               248423 (RCA),
                  Washington, D.C.         82987 (FTCC),
                                           64145 (WUI) or
                                          197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  REPUBLIC OF HUNGARY
                  By /s/ Bela Doros
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                     RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ Eugenio F. Lari
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
Page  4
                              Europe, Middle East and North Africa
