Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2733 IN
                             Project Agreement
               (Assam Rural Infrastructure and Agricultural
                             Services Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                    and
                              STATE OF ASSAM
                            Dated June 6, 1995
                                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2733 IN
                             PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 6, 1995, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and STATE OF ASSAM
(Assam).
      WHEREAS (A) the Association has received a letter dated
April 6, 1995,  from Assam describing reforms that constitute
the framework for improving agricultural production in Assam
including policy, institutional and administrative reforms
(hereinafter called the Policy Reform Program), and declaring
Assam's commitment to carry out such Policy Reform Program.
      (B)   by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between India (the Borrower) and the Association, the
Association has agreed to make available to the Borrower an
amount in various currencies equivalent to eighty one million
Special Drawing Rights (SDR 81,000,000), on the terms and
conditions set forth in the Development Credit Agreement, but
only on condition that Assam agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Association as are set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement, and in this Agreement;
      WHEREAS Assam, in consideration of the Association's
entering into the Development Credit Agreement with the
Borrower, has agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in
Page  2
this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                                Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement and
in the General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) Assam declares its commitment to the
objective of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out
the Project with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity
with appropriate administrative, financial, agricultural and
technical practices, and shall provide, or cause to be
provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services
and other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph
(a) of this Section and except as the Association and Assam
shall otherwise agree, Assam shall carry out the Project in
accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. (a) Assam shall carry out the obligations
set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of
the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project
Agreement.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph
(a) of this Section, Assam shall:
            (i)   prepare, on the basis of guidelines acceptable
                  to the Association and furnish to the
                  Association not later than six (6) months after
                  the Closing Date or such later date as may be
                  agreed for this purpose between the Association
                  and Assam, a plan for the future operation of
                  the Project;
            (ii)  afford the Association a reasonable opportunity
                  to exchange views with Assam on said plan; and
           (iii)  thereafter, carry out said plan with due
                  diligence and efficiency and in accordance with
                  appropriate practices, taking into account the
                  Association's comments thereon.
      Section 2.04. (a) Assam shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to
the progress of the Project, the performance of its obligations
under this Agreement and other matters relating to the purposes
of the Credit.
      (b)   Assam shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
Page  3
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of
the Credit, or the performance by Assam of its obligations
under this Agreement.
                                ARTICLE III
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) Assam shall maintain records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices the operations, resources and expenditures
in respect of the Project of the departments or agencies of
Assam responsible for carrying out the Project or any part
thereof.
      (b)   Assam shall:
            (i)   have its records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the
                  Association;
            (ii)  furnish to the Association as soon as
                  available, but in any case not later than nine
                  months after the end of each such year, the
                  report of such audit by said auditors, of such
                  scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
           (iii)  furnish to the Association such other
                  information concerning said records, accounts
                  and financial statements as well as the audit
                  thereof, as the Association shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.
                                ARTICLE IV
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement
becomes effective.
      Section 4.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of
the Association and of Assam thereunder shall terminate on the
earlier of the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                  Agreement shall terminate in accordance with
                  its terms; or
            (ii)  the date twenty (20) years after the date of
                  this Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in
paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the Association shall
promptly notify Assam of this event.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any
cancellation or suspension under the General Conditions.
                                 ARTICLE V
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted
to be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement
Page  4
between the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in
writing. Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been
duly given or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by
mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which
it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C            82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      For Assam:
            Chief Secretary
            Government of Assam
            Guwahati
            Assam, India
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be executed,
under this Agreement on behalf of Assam may be taken or
executed by its Chief Secretary or such other person or persons
as Assam shall designate in writing, and Assam shall furnish to
the Association sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/Heinz Vergin
                                           Acting Regional Vice President
                                                               South Asia
                  STATE OF ASSAM
                  By /s/Narayan Valluri
                                                Authorized Representative
                                SCHEDULE 1
                   Procurement and Consultants' Services
Page  5
Section I:  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     General
1.    Goods and works shall be procured in accordance with the
provisions of Section I of the "Guidelines for Procurement
under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in
January 1995 (the Guidelines) and the following provisions of
this Section, as applicable.
Part B:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as otherwise provided in Part C of this Section,
goods shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance
with the provisions of Section II of the Guidelines and
paragraph 5 of Appendix 1 thereto.
2.    The following provisions shall apply to goods to be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with the
provisions of paragraph 1 of this Part B:
      (a)   Grouping of contracts
      To the extent practicable, contract for goods shall be
grouped in bid packages estimated to cost $200,000 equivalent
or more each.
      (b)   Preference for domestically manufactured goods
      The provisions of paragraphs 2.54 and 2.55 of the
Guidelines and Appendix 2 thereto shall apply to goods
manufactured in the territory of the Borrower.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    National Competitive Bidding
      Except as provided in paragraph 4 below, works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with the
provisions of paragraphs 3.3 and 3.4 of the Guidelines.
2.    National Shopping
      Equipment and materials (including construction materials)
estimated to cost $20,000 equivalent or less per contract and
$2,900,000 equivalent or less in the aggregate, may be procured
under contracts awarded on the basis of national shopping
procedures in accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 3.5
and 3.6 of the Guidelines.
3.    Direct Contracting
      Seed, seedling, fertilizer and breeding stock which must
be purchased from the original supplier to be compatible with
existing supplies and costing $7,000,000 equivalent or less in
the aggregate, may, with the Association's prior agreement, be
procured in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 3.7 of
the Guidelines.
4.    Force Account
      Works which meet the requirements of paragraph 3.8 of the
Guidelines, and costing $10,600,000 equivalent or less in the
aggregate, may, with the Association's prior agreement, be
carried out by force account in accordance with the provisions
of said paragraph of the Guidelines.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Procurement Planning
Page  6
      Prior to the issuance of any invitations to prequalify for
bidding or to bid for contracts, the proposed procurement plan
for the Project shall be furnished to the Association for its
review and approval, in accordance with the provisions of
paragraph 1 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.  Procurement of
all goods and works shall be undertaken in accordance with such
procurement plan as shall have been approved by the
Association, and with the provisions of said paragraph 1.
2.    Prior Review
      With respect to each contract (i) for works estimated to
cost the equivalent of $200,000 or more, and (ii) for goods
estimated to cost the equivalent of $100,000 or more, the
procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 3 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply.
3.    Post Review
      With respect to each contract not governed by paragraph 2
of this Part, the procedures set forth in paragraph 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
1.    Consultants' services shall be procured under contracts
awarded in accordance with the provisions of the "Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the
World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August
1981 (the Consultant Guidelines).  For complex, time-based
assignments, such contracts shall be based on the standard form
of contract for consultants' services issued by the Bank, with
such modifications thereto as shall have been agreed by the
Association.  Where no relevant standard contract documents
have been issued by the Bank, other standard forms acceptable
to the Association shall be used.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this
Section, the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring
prior Association review or approval of budgets, short lists,
selection procedures, letters of invitation, proposals,
evaluation reports and contracts, shall not apply to (a)
contracts for the employment of consulting firms estimated to
cost less than $100,000 equivalent each, or (b) contracts for
the employment of individual consultants estimated to cost less
than $50,000 equivalent each.  However, said exceptions to
prior Association review shall not apply to (a) the terms of
reference for such contracts, (b) single-source selection of
consulting firms, (c) assignments of a critical nature, as
reasonably determined by the Association, (d) amendments to
contracts for the employment of consulting firms raising the
contract value to $100,000 equivalent or above, or (e)
amendments to contracts for the employment of individual
consultants raising the contract value to $50,000 equivalent or
above.
                                SCHEDULE 2
                          Implementation Program
1.    Assam shall maintain the Project Implementation Unit, the
Project Guidance Committee and the Project Coordination
Committee, established for assisting in implementation of the
Project, with staff and responsibilities agreed with the
Association.
2.    Assam shall cause its departments and agencies
participating in the implementation of the Project to interact
and agree with the beneficiaries of the Project in the choice,
location, design, preparation and implementation of activities
supported under the Project.
Page  7
3.    Assam shall prepare and furnish to the Association not
later than March 31 of each year, starting March 31, 1996,
annual work plans and budgets satisfactory to the Association.
4.    Assam shall select the NGOs participating under the
Project in accordance with criteria agreed with the
Association.
5.    Assam shall:
      (a)   maintain policies and procedures adequate to enable
it to monitor and evaluate on an ongoing basis, in accordance
with indicators satisfactory to the Association, the carrying
out of the Project and the achievement of the objectives
thereof;
      (b)   prepare, under terms of reference satisfactory to the
Association, and furnish to the Association, on or about June
30, 1999, a report integrating the results of the monitoring
and evaluation activities performed pursuant to paragraph (a)
of this Section, on the progress achieved in the carrying out
of the Project during the period preceding the date of said
report and setting out the measures recommended to ensure the
efficient carrying out of the Project and the achievement of
the objectives thereof during the period following such date;
and
      (c)   review with the Association, by December 31, 1999, or
such later date as the Association shall request, the report
referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section, and, thereafter,
take all measures required to ensure the efficient completion
of the Project and the achievement of the objectives thereof,
based on the conclusions and recommendations of the said report
and the Association's views on the matter.
6.    Assam shall carry out any land acquisition and
resettlement and rehabilitation of any affected persons under
the Project in accordance with arrangements and procedure
agreed with the Association.
