Page  1
                                               CONFORMED COPY
                                        CREDIT NUMBER 2733 IN
                Development Credit Agreement
        (Assam Rural Infrastructure and Agricultural
                      Services Project)
                           between
                            INDIA
                             and
            INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                     Dated June 6, 1995
                                                CREDIT NUMBER 2733 IN
                DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated June 6, 1995, between INDIA, acting by
its
President (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association).
     WHEREAS (A) the Association has received a letter dated
April 6, 1995, from the State of Assam (Assam) describing
reforms that constitute the framework for improving
agricultural production in Assam including policy,
institutional and administrative reforms (hereinafter called
the Policy Reform Program), and declaring Assam's commitment to
carry out such Policy Reform Program.
     (B)  the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule
2 to this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in
the financing of the Project;
     (C)  the Project will be carried out by Assam with the
Borrower's assistance and, as part of such assistance, the
Borrower will make available to Assam the proceeds of the
Credit as provided in this Agreement; and
     WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower
Page  2
upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and
in the Project Agreement of even date herewith between the
Association and Assam;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                          ARTICLE I
               General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the modifications thereto set forth below
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this
Agreement:
     (a)  The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
     (b)  The second sentence of Section 5.01 is modified to
read:
          "Except as the Association and the Borrower shall
          otherwise agree, no withdrawals shall be made: (a)
          on account of expenditures in the territories of any
          country which is not a member of the Bank or for
          goods produced in, or services supplied from, such
          territories; or (b) for the purpose of any payment
          to persons or entities, or for any import of goods,
          if such payment of import, to the knowledge of the
          Association, is prohibited by a decision of the
          United Nations Security Council taken under Chapter
          VII of the Charter of the United Nations."
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions have the
respective meanings therein set forth and the following
additional terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "Assam" means the State of Assam, a State of the
Borrower, or any successor thereto;
     (b)  "Project Agreement" means the agreement between the
Association and Assam of even date herewith, as the same may be
amended from time to time, and such term includes all schedules
and agreements supplemental to the Project Agreement;
     (c)  "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
     (d)  "PWD" means Assam Public Works Department; and
     (e)  "NGO" means non-governmental organization.
                         ARTICLE II
                         The Credit
     Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
in the Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent to eighty one million Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 81,000,000).
     Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be
withdrawn from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures
made (or, if the Association shall so agree, to be made) in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit.
Page  3
     (b)  The Borrower may, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in the
Reserve Bank of India on terms and conditions satisfactory to
the Association. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions
of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 2003
or such later date as the Association shall establish. The
Association shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later
date.
     Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a commitment charge on the principal amount of the
Credit not withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by
the Association as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed
the rate of one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
     (b)  The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date)
to the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by
the Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at
the rate set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the
accrual date or at such other rates as may be set from time to
time thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a) above. The rate set
as of June 30 in each year shall be applied from the next
payment date in that year specified in Section 2.06 of this
Agreement.
     (c)  The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such
places as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii)
without restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the
territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified
in this Agreement for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the
General Conditions or in such other eligible currency or
currencies as may from time to time be designated or selected
pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
     Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4
of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit
withdrawn and outstanding from time to time.
     Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall
be payable semiannually on May 1 and November 1 in each year.
     Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below,
the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in
semi-annual installments payable on each May 1 and November 1
commencing November 1, 2005 and ending May 1, 2030.  Each
installment to and including the installment payable on May 1,
2015 shall be one and one-fourth percent (1-1/4%) of such
principal amount, and each installment thereafter shall be two
and one-half percent (2-1/2%) of such principal amount.
     (b)  Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product
per capita, as determined by the Association, shall have
exceeded $790 in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive
years, and (ii) the Bank shall consider the Borrower
creditworthy for Bank lending, the Association may, subsequent
to the review and approval thereof by the Executive Directors
of the Association and after due consideration by them of the
development of the Borrower's economy, modify the terms of
repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower,
the Association may revise such modification to include, in
lieu of some or all of the increase in the amounts of such
installments, the payment of interest at an annual rate agreed
with the Association on the principal amount of the Credit
withdrawn and outstanding from time to time, provided that, in
Page  4
the judgment of the Association, such revision shall not change
the grant element obtained under the above-mentioned repayment
modification.
     (c)  If, at any time after a modification of terms
pursuant to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines
that the Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated
significantly, the Association may, if so requested by the
Borrower, further modify the terms of repayment to conform to
the schedule of installments as provided in paragraph (a)
above.
     Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America
is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the
General Conditions.
                         ARTICLE III
                  Execution of the Project
     Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to
the objective of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, without any limitation or
restriction upon any of its other obligations under the
Development Credit Agreement, shall cause Assam to perform in
accordance with the provisions of the Project Agreement all the
obligations of Assam therein set forth, shall take and cause to
be taken all action, including the provision of funds,
facilities, services and other resources, necessary or
appropriate to enable Assam to perform such obligations, and
shall not take or permit to be taken any action which would
prevent or interfere with such performance.
     (b)  The Borrower shall make the proceeds of the Credit
available to Assam in accordance with the Borrower's standard
arrangements for developmental assistance to the States of
India.
     Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to the
Project Agreement.
     Section 3.03. The Borrower and the Association hereby
agree that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04,
9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating
to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules,
records and reports, maintenance and land acquisition,
respectively) in respect of the Project shall be carried out by
Assam pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Project Agreement.
                         ARTICLE IV
                     Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) For all expenditures with respect to
which withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the
basis of statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
          (i)  maintain or cause to be maintained in
               accordance with sound accounting practices,
               records and accounts reflecting such
               expenditures;
          (ii) ensure that all records (contracts, orders,
               invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
               evidencing such expenditures are retained until
               at least one year after the Association has
               received the audit report for the fiscal year
               in which the last withdrawal from the Credit
Page  5
               Account was made; and
         (iii) enable the Association's representatives
               to examine such records.
     (b)  The Borrower shall:
          (i)  have the records and accounts referred to in
               paragraph (a) (i) of this Section and those for
               the Special Account for each fiscal year
               audited, in accordance with appropriate
               auditing principles consistently applied, by
               independent auditors acceptable to the
               Association;
          (ii) furnish to the Association as soon as
               available, but in any case not later than nine
               months after the end of each such year the
               report of such audit by said auditors, of such
               scope and in such detail as the Association
               shall have reasonably requested, including a
               separate opinion by said auditors as to whether
               the statements of expenditure submitted during
               such fiscal year, together with the procedures
               and internal controls involved in their
               preparation, can be relied upon to support the
               related withdrawals; and
         (iii) furnish to the Association such other
               information concerning said records and
               accounts and the audit thereof as the
               Association shall from time to time reasonably
               request.
                          ARTICLE V
                 Remedies of the Association
     Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
     (a)  Assam shall have failed to perform any of its
obligations under the Project Agreement.
     (b)  An event has occurred which shall make it improbable
that the Policy Reform Program or a significant part thereof
will be carried out.
     Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified,
namely, that any event specified in Section 5.01 (a) and (b) of
this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of
sixty days after notice thereof shall have been given by the
Association to the Borrower.
                         ARTICLE VI
                 Effective Date; Termination
     Section 6.01. The following is specified as an additional
matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association namely, that the Project Agreement
has been duly authorized or ratified by Assam, and is legally
binding upon Assam in accordance with its terms.
     Section 6.02. The date ninety (90) days after the date of
this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section
12.04 of the General Conditions.
                         ARTICLE VII
Page  6
         Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 7.01. The Secretary, Additional Secretary, Joint
Secretary, Director, Deputy Secretary, or Under Secretary of
the Department of Economic Affairs in the
Ministry of Finance of the Borrower is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of Section
11.03 of the General Conditions.
     Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for
the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
          The Secretary to the Government of India
          Department of Economic Affairs
          Ministry of Finance
          New Delhi, PIN 110001
          India
          Cable address:           Telex:
               ECOFAIRS              953-3166175
               New Delhi
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS               248423 (RCA)
               Washington, D.C.       82987 (FTCC)
                                      64145 (WUI) or
                                     197688 (TRT)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
               INDIA
               By /s/Narayan Valluri
                                    Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/Heinz Vergin
                               Acting Regional Vice President
                                                   South Asia
                         SCHEDULE 1
          Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of
the amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage
Page  7
of expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                       Amount of the
                     Credit Allocated             % of
                       (Expressed in          Expenditures
   Category           SDR Equivalent)        to be Financed
(1) Civil works                              90%
   (a) for Part C.2 (v) 5,100,000
       of the Project
   (b) other           43,100,000
(2) Goods              16,800,000            100% of foreign
                                             expenditures,
                                             100% of local
                                             expenditures
                                             (ex-factory
                                             cost) and 80%
                                             of local
                                             expenditures for
                                             other items
                                             procured locally
(3) Consultants'        6,400,000            100%
   services and
   training (including
   NGOs' services)
(4) Incremental          9,600,000           70% until March
    operation                                31, 1996, 50%
    and maintenance                          until March 31,
    costs and                                1998, and 20%
    incremental                              thereafter
    staff salaries
       TOTAL           81,000,000
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country
other than that of the Borrower;
     (b)  the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied
from the territory of the Borrower; and
     (c)  the term "incremental operation and maintenance
costs" means operation and maintenance costs of additional
vehicles and equipment incurred for the Project after October
31, 1994, and "incremental staff salaries" means salaries in
respect of posts created for the Project after October 31,
1994.
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made:
     (a)  in respect of payments made for expenditures prior to
the date of this Agreement, except that withdrawals, in an
aggregate amount not to exceed SDR 3,900,000 may be made on
account of payments made for expenditures before that date but
after October 31, 1994; and
Page  8
     (b)  in respect of expenditures under Category 1 (a)
unless and until the Association has received a policy,
financial arrangements and implementation plan, acceptable to
the Association, for the maintenance of rural roads under Part
C.2 (v) of the Project.
4.   The Association may require withdrawals from the Credit
Account to be made on the basis of statements of expenditure
for expenditures for: (a) goods under contracts not exceeding
$100,000 equivalent, and works under contracts not exceeding
$200,000 equivalent; (b) services under contracts not exceeding
$100,000 equivalent for employment of consulting firms and
$50,000 equivalent for employment of individual consultants
respectively; (c) training and fellowships; (d) works procured
under force account; and (e) incremental operation and
maintenance costs and incremental staff salaries, all under
such terms and conditions as the Association shall specify by
notice to the Borrower.
                         SCHEDULE 2
                 Description of the Project
     The objective of the Project is to assist Assam in (i)
improving equity and alleviate poverty by offering better
opportunities to poorer farmers and women to contribute to
growth and income generation; (ii) improving nutrition of the
rural poor; (iii) accelerating agricultural growth through
improved use of resources, relieving infrastructure and
technical constraints, and providing an enabling environment to
facilitate the growth of private sector investments; (iv)
encouraging sustainability of resource use and quality of the
environment; and (v) improving Assam's long-term capacity for
a strategic agricultural planning.
     The Project consists of the following parts, subject to
such modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association
may agree upon from time to time to achieve such objective.
Part A:   Poverty Alleviation
     1.   Fisheries Development
          (i)  Fish Production: Development of about 800 farm
               ponds, 150 community tanks, and 50 large
               beels;
          (ii) Fish Support Services: (a) Establishment of 6
               fish health units and a mini-mill for testing
               and development of feed; (b) strengthening
               extension services by providing training to
               fish subject matter specialists; and (c)
               carrying out demonstration of integrated fish
               farming with horticulture and animal
               husbandry; and
         (iii) Monitoring and Evaluation: Provision of
               consultants' services for (a) investigating
               problems of flood-plain fisheries, (b)
               carrying out of an ecological survey of
               wetlands, and (c) monitoring and evaluation of
               the impact of the project on rural incomes and
               on the environment.
     2.   Horticulture
          (i)  Strengthening about 23 progeny orchards;
          (ii) provision of training for subject matter
               specialists for extension services; and
Page  9
         (iii) establishment of demonstration plots on
               selected farmers' fields through provision of
               improved horticulture planting materials.
     3.   Livestock Development
          (i)  supporting an artificial insemination program
               by extending coverage of breeding livestock
               through establishment of three frozen semen
               production stations, six frozen semen banks,
               rehabilitation of existing liquid nitrogen
               plants, and an extension of coverage of
               artificial insemination to the poor districts;
          (ii) strengthening disease diagnostic and
               investigation laboratories and disease
               monitoring through provision of equipment and
               materials;
         (iii) refurbishing Livestock Husbandry
               Department buildings for training, and
               provision of equipment and materials;
          (iv) provision of training for self-employed
               livestock technicians;
          (v)  provision of training in basic aspects of
               animal husbandry and management; and
          (vi) supporting forage seeds production by the
               private sector through contracts and forage
               production by NGOs and Field Management
               Committees.
Part B:   Institutional Development
     1.   Technology Generation
          (i)  Strengthening the state-level applied research
               in six regional agricultural research stations
               under the Assam Agricultural University,
               namely: Titabar, Shilongani, Karimganj,
               Lakhimpur, Gossaigaon and Diphu;
          (ii) strengthening the livestock research center at
               Mandira, the horticultural research center at
               Kahikuchi and establishment of a new fisheries
               research center at Jorhat; and
         (iii) establishment of a pilot project on soil
               and water conservation and management.
     2.   Education and Training
          (i)  Supporting pre-service training for women by
               refurbishing the Gram Sevika Training Center
               at Jorhat;
          (ii) strengthening the State Agricultural
               University to provide in-service training to
               extension staff;
         (iii) provisions of training to farmers; and
          (iv) upgrading the training facility at Naltoli to
               function as a state level staff Training
               Institute.
     3.   Extension
          (i)  Extending coverage of modified extension
Page  10
               service (broad based) to all agricultural sub-
               divisions, including eight additional sub-
               divisions and provision of vehicles for the
               Agricultural Department and for extension
               staff on a hire purchase arrangement;
          (ii) supporting Field Trial Stations, to include
               demonstration of production technology (farm
               power and harvesting) on farmers' fields, and
               post harvest technology (crop drying and
               storage); and
         (iii) strengthening provision of information to
               extension staff through provision of
               equipment, materials, vehicles and
               rehabilitation of associated buildings.
     4.   Seed Multiplication
          (i)  Provision of facilities, including machinery
               and equipment, for production and processing
               of breeder seed;
          (ii) repair of farm buildings; and
         (iii) provision of facilities required for
               improvement of foundation and certified seed
               farms.
     5.   Land Administration
          Carrying out of cadastral surveys and updating land
          records and consolidating fragmented land holdings,
          on a pilot scale, in about 15 villages of Kamrup
          District.
Part C:   Infrastructure Development
     1.   Irrigation
          (i)  Construction of about 15,000 shallow tubewells
               covering about 33,000 ha;
          (ii) rehabilitation of about 320 deep tubewells and
               provision of combination pumpsets, and
               rehabilitation of about 150 river pumping
               schemes covering about 16,000 ha;
         (iii) construction of five irrigation tanks as
               a pilot scheme to irrigate about 100 ha;
          (iv) establishment of farmer groups and provision
               of training to farmers in the proper operation
               and maintenance of the irrigation schemes,
               with the assistance of NGOs as promoters and
               organizers of farmers groups; and
          (v)  provisions of staff training.
     2.   Rural Roads
          (i)  Rehabilitation of about 1400 km of rural
               roads, including replacement of about 285
               unserviceable timber bridges;
          (ii) provision of spare parts to revive heavy road
               construction equipment and machinery under
               PWD;
         (iii) provision of consultants' services to
               prepare road and bridge designs,
               specifications, drawings, bidding documents
Page  11
               and to supervise construction by private
               contractors;
          (iv) modernization of PWD's design wing,
               laboratory, mechanical and road maintenance
               wings through provision of necessary materials
               and equipment;
          (v)  maintenance of rural roads; and
          (vi) provision of training to PWD's personnel in
               project and contract management, quality
               control, road maintenance, and labor-intensive
               construction.
Part D:   Project Implementation
     1.   Strengthening the Project Implementation Unit
          through provision of vehicles, office equipment, and
          incremental operation and staffing.
     2.   Carrying out of studies on soil and water management
          and marketing of high value crops.
                          *   *   *
  The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 2003.
                         SCHEDULE 3
                       Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1),
(2), (3), and (4) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
     (b)  the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures
in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services
required for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit allocated from time to time to the eligible
Categories in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement; and
     (c)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $4 million to be withdrawn from the Credit
Account and deposited in the Special Account pursuant to
paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule, provided, however, that,
unless the Association shall otherwise agree, the Authorized
Allocation shall be limited to an amount equivalent to $2
million until the aggregate amount of withdrawals from the
Credit Account plus the total amount of all outstanding special
commitments entered by the Association pursuant to Section 5.02
of the General Conditions shall be equal to or exceed the
equivalent of SDR 19 million.
2.   (a)  Payments out of the Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with the
provisions of this Schedule.
     (b)  Each payment (including a payment under a letter of
credit) for an eligible expenditure in an amount equal to or
less than the equivalent of $1,300,000 shall be made
exclusively out of the Special Account.  The Association may
from time to time, by notice to the Borrower, revise the
threshold amount specified in the preceding sentence.
3.   After the Association has received evidence satisfactory
to it that the Special Account has been duly opened,
withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and subsequent
Page  12
withdrawals to replenish the Special Account shall be made as
follows:
     (a)  For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests
for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate
amount of the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such
request or requests, the Association shall, on behalf of the
Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit in the
Special Account such amount or amounts as the Association shall
have requested.
     (b)  (i)  For replenishment of the Special Account, the
               Borrower shall furnish to the Association
               requests for deposits into the Special Account
               at such intervals as the Association shall
               specify.
          (ii) Prior to or at the time of each such request,
               the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
               the documents and other evidence required
               pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for
               the payment or payments in respect of which
               replenishment is requested. On the basis of
               each such request, the Association shall, on
               behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
               Credit Account and deposit into the Special
               Account such amount as the Borrower shall have
               requested and as shall have been shown by said
               documents and other evidence to have been paid
               out of the Special Account for eligible
               expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from
the Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories,
and in the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been
justified by said documents and other evidence.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association
shall reasonably request, furnish to the Association such
documents and other evidence showing that such payment was made
exclusively for eligible expenditures.
5.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
     (a)  if, at any time, the Association shall have
determined that all further withdrawals should be made by the
Borrower directly from the Credit Account in accordance with
the provisions of Article V of the General Conditions and
paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this Agreement; or
     (b)  if the Borrower shall have failed to furnish to the
Association, within the period of time specified in Section
4.01 (b) (ii) of this Agreement, any of the audit reports
required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
Section in respect of the audit of the records and accounts for
the Special Account;
     (c)  if, at any time, the Association shall have notified
the Borrower of its intention to suspend in whole or in part
the right of the Borrower to make withdrawals from the Credit
Account pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.02 of the
General Conditions.
     (d)  once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, minus the total amount of
all outstanding special commitments entered into by the
Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions
with respect to the Project, shall equal the equivalent of
Page  13
twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association
shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further
withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent that the
Association shall have been satisfied that all such amounts
remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date of
such notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.   (a)  If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for
an expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to
paragraph 2 of this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the
evidence furnished to the Association, the Borrower shall,
promptly upon notice from the Association: (A) provide such
additional evidence as the Association may request; or (B)
deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Association shall
so request, refund to the Association) an amount equal to the
amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so eligible
or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise agree, no
further deposit by the Association into the Special Account
shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence or
made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
     (b)  If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures,
the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association,
refund to the Association such outstanding amount.
     (c)  The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association,
refund to the Association all or any portion of the funds on
deposit in the Special Account.
     (d)  Refunds to the Association made pursuant to
paragraphs 6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be
credited to the Credit Account for subsequent withdrawal or for
cancellation in accordance with the relevant provisions of this
Agreement, including the General Conditions.
