Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2164 YEM
                       (Third Power Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
               PUBLIC CORPORATION FOR ELECTRIC POWER
                      Dated February 6, 1991
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2164 YEM
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated February 6, 1991, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and PUBLIC CORPORATION FOR
ELECTRIC POWER (PCEP).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between Republic of Yemen (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to eleven
million nine hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 11,900,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition that PCEP agree
to undertake such obligations toward the Association as are set
forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and PCEP, the proceeds of the credit provided
Page  2
for under the Development Credit Agreement will be made available to
PCEP on the terms and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan
Agreement; and
      WHEREAS PCEP, in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so
defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) PCEP declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the
Project with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial, engineering and environmental
practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as
needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section, PCEP shall appoint: (i) a Project manager, whose
qualifications and experience shall be satisfactory to the
Association, for the purposes of supervising the carrying out of
Part A of the Project; and (ii) a Project manager, whose
qualifications and experience shall be satisfactory to the
Association, for the purposes of supervising the carrying out of
Part B of the Project.
      (c)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section, PCEP shall carry out the Project in conformity with
the health, safety and environmental guidelines of the Bank.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
PCEP shall take all measures necessary to put into effect, not later
than December 31, 1990, an action plan, satisfactory to the
Association, to reduce the level of PCEP's line losses.
      Section 2.03. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.04. PCEP shall carry out the obligations set forth
in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement.
      Section 2.05. PCEP shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, PCEP shall not take or concur in any action which
would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.06. (a) PCEP shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of the Project, the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other
matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
Page  3
      (b)   PCEP shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Credit, or the performance by PCEP of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                 Management and Operations of PCEP
      Section 3.01. PCEP shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial,
engineering and public utility practices under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. PCEP shall at all times operate and maintain its
plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
public utility practices.
      Section 3.03. PCEP shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Association for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as
shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) PCEP shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   PCEP shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                  and expenses and related statements) for each
                  fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Association;
            (ii)  furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than five months after
                  the end of each such year: (A) certified copies
                  of its financial statements for such year; and
                  (B) eight months after the end of each such year,
                  certified copies of: (1) its financial statements
                  for such year as so audited, and (2) the report
                  of such audit by said auditors, of such scope and
                  in such detail as the Association shall have
                  reasonably requested; and
            (iii) furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
      Section 4.02. PCEP shall take all measures necessary on its
part to ensure that its accounts receivable from consumers shall not
exceed the equivalent of three months of the average electricity
sales.
      Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, PCEP shall produce for each of its fiscal years after its
fiscal year ending on December 31, 1990, total revenues equivalent
to not less than the sum of its (i) total operating expenses; and
Page  4
(ii) interest expenses and other charges on debt which are normally
chargeable to operations.
      (b)   Except as the Association shall otherwise agree, before
September 30 in each of its fiscal years, PCEP shall, on the basis
of forecasts prepared by PCEP and satisfactory to the Association
and the Borrower, review whether it would meet the requirements set
forth in paragraph (a) in respect of the next following fiscal year
and shall furnish to the Association the results of such review upon
its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that PCEP would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for the fiscal year covered
by such review, PCEP shall promptly take all necessary measures on
its part in order to meet such requirements.
      (d)   For purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "total revenues" means the sum of total
                  operating revenues and net non-operating income.
            (ii)  The term "total operating revenues" means
                  revenues from all sources related to operations.
            (iii) The term "net non-operating income" means the
                  difference between:
                  (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                        related to operations; and
                  (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                        lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                        of revenues in (A) above.
            (iv)  The term "total operating expenses" means all
                  expenses related to operations, including
                  administration, adequate maintenance, taxes and
                  payments in lieu of taxes, and provision for
                  depreciation based on the average current gross
                  value of PCEP's fixed assets in operation, or
                  other basis acceptable to the Association, but
                  excluding interest and other charges on debt.
            (v)   The average current gross value of PCEP's fixed
                  assets in operation shall be calculated as one
                  half of the sum of the gross value of PCEP's
                  fixed assets in operation at the beginning and at
                  the end of the fiscal year, as valued from time
                  to time in accordance with sound and consistently
                  maintained methods of valuation satisfactory to
                  the Association.
      Section 4.04. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, PCEP shall not incur any debt unless a reasonable forecast of
its revenues and expenditures shows that the estimated net revenues
for each fiscal year during the term of the debt to be incurred
shall be at least 1.5 times PCEP's estimated debt service
requirements in such year on all its debt, including the debt to be
incurred.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "debt" means any indebtedness of PCEP
                  maturing by its terms more than one year after
                  the date on which it is originally incurred.
            (ii)  Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under a
                  loan contract or agreement or other instrument
                  providing for such debt or for the modification
                  of its terms of payment on the date of such
                  contract, agreement or instrument; and (B) under
                  a guarantee agreement, on the date the agreement
Page  5
                  providing for such guarantee has been entered
                  into.
            (iii) The term "net revenues" means the difference
                  between:
                  (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources
                        related to operations and net non-operating
                        income; and
                  (B)   the sum of all expenses related to
                        operations, including administration,
                        adequate maintenance, taxes and payments in
                        lieu of taxes, changes in working capital,
                        but excluding provision for depreciation,
                        other non-cash operating charges and
                        interest and other charges on debt.
            (iv)  The term "net non-operating income" means the
                  difference between:
                  (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                        related to operations; and
                  (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                        lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                        of revenues in (A) above.
            (v)   The term "debt service requirements" means the
                  aggregate amount of repayments (including sinking
                  fund payments, if any) of, and interest and other
                  charges on, debt.
            (vi)  The term "reasonable forecast" means a forecast
                  prepared by PCEP not earlier than twelve months
                  prior to the incurrence of the debt in question,
                  which both the Association and PCEP accept as
                  reasonable and as to which the Association has
                  notified PCEP of its acceptability, provided that
                  no event has occurred since such notification
                  which has, or may reasonably be expected in the
                  future to have, a material adverse effect on the
                  financial condition or future operating results
                  of PCEP.
            (vii) Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                  shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                  currency of the Borrower, debt payable in another
                  currency, such valuation shall be made on the
                  basis of the prevailing lawful rate of exchange
                  at which such other currency is, at the time of
                  such valuation, obtainable for the purposes of
                  servicing such debt, or, in the absence of such
                  rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange
                  acceptable to the Association.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of PCEP thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of
the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                  Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
                  terms; or
Page  6
            (ii)  the date 20 years after the date of this
                  Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify PCEP of
this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                      Telex:
                  INDEVAS                         197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.                248423 (RCA),
                                                   64145 (WUI) or
                                                   82987 (FTCC)
      For PCEP:
            Public Corporation for Electric Power
            Hedjuff, Maalla  P.O. Box 5245
            Aden
            Republic of Yemen
            Cable address:                      Telex:
                  ADENLEC                         2263 YD ADELEC
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of PCEP, may be taken or executed by its
Director General or such other person or persons as the Director
General shall designate in writing, and PCEP shall furnish to the
Association sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
Page  7
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ R. K. Chopra
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                              Europe, Middle East and North Africa
                  PUBLIC CORPORATION FOR ELECTRIC POWER
                  By /s/ Mohsin A. Alaini
                                         Authorized Representative
                             SCHEDULE
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:   Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
      Except as provided in Part B hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Items or groups of items estimated to cost less than the
equivalent of $40,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount not to
exceed the equivalent of $500,000, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of comparison of price quotations obtained from
at least three suppliers, from at least two different countries
eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures
acceptable to the Association.
2.    Instruments, relays, recorders and similar equipment required
to be compatible with existing equipment in the substations to be
rehabilitated under Part A of the Project, estimated to cost up to
an aggregate of $100,000, may be procured, with the prior approval
of the Association, on the basis of negotiated contracts with the
suppliers thereof.
Part C:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $100,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of the
Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit
Page  8
Agreement.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of para-
graph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist PCEP in procurement and engineering
supervision, PCEP shall employ procurement and engineering
consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms and
conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the Association.
Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the
"Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and
by The World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in
August 1981.
