Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3843 HR
                             Project Agreement
                             (Health Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                              AND DEVELOPMENT
                                    and
                  CROATIAN INSTITUTE OF HEALTH INSURANCE
                            Dated March 8, 1995
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3843 HR
                             PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated March 8, 1995, between INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and CROATIAN
INSTITUTE FOR HEALTH INSURANCE (CIHI).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Republic of Croatia (the Borrower) and the Bank, the
Bank has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to forty million dollars
($40,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Loan Agreement, but only on condition that CIHI agree to
undertake such obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in
this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and CIHI, the proceeds of the loan
provided for under the Loan Agreement will be relent to CIHI on
the terms and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan
Agreement; and
      WHEREAS CIHI, in consideration of the Bank's entering into
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake
the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                                 ARTICLE I
                                Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein
set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) CIHI declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Loan Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative and financial practices, and shall
provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for
the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph
(a) of this Section and except as the Bank and CIHI shall
otherwise agree, CIHI shall carry out the Project in accordance
with the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and consultants' services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. CIHI shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project
Agreement.
      Section 2.04. CIHI shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree, CIHI shall not take or concur in any action
which would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning
or waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision
thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) CIHI shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to progress of the
Project, the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other
matters relating to the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   CIHI shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of
the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Loan, or
the performance by CIHI of its obligations under this Agreement
and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                                ARTICLE III
                     Management and Operations of CIHI
      Section 3.01. CIHI shall carry on its operations and
conduct its affairs in accordance with sound administrative and
financial practices under the supervision of qualified and
experienced management assisted by competent staff in adequate
numbers.
      Section 3.02. CIHI shall at all times operate and maintain
its facilities, equipment and other property, and from time to
Page  3
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and
renewals thereof, all in accordance with sound financial and
managerial practices.
      Section 3.03. CIHI shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to
the Bank for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts
as shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
                                ARTICLE IV
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) CIHI shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   CIHI shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of
                  income and expenses and related statements) for
                  each fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Bank;
            (ii)  furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but
                  in any case not later than six months after the
                  end of each such year, (A) certified copies of
                  its financial statements for such year as so
                  audited, and (B) the report of such audit by
                  said auditors of such scope and in such detail
                  as the Bank shall have reasonably requested;
                  and
           (iii)  furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and
                  financial statements as well as the audit
                  thereof, as the Bank shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.
                                 ARTICLE V
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the
Bank and of CIHI thereunder shall terminate on the date on
which the Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
terms, and the Bank shall promptly notify CIHI thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any
cancellation or suspension under the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE VI
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted
to be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement
between the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in
writing. Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been
duly given or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by
mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which
it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
Page  4
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      For CIHI:
            Croatian Institute for Health Insurance
            Margaretska 3
            41000 Zagreb
            Croatia
                                          Telex:
                                            862-21215
                                            862-21833
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be executed,
under this Agreement on behalf of CIHI, or by CIHI on behalf of
the Borrower under the Loan Agreement, may be taken or executed
by the Director of CIHI or such other person or persons as the
Director of CIHI shall designate in writing, and CIHI shall
furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and
the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                        INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                          RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                        By /s/ Wilfried Thalwitz
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                                  Europe and Central Asia
                        CROATIAN INSTITUTE FOR HEALTH INSURANCE
                        By /s/ Petar Sarcevic
                                                Authorized Representative
Page  5
                                SCHEDULE 1
                   Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
1.  Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines), and in
accordance with the following additional procedures:
    (a)   When contract award is delayed beyond the original bid
validity period, such period may be extended once, subject to
and in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 2.59 of the
Guidelines, by the minimum amount of time required to complete
the evaluation, obtain necessary approvals and clearances and
award the contract. The bid validity period may be extended a
second time only if the bidding documents or the request for
extension shall provide for appropriate adjustment of the bid
price to reflect changes in the cost of inputs for the contract
over the period of extension. Such an increase in the bid price
shall not be taken into account in the bid evaluation. With
respect to each contract made subject to the Bank's prior
review in accordance with the provisions of Part D.1(a) of this
Section, the Bank's prior approval will be required for: (i) a
first extension of the bid validity period if the period of
extension exceeds sixty (60) days; and (ii) any subsequent
extension of the bid validity period.
    (b)   In the procurement of goods in accordance with this
Part A, CIHI shall use the relevant standard bidding documents
issued by the Bank, with such modifications thereto as the Bank
shall have agreed to be necessary for the purposes of the
Project. Where no relevant standard bidding documents have been
issued by the Bank, CIHI shall use bidding documents based on
other internationally recognized standard forms agreed with the
Bank.
2.  To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall be
grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of
$300,000 or more.
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
    In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in
the Republic of Croatia may be granted a margin of preference
in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs 1
through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.  Items or groups of items for goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of $300,000 or less per contract, up to an aggregate
amount equivalent to $600,000, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of comparison of price quotations obtained
from at least three suppliers from at least three different
countries eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Bank.
2.  Items or groups of items for goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of $50,000 or less per contract, up to an aggregate
amount equivalent to $100,000, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of comparison of price quotations obtained
from at least three suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Bank.
Page  6
3.  Goods and technical licenses which the Bank agrees: (a) are
of proprietary nature; (b) the timely supply thereof is
critical for efficient project execution; or (c) need to be
compatible with other installed equipment, may be awarded after
direct negotiations with suppliers, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Bank.
Part D:   Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.  Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and
final contracts:
    (a)   With respect to each contract for goods estimated to
cost the equivalent of $300,000 or more, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines
shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be modified
to ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract
required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph
2 (d) shall be furnished to the Bank prior to the making of the
first payment out of the Special Account in respect of such
contract.
    (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3
and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where
payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, said procedures shall be modified to ensure that the
two conformed copies of the contract together with the other
information required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to
said paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the Bank as part of the
evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4
to the Loan Agreement.
    (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Loan Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
2.  The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II. Employment of Consultants
1.  In order to assist CIHI in carrying out the Project, CIHI
shall employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and
terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Bank. Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank on the basis
of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank
Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published
by the Bank in August 1981 (the Consultant Guidelines). For
complex, time-based assignments, CIHI shall employ such
consultants under contracts using the standard form of contract
for consultants' services issued by the Bank, with such
modifications as shall have been agreed by the Bank. Where no
relevant standard contract documents have been issued by the
Bank, CIHI shall use other standard forms agreed with the Bank.
2.  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this
Section, the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring
prior Bank review or approval of budgets, short lists,
selection procedures, letters of invitation, proposals,
evaluation reports and contracts shall not apply to (a)
contracts for the employment of consulting firms estimated to
cost less than $100,000 equivalent each or (b) contracts for
the employment of individuals estimated to cost less than
$50,000 equivalent each. However, this exception to prior Bank
review shall not apply to (a) the terms of reference for such
contracts, (b) single-source selection of consulting firms, (c)
assignments of a critical nature, as reasonably determined by
the Bank, (d) amendments to contracts for the employment of
Page  7
consulting firms raising the contract value to $100,000
equivalent or above, or (e) amendments to contracts for the
employment of individual consultants raising the contract value
to $50,000 equivalent or above.
                                SCHEDULE 2
                          Implementation Program
1.  CIHI shall have overall responsibility for implementation of
the Project and shall be solely responsible for the
implementation of Part A of the Project. In carrying out Parts
B and C of the Project, CIHI shall cooperate with: (i) MOH and
PHC units in implementing Parts B(1) and B(2) of the Project;
(ii) NIPH, the Institute for Diabetics, the Teaching Hospital
for Communicable Diseases, the Institute for Cardiovascular
Disease Prevention, the Institute for Organization and
Economics of Health Services, and public and private television
and radio institutions in implementing Part B(3) of the
Project; and (iii) MOH, hospitals and universities in
implementing Part C of the Project.
2.  A full-time PIO shall be maintained within CIHI during
execution of the Project and shall undertake responsibility for
the daily implementation of the Project.
3.  Facilities receiving equipment under the Project shall repay
the cost of the equipment to the CIHI in accordance with the
terms of a standard contract agreed between the Bank and CIHI.
