Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2116 TA
                                                (Second Amendment)
                 (Agricultural Adjustment Credit)
                              between
                    UNITED REPUBLIC OF TANZANIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                      Dated January 29, 1992
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2116 TA
                                                (Second Amendment)
                     SECOND AGREEMENT AMENDING
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated January 29, 1992, between the UNITED
REPUBLIC OF TANZANIA (the Borrower) and the INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower and the Association have entered
into a Development Credit Agreement (Agricultural Adjustment
Credit), dated April 16, 1990, (the Development Credit Agreement)
for the purpose of assisting in the financing of the program
referred to in Recital (A) of the Preamble to the Development Credit
Agreement (the Program);
      (B)   the Borrower and the Association have entered into an
agreement dated December 19, 1990, (the First Amending Agreement)
amending the Development Credit Agreement for the purpose of
providing the Borrower with additional assistance in the financing
Page  2
of the Program;
      (C)   the Borrower has requested the Association to provide
further additional assistance towards the financing of the Program
by increasing the amount made available under the Development Credit
Agreement by an amount in various currencies equivalent to eight
million six hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 8,600,000);
and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to provide such further additional assistance to
the Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                   Amendments to the Development
                         Credit Agreement
      Section 1.01. Section 1.02 of the Development Credit Agreement
is amended by the deletion of the word "and" at the end of Sub-
section (j) thereof and the replacement of the ensuing Subsections
by the following:
      (k)   "Amending Agreement" means the Agreement Amending the
Development Credit Agreement (Agricultural Adjustment Credit)
between the Borrower and the Association, dated December 19, 1990,
as amended; and
      (l)   "Second Amending Agreement" means the Second Agreement
Amending the Development Credit Agreement (Agricultural Adjustment
Credit) between the Borrower and the Association, dated January 29,
1992."
      Section 1.02. Section 2.01 of the Development Credit Agreement
is amended to read as follows:
            "Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
      Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
      in the Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various
      currencies equivalent to one hundred and seventy million five
      hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 170,500,000) (the
      Credit), which includes an original amount in various curren-
      cies equivalent to one hundred fifty million four hundred
      thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 150,400,000) and two
      additional amounts in various currencies equivalent, respec-
      tively, to eleven million five hundred thousand Special
      Drawing Rights (SDR 11,500,000) (the First Additional Financ-
      ing) and eight million six hundred thousand Special Drawing
      Rights (SDR 8,600,000) (the Second Additional Financing)."
      Section 1.03. A proviso is added at the end of Section 2.04
(b) of the Development Credit Agreement reading as follows:
            "; provided, however, that any commitment charge on the
      First Additional Financing shall accrue from March 20, 1991,
      and that any commitment charge on the Second Additional
      Financing shall accrue from a date sixty days after the date
      of the Second Amending Agreement."
      Section 1.04. Paragraph 4 of Schedule 1 to the Development
Credit Agreement is amended by the deletion therefrom of the amount
"SDR 84,070,000" and the substitution therefor of the amount
"SDR 92,670,000".
      Section 1.05. The following paragraph is added at the end of
Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement:
     "7.(a)  After December 19, 1991, no withdrawals shall be
      made and no commitment shall be entered into to pay amounts to
Page  3
      or on the order of the Borrower in respect of expenditures to
      be financed out of the proceeds of the First Additional
      Financing. At any time after such date, the Association may,
      by notice to the Borrower, cancel the unwithdrawn amount of
      the First Additional Financing from the Credit Account or any
      part thereof.
            (b)   After a date twelve months from the date of the
      Second Amending Agreement, no withdrawals shall be made and no
      commitment shall be entered into to pay amounts to or on the
      order of the Borrower in respect of expenditures to be
      financed out of the proceeds of the Second Additional Financ-
      ing. At any time after such date, the Association may, by
      notice to the Borrower, cancel the unwithdrawn amount of the
      Second Additional Financing from the Credit Account or any
      part thereof."
                            ARTICLE II
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 2.01. This Agreement shall not become effective until
evidence satisfactory to the Association shall have been furnished
to the Association, that the execution and delivery of this
Agreement on behalf of the Borrower have been duly authorized or
ratified by all necessary governmental action.
      Section 2.02. As part of the evidence to be furnished pursuant
to Section 2.01 of this Agreement, there shall be furnished to the
Association an opinion or opinions satisfactory to the Association
of counsel acceptable to the Association showing, on behalf of the
Borrower, that this Agreement has been duly authorized or ratified
by, and executed and delivered on behalf of, the Borrower and is
legally binding upon the Borrower in accordance with its terms.
      Section 2.03. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Association shall dispatch to the
Borrower notice of its acceptance of the evidence required by
Section 2.01 of this Agreement.
      Section 2.04. If this Agreement shall not have come into force
and effect by a date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement, this Agreement and all obligations of the parties
hereunder shall terminate, unless the Association establishes a
later date for the purposes of this Section. If this Agreement shall
terminate under the provisions of this Section, the Development
Credit Agreement shall continue in full force and effect, as if this
Agreement had not been executed.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  UNITED REPUBLIC OF TANZANIA
                  By /s/ Charles Nyirabu
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice-President
Page  4
                                                            Africa
