Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2116 TA
                                                       (Amendment)
                        Agreement Amending
                   Development Credit Agreement
                 (Agricultural Adjustment Credit)
                              between
                    UNITED REPUBLIC OF TANZANIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                      Dated December 19, 1990
                                DEVELOPMENT CREDIT NUMBER 2116 TA
                                                       (Amendment)
                        AGREEMENT AMENDING
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated December 19, 1990, between the UNITED
REPUBLIC OF TANZANIA (the Borrower) and the INTERNATIONAL DEVELOP-
MENT ASSOCIATION (the Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower and the Association have entered into
a Development Credit Agreement (Agricultural Adjustment Credit),
dated April 16, 1990, (the Development Credit Agreement) for the
purpose of assisting in the financing of the program referred to in
Recital (A) of the Preamble to the Development Credit Agreement (the
Program);
      (B)   the Borrower has requested the Association to provide
additional assistance towards the financing of the Program by
increasing the amount made available under the Development Credit
Agreement by an amount in various currencies equivalent to eleven
million five hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 11,500,000); and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to provide such additional assistance to the
Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                             ARTICLE I
                   Amendments to the Development
                         Credit Agreement
      Section 1.01. Section 1.02 of the Development Credit Agreement
is amended by the deletion of the word "and" at the end of Sub-
section (i), its replacement after Subsection (j), and the addition
of the following:
            "(k) "Amending Agreement" means the Agreement Amending
      the Development Credit Agreement (Financial Sector Adjustment
      Credit) between the Borrower and the Association, dated
                        ."
     Section 1.02. Section 2.01 of the Development Credit Agreement
is amended to read as follows:
            "Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
      Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
      in the Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various
      currencies equivalent to one hundred and sixty-one million
      nine hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 161,900,000)
      (the Credit), which includes an original amount in various
      currencies equivalent to one hundred and fifty million four
      hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 150,400,000) and
      an additional amount in various currencies equivalent to
      eleven million five hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
      (SDR 11,500,000) (the Additional Financing)."
      Section 1.03. A proviso is added at the end of Sec-
tion 2.04 (b) of the Development Credit Agreement reading as
follows:
            "; provided, however, that any commitment charge on the
      Additional Financing shall accrue from a date sixty days after
      the date of the Amending Agreement."
      Section 1.04. Paragraph 4 of Schedule 1 to the Development
Credit Agreement is amended by the deletion therefrom of the amount
"SDR 72,570,000" and the substitution therefor of the amount
"SDR 84,070,000".
      Section 1.05. The following paragraph is added at the end of
Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement:
            "6.  After a date twelve months from the date of the
      Amending Agreement, no withdrawals shall be made and no
      commitment shall be entered into to pay amounts to or on the
      order of the Borrower in respect of expenditures to be
      financed out of the proceeds of the Additional Financing. At
      any time after such date, the Association may, by notice to
      the Borrower, cancel the unwithdrawn amount of the Additional
      Financing from the Credit Account or any part thereof."
                           ARTICLE II
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 2.01. This Agreement shall not become effective until
evidence satisfactory to the Association shall have been furnished
to the Association that the execution and delivery of this Agreement
on behalf of the Borrower have been duly authorized or ratified by
all necessary governmental action.
      Section 2.02. As part of the evidence to be furnished pursuant
to Section 2.01 of this Agreement, there shall be furnished to the
Association an opinion or opinions satisfactory to the Association
of counsel acceptable to the Association showing, on behalf of the
Borrower, that this Agreement has been duly authorized or ratified
by, and executed and delivered on behalf of, the Borrower and is
Page  3
legally binding upon the Borrower in accordance with its terms.
      Section 2.03. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Association shall dispatch to the
Borrower notice of its acceptance of the evidence required by
Section 2.01 of this Agreement.
      Section 2.04. If this Agreement shall not have come into force
and effect by a date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement, this Agreement and all obligations of the parties
hereunder shall terminate, unless the Association establishes a
later date for the purposes of this Section. If this Agreement shall
terminate under the provisions of this Section, the Development
Credit Agreement shall continue in full force and effect, as if this
Agreement had not been executed.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  UNITED REPUBLIC OF TANZANIA
                  By /s/ Ali Karume
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice-President
                                                            Africa
