Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                     LOAN NUMBER 3783 TUN
                            Guarantee Agreement
                    (Water Supply and Sewerage Project)
                                  between
                            REPUBLIC OF TUNISIA
                                    and
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                              AND DEVELOPMENT
                         Dated September 21, 1994
                                                     LOAN NUMBER 3783 TUN
                            GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated September 21, 1994, between the REPUBLIC
OF TUNISIA (the Guarantor) and the INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and the Societe Nationale
d'Exploitation et de Distribution des Eaux (the Borrower),
having been satisfied as to the feasibility and priority of the
Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, have
requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the Project;
and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between
the Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the
Borrower a loan in various currencies equivalent to twenty-nine
million dollars ($29,000,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the
Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in
respect of such loan as provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's
entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
so to guarantee such obligations of the Borrower;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                      General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan
and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985,
with the modifications set forth below (the General Conditions)
constitute an integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)   The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      (b)   In Section 6.02, subparagraph (k) is relettered as
sub-paragraph (l) and a new subparagraph (k) is added to read:
            "(k)  An extraordinary situation shall have arisen
      under which any further withdrawals under the Loan would
      be inconsistent with the provisions of Article III,
      Section 3 of the Bank's Articles of Agreement."
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions, in the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the Preamble to and Section
1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the respective meanings therein
set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                                 Guarantee
      Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Loan Agreement, and, to this end, hereby unconditionally
guarantees, as primary obligor and not as surety merely, the
due and punctual payment of the principal of, and interest and
other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on the
prepayment of the Loan, all as set forth in the Loan Agreement.
                                ARTICLE III
                Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 3.01. The Minister of International Cooperation
and Foreign Investment of the Guarantor is designated as
representative of the Guarantor for the purposes of Section
11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 3.02. The following addresses are specified for
the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Ministry of International Cooperation
             and Foreign Investment
            149, Avenue de la Liberte
            1002 Tunis-Belvedere
            Republic of Tunisia
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  MCIIE                           18060
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
Page  3
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.                 82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                        REPUBLIC OF TUNISIA
                        By /s/ Oussama Romdhani
                        Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                          RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                        By /s/ Caio Koch-Weser
                        Regional Vice President
                        Middle East and North Africa
