Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3551 SEY
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
                (Environment and Transport Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                   PUBLIC UTILITIES CORPORATION
                      Dated January 15, 1993
                                             LOAN NUMBER 3551 SEY
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated January 15, 1993, between INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and PUBLIC UTILITIES
CORPORATION (PUC).
      WHEREAS: (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Republic of Seychelles (the Borrower) and the Bank, the
Bank has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to four million five hundred thousand
dollars ($4,500,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Loan Agreement, but only on condition that PUC agree to undertake
such obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and PUC, a portion of the proceeds of the loan
provided for under the Loan Agreement will be relent to PUC on the
terms and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
and
      WHEREAS PUC, in consideration of the Bank's entering into the
Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
Page  2
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. PUC declares its commitment to the objectives of
the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement and, to
this end, shall carry out Part A.1 of the Project with due diligence
and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate administrative,
financial, engineering and technical practices, and shall provide,
or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for Part A.1 of the Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for Part A.1 of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Loan shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. PUC shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.04 through 9.09 of the General Conditions (relating to
insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records
and reports, maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in
respect of the Project Agreement and Part A.1 of the Project.
      Section 2.04. PUC shall duly perform all its obligations under
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, PUC shall not take or concur in any action which would have
the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) PUC shall participate fully in the mid-term
review referred to in Schedule 5 of the Loan Agreement and, to this
end, shall: (i) furnish to the Borrower and the Bank such reports as
may be required for that purpose, and in such detail as the Borrower
or the Bank shall reasonably request, on the progress and status of
the Project; and (ii) following each such review, act promptly and
diligently, in order to take, or assist the Borrower in taking, any
corrective action deemed necessary to remedy any shortcoming noted
in the implementation of the Project, or to implement, or assist the
Borrower in implementing, such other measures as may have been
agreed upon between the parties in furtherance of the objectives of
the Project.
      (b)   Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing,
PUC shall, at the request of the Bank, exchange views with the Bank
with regard to the progress of Part A.1 of the Project, the
performance of its obligations under this Agreement and under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters relating to the
purposes of the Loan.
      (c)   PUC shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of Part
A.1 of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Loan,
or the performance by PUC of its obligations under this Agreement
and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                 Management and Operations of PUC
Page  3
      Section 3.01. PUC shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial and
technical practices under the supervision of qualified and
experienced management assisted by competent staff in adequate
numbers.
      Section 3.02. PUC shall at all times operate and maintain its
plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
technical practices.
      Section 3.03. PUC shall take out and maintain with responsible
insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the Bank for,
insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be
consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) PUC shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   PUC shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                  and expenses and related statements) for each
                  fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Bank;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end
                  of each such year, (A) certified copies of its
                  financial statements for such year as so audited,
                  and (B) the report of such audit by said auditors
                  of such scope and in such detail as the Bank
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      Section 4.02. (a) PUC shall take necessary steps to ensure, in
respect of its water supply works and installations in Praslin,
that:
            (i)   its outstanding receivables, in respect of sales
                  of water to domestic and commercial consumers,
                  and to the Borrower, shall not, with effect from
                  the end of 1993, exceed 60 days;
           (ii)   its percentage of unaccounted-for water is
                  reduced to not more than 18%, with effect from
                  the end of 1993, and maintained thereafter at
                  that level or below;
          (iii)   except as the Borrower and the Bank may otherwise
                  agree, PUC shall reduce its ratio of total
                  operating expenses to total operating revenue to
                  not more than 0.85, in 1994, and not more than
                  0.70, in 1995;
           (iv)   except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, PUC
                  shall earn, for each of its fiscal years after
                  its fiscal year ending on March 31, 1994, an
Page  4
                  annual return of not less than 2% of the average
                  current net value of PUC's fixed assets in
                  operation.
      (b)   Before June 30 in each of its fiscal years, PUC shall,
on the basis of forecasts prepared by PUC and satisfactory to the
Bank, review whether it would meet the requirements set forth in
paragraph (a) (iv) above in respect of such year and the next
following fiscal year and shall furnish to the Bank the results of
such review upon its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that PUC would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) (iv) above for PUC's fiscal
years covered by such review, PUC shall promptly take all necessary
measures (including, without limitation, adjustments of the
structure or levels of its tariffs) in order to meet such
requirements.
      (d)   For purposes of paragraph (a) (iii) of this Section:
            (i)   the term "total operating expenses" means the sum
                  of all expenses related to operations, including
                  administration, adequate maintenance, taxes and
                  payments in lieu of taxes, but excluding interest
                  and other charges on debt, depreciation and other
                  non-cash items; and
           (ii)   the term "total operating revenue" means the
                  revenue from all sources related to operations.
      (e)   For purposes of paragraph (a) (iv) of this Section:
            (i)   the annual return shall be calculated by dividing
                  PUC's net operating income for the fiscal year in
                  question by one half of the sum of the current
                  net value of PUC's fixed assets in operation at
                  the beginning and at the end of that fiscal year;
           (ii)   the term "net operating income" means total
                  operating revenues less total operating expenses;
          (iii)   the term "total operating revenues" means
                  revenues from all sources related to operations;
           (iv)   the term "total operating expenses" means all
                  expenses related to operations, including
                  administration, adequate maintenance, taxes and
                  payments in lieu of taxes, and provision for
                  depreciation on a straight-line basis at a rate
                  of not less than 2.5% per annum of the average
                  current gross value of PUC's fixed assets in
                  operation, or other basis acceptable to the Bank,
                  but excluding interest and other charges on debt;
           (v)    the average current gross value of PUC's fixed
                  assets in operation shall be calculated as one
                  half of the sum of the gross value of PUC's fixed
                  assets in operation at the beginning and at the
                  end of the fiscal year, as valued from time to
                  time in accordance with sound and consistently
                  maintained methods of valuation satisfactory to
                  the Bank; and
          (vi)    the term "current net value of PUC's fixed assets
                  in operation" means the gross value of PUC's
                  fixed assets in operation less the amount of
                  accumulated depreciation, as valued from time to
                  time in accordance with sound and consistently
                  maintained methods of valuation satisfactory to
                  the Bank.
                             ARTICLE V
Page  5
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of PUC thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the Loan
Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the Bank
shall promptly notify PUC thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      For PUC:
            Public Utilities Corporation
            P.O. Box 34
            Unity House
            Victoria
            Republic of Seychelles
            Telefax:                      Telex:
                  248 25255                 997 2350 UTLITY SZ
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of PUC, or by PUC on behalf of the Borrower
under the Loan Agreement, may be taken or executed by the Executive
Chairman of PUC or such other person or persons as the Executive
Chairman of PUC shall designate in writing, and PUC shall furnish to
the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated
specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
Page  6
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                          RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                        By /s/ Francisco Aquirre-Sacasa
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                        PUBLIC UTILITIES CORPORATION
                        By /s/ Marc Marengo
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I: Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
      Goods and works shall be procured under contracts awarded in
accordance with procedures consistent with those set forth in
Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1992 (the
Guidelines).
Part B:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Contracts for the purchase of pumps, up to an aggregate amount
equivalent to $50,000, may be awarded after direct negotiations with
suppliers, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the Bank.
2.    Civil works under Part A.1 of the Project, up to an aggregate
amount equivalent to $150,000, may be carried out by force account.
Part C:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for civil works estimated
to cost the equivalent of $100,000 or more, and goods estimated to
cost the equivalent of $50,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contracts are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contracts required to be furnished to the
Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Bank
prior to the making of the first payment out of the Special Account
in respect of such contracts.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contracts are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contracts together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to the Loan Agreement.
Page  7
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the Loan
Account are to be made on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II: Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist PUC in carrying out Part A.1 of the
Project, PUC shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Bank. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World
Bank Borrowers and by The World Bank as Executing Agency" published
by the Bank in August 1981.
