Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2318 GH
            (Second Financial Sector Adjustment Credit)
                              between
                         REPUBLIC OF GHANA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                      Dated February 7, 1992
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2318 GH
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated February 7, 1992, between REPUBLIC OF GHANA
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Association has received a letter, dated
November 15, 1991, from the Borrower describing a program of
actions, objectives and policies designed to achieve structural
adjustment of the Borrower's financial sector (hereinafter called
the Program), declaring the Borrower's commitment to the execution
of the Program, and requesting assistance from the Association in
the financing of urgently needed imports and services required
during such extension;
      (B)   the Borrower intends to obtain from the Government of
the Swiss Confederation (Switzerland) a non-reimbursable
contribution in an amount of fifteen million Swiss Francs
(SwF 15,000,000) (the Swiss Contribution) to assist in the
financing of the Program on the terms and conditions set forth in
a bilateral agreement (the Swiss Contribution Agreement) to be
Page  2
entered into between the Borrower and Switzerland;
      (C)   Switzerland intends to appoint the Association to
administer the Swiss Contribution in accordance with the
provisions of the Procedural Arrangements dated May 9, 1990 (the
Arrangements) between Switzerland and the Association; and
      (D)   on the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing, the
Association has decided, in support of the Program, to provide
such assistance to the Borrower by making the Credit in three
tranches as hereinafter provided;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the modifications there set forth below (the
General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      (a)   Section 2.01, paragraph 9, shall be modified to read:
            "'Project' means the imports and other activities that
      may be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit pursuant
      to the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit
      Agreement.";
      (b)   Section 9.06 (c) shall be modified to read:
            "'(c) Not later than six months after the Closing Date
      or such later date as may be agreed for this purpose between
      the Borrower and the Association, the Borrower shall prepare
      and furnish to the Association a report, of such scope and
      in such detail as the Association shall reasonably request,
      on the execution of the Program referred to in the Preamble
      to the Development Credit Agreement, the performance by the
      Borrower and the Association of their respective obligations
      under the Development Credit Agreement and the
      accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit."; and
      (c)   the last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the
Preamble to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein
set forth and the following additional terms have the following
meanings:
      (a)   "SITC" means the Standard International Trade
Classification, Revision 3 (SITC, Rev. 3), published by the United
Nations in Statistical Papers, Series M, No. 34/Rev. 3 (1986);
      (b)   "Cedi" means the currency of the Borrower;
      (c)   "Special Accounts" means the accounts referred to in
Section 2.02 (c) of this Agreement;
      (d)   "Swiss Contribution Account" means the account
established by Switzerland for the purpose of the Swiss
Contribution;
      (e)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to an exchange of letters, dated August 28, 1991, and
September 12, 1991, between the Borrower and the Association.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
Page  3
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in
the Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to seventy-four million Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 74,000,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit and the amount of
the Swiss Contribution may be withdrawn from the Credit Account
and the Swiss Contribution Account, respectively, in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for
expenditures made (or, if the Association shall so agree, to be
made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services
required during the execution of the Program and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit and the Swiss Contribution.
      (b)   Except as the Association and Switzerland shall
otherwise agree, the allocation and withdrawal of the Swiss
Contribution shall be governed mutatis mutandis by the provisions
of the General Conditions.
      (c)   The Borrower shall: (i) for the purposes of the
Program, open and maintain in dollars up to two special deposit
accounts (IDA Special Accounts) and an additional special deposit
account for the proceeds of the Swiss Contribution (Swiss Special
Account) in commercial banks on terms and conditions satisfactory
to the Association; and (ii) for the purposes identified in
Section 3.03 of this Agreement, open and maintain in dollars a
special deposit account in a commercial bank on terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Association. Such terms and
conditions shall include appropriate protection against set-offs,
seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Accounts shall be made in accordance with the provisions
of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (d)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal
amount of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and
outstanding as of such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon.
The unwithdrawn balance of the authorized amount of the Project
Preparation Advance shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be March 31, 1995, or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The
Association shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a)  The Borrower shall pay to the Association
a commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the
rate set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date
or at such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter
pursuant to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in
each year shall be applied as of the next payment date in that
year specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such
places as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement
for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in
such other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to
time be designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that
Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one per cent (3/4
Page  4
of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn
and outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall
be payable semiannually on April 1 and October 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below,
the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in
semi-annual installments payable on each April 1 and October 1
commencing April 1, 2002, and ending October 1, 2031. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on October 1,
2011, shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product
per capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded
$790 in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and
(ii) the Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank
lending, the Association may, subsequent to the review and
approval thereof by the Executive Directors of the Association and
after due consideration by them of the development of the
Borrower's economy, modify the terms of repayment of installments
under paragraph (a) above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice
the amount of each such installment not yet due until the
principal amount of the Credit shall have been repaid. If so
requested by the Borrower, the Association may revise such
modification to include, in lieu of some or all of the increase in
the amounts of such installments, the payment of interest at an
annual rate agreed with the Association on the principal amount of
the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time to time, provided
that, in the judgment of the Association, such revision shall not
change the grant element obtained under the above-mentioned
repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify
the terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments
as provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 2.09. (a) The Bank of Ghana is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of taking any
action required or permitted to be taken under the provisions of
Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Article V of the General
Conditions.
      (b)   Without limitation or restriction to the foregoing,
the Borrower hereby entrusts the Bank of Ghana with responsibility
for the preparation of withdrawal applications under the Credit
and the Swiss Contribution for the collection of the documents and
other evidence to be furnished to the Association in support of
such applications; such withdrawal applications, with respect to
Category (1) of the table set forth in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1
to this Agreement, shall to the extent practicable be consolidated
so as to
apply for withdrawal of aggregate amounts of not less than
$500,000 equivalent.
                            ARTICLE III
                       Particular Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower and the Association shall
from time to time, at the request of either party, exchange views
on the progress achieved in carrying out the Program and the
actions specified in Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
Page  5
      (b)   Prior to each such exchange of views, the Borrower
shall furnish to the Association for its review and comment a
report on the progress achieved in carrying out the Program, in
such detail as the Association shall reasonably request.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit and the Swiss Contribution shall be governed by the
provisions of Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. (a) In order to strengthen the institutional
capabilities of the agencies and organizations engaged in the
carrying out of the Program and referred to herein below, the
Borrower shall, in accordance with a plan acceptable to the
Association:
            (i)   implement a technical assistance program for the
                  Bank of Ghana designed to assist Bank of Ghana
                  in its restructuring and institutional
                  strengthening efforts, including the acquisition
                  of computer hardware and software;
           (ii)   establish a FINSAC Implementation Secretariat
                  responsible for guiding, coordinating,
                  monitoring and reporting of all financial sector
                  adjustment activities; such secretariat shall
                  report to the FINSAC Policy Committee through
                  the PNDC Secretary for Finance and Economic
                  Planning; in addition, a liaison office shall be
                  set up in the Ministry of Finance and Economic
                  Planning;
          (iii)   provide training, technical assistance and
                  logistical support to the Auditor General's
                  Office, the Institute of Chartered Accountants,
                  the National Insurance Commission, the Ghana
                  Institute of Bankers, the stock exchange and the
                  new banking college;
           (iv)   provide technical assistance, computer hardware
                  and software, and training for Ghana Commercial
                  Bank, the Non-Performing Assets Recovery Trust
                  and those banks which are being restructured;
                  and
            (v)   carry out studies designed to address the
                  structural and institutional problems of the
                  financial and corporate sectors, including
                  diagnostic studies of the major insurance
                  companies, a study of the Social Security and
                  National Investment Trust's management of its
                  assets/liabilities position and its future role
                  in the capital markets, a study of the informal
                  financial sector, and a study of the non-bank
                  financial institutions.
      (b)   In carrying out the activities set forth in paragraph
(a) of this Section, the Borrower shall, in accordance with the
plan referred to in paragraph (a) above: (i) provide equipment,
training and fellowships to the relevant agencies and
organizations; and (ii) employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be
selected in accordance with the principles and procedures
satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the "Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the
World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August
1981.
      Section 3.04. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
Page  6
with consistently maintained sound accounting practices the
expenditures financed out of the proceeds of the Credit and the
Swiss Contribution.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section, including those
                  for the Special Accounts, for each fiscal year,
                  audited in accordance with appropriate auditing
                  principles consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as
                  available, but in any case not later than six
                  months after the end of each such year, a
                  certified copy of the report of such audit by
                  said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                  as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other
                  information concerning said records, accounts
                  and the audit thereof as the Association shall
                  from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                  accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                  records and accounts reflecting such
                  expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the
                  Association has received the audit for the
                  fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from
                  the Credit Account or the Swiss Contribution
                  Account was made, all records (contracts,
                  orders, invoices, bills, receipts and other
                  documents) evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                  report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                  by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
      Section 3.05. The Borrower shall cause Bank of Ghana to:
      (a)   furnish to the Association as soon as available, but
in any case not later than six months after the end of each fiscal
year: (i) certified copies of its financial statements for such
year as so audited; and (ii) the report of such audit by its
auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the Association
shall have reasonably requested; and
      (b)   furnish to the Association such other information
concerning such records, accounts, financial statements and the
audit thereof as the Association shall from time to time
reasonably request.
                            ARTICLE IV
Page  7
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 4.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   A situation has arisen which shall make it improbable
that the Program, or a significant part thereof, will be carried
out.
      (b)   (i)   Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph:
                  (A)   The right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                        proceeds of any grant or loan made to the
                        Borrower in support of the Program shall
                        have been suspended, cancelled or
                        terminated in whole or in part, pursuant
                        to the terms of the agreement providing
                        therefor; or
                  (B)   any such loan shall have become due and
                        payable prior to the agreed maturity
                        thereof.
           (ii)   Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not
                  apply if the Borrower establishes to the
                  satisfaction of the Association that:
                  (A)   such suspension, cancellation, termination
                        or prematuring is not caused by the
                        failure of the Borrower to perform any of
                        its obligations under such agreement; and
                  (B)   adequate funds in support of the Program
                        are available to the Borrower from other
                        sources on terms and conditions consistent
                        with the obligations of the Borrower under
                        this Agreement.
      Section 4.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely,
that the event specified in paragraph (b) (i) (B) of Section 4.01
of this Agreement shall occur, subject to the proviso of paragraph
(b) (ii) of that Section.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 5.01. The following event is specified as an
additional condition to the effectiveness of the Development
Credit Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the
General Conditions, namely, that the Borrower has enacted the Bank
of Ghana Act.
      Section 5.02. The date ninety (90) days after the date of
this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section
12.04 of the General Conditions.
      Section 5.03. In the event that Switzerland or the
Association terminate the functions of the Association pursuant to
paragraph 5 of the Procedural Arrangements, the Association shall
notify the Borrower promptly of the date on which Switzerland
shall assume the rights and obligations of the Association under
this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE VI
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 6.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 (a) of this
Agreement, the Provisional National Defense Council Secretary for
Finance and Economic Planning of the Borrower is designated as
Page  8
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03
of the General Conditions.
      Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            PNDC Secretary for Finance
              and Economic Planning
            Ministry of Finance and Economic Planning
            P.O. Box M40
            Accra, Ghana
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  ECONOMICON                 2205 MIFAEP GH
                  Ghana
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                    197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia,
United States of America, as of the day and year first above
written.
                  REPUBLIC OF GHANA
                  By /s/ Kwame Amoa-Awua
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                                      Amount of
                     Amount           the Swiss
                     of the         Contribution
                     Credit           Allocated         % of
                    Allocated        (Expressed       Expendi-
                   (Expressed         in Swiss         tures
Page  9
                     in SDR            Francs          to be
     Category      Equivalent)       Equivalent)      Financed
(1) Goods (other   60,650,000         15,000,000      100% of
    than goods to                                     foreign
    be utilized for                                   expendi-
    the purposes                                      tures
    identified in
    Section 3.03 of
    this Agreement)
(2) Goods to be     4,000,000                         100%
    utilized for
    the purposes
    identified in
    Section 3.03 of
    this Agreement
(3) Training and      600,000                         100%
    fellowships
                                      Amount of
                     Amount           the Swiss
                     of the         Contribution
                     Credit           Allocated         % of
                    Allocated        (Expressed       Expendi-
                   (Expressed         in Swiss         tures
                     in SDR            Francs          to be
     Category      Equivalent)       Equivalent)      Financed
(4) Consultants'    8,300,000                         100%
    services
(5) Refunding of      450,000                         Amount due
    Project                                           pursuant to
    Preparation                                       Section 2.02
    Advance                                           (d) of this
                                                      Agreement
                   __________         __________
    TOTAL          74,000,000         15,000,000
                   ==========         ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule, the term "foreign
expenditures" means expenditures in the currency of any country
other than that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied
from the territory of any country other than that of the Borrower.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   expenditures for goods included in the following SITC
groups or sub-groups, or any successor groups or sub-groups under
future revisions to the SITC, as designated by the Association by
notice to the Borrower:
      Group       Sub-Group               Description of Items
       112           -                    Alcohol beverages
       121           -                    Tobacco, unmanufactured,
                                          tobacco refuse
     Group         Sub-Group              Description of Items
      122             -                   Tobacco, manufactured
                                          (whether or not
                                          containing tobacco
                                          substitutes)
Page  10
      525             -                   Radioactive and
                                          associated
                                          materials
      667            -                    Pearls, precious and semi-
                                          precious stones, unworked
                                          or worked
      718            -                    Nuclear reactors, and
                                          parts thereof, fuel ele-
                                          ments (cartridges), non-
                                          irradiated for nuclear
                                          reactors
      728         728.43                  Tobacco processing
                                          machinery
      897           -                     Jewelry of gold, silver
                                          or platinum group metals
                                          (except watches and
                                          watch cases) and
                                          goldsmiths' or
                                          silversmiths' wares (in-
                                          cluding set gems)
      971           -                     Gold, non-monetary (ex-
                                          cluding gold ores gold
                                          concentrates)
      (b)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of
this Agreement, except that withdrawals, in an aggregate amount
not exceeding the equivalent of SDR 11,100,000 may be made in
respect of Category (1) and to be financed out of the Credit on
account of payments made for expenditures before that date but
after October 7, 1991;
      (c)   expenditures in respect of Category (1) and to be
financed from the Swiss Contribution unless all conditions
precedent to the initial disbursement of the Swiss Contribution
have been met;
      (d)   expenditures in respect of Category (1) for goods
procured under contracts costing less than $50,000 equivalent;
      (e)   expenditures for goods supplied under a contract which
any national or international financing institution or agency
other than the Association shall have financed or agreed to
finance;
      (f)   expenditures for goods intended for a military or
para-military purpose or for luxury consumption;
      (g)   expenditures in excess of an aggregate amount
equivalent to SDR 14,800,000 for petroleum products from the
Credit Account; and
      (h)   expenditures for foodstuffs, crude fertilizers, crude
minerals and petroleum products from the Swiss Contribution
Account.
4.    Withdrawals for expenditures: (a) in respect of Category (1)
under contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of less than $500,000; and (b) in respect of Categories
(2), (3) and (4) under contracts for the procurement of goods and
services estimated to cost the equivalent of less than $75,000 may
be permitted by the Association upon the basis of statements of
expenditure under such terms and conditions as the Association
shall specify.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
Page  11
withdrawal shall be made and no commitment shall be entered into
to pay amounts to or on the order of the Borrower in respect of
expenditures to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit and
the Swiss Contribution allocated to Category (1) in the table set
forth in paragraph 1 of this Schedule:
      (a)   after the aggregate of the proceeds of the Credit and
the Swiss Contribution withdrawn from that Category and the total
amount of such commitments shall have reached the equivalent of:
(i) SDR 18,500,000 from the Credit; and (ii) SwF 4,500,000 from
the Swiss Contribution, unless the Association shall be satisfied,
after an exchange of views as described in Section 3.01 of this
Agreement based on evidence satisfactory to the Association:
(A) with the progress achieved by the Borrower in the carrying out
of the Program, (B) that the macro-economic policy framework of
the Borrower is consistent with the objectives of the Program; and
(C) that the actions described in paragraph 1 of Schedule 3 to
this Agreement have been taken and are satisfactory to the
Association; and
      (b)   after the aggregate of the proceeds of the Credit and
the Swiss Contribution withdrawn from that Category and the total
amount of such commitments shall have reached the equivalent of:
(i) SDR 40,000,000 from the Credit; and (ii) SwF 9,900,000 from
the Swiss Contribution, unless the Association shall be satisfied,
after an exchange of views as described in Section 3.01 of this
Agreement based on evidence satisfactory to the Association:
(A) with the progress achieved by the Borrower in the carrying out
of the Program; (B) that the macro-economic policy framework of
the Borrower is consistent with the objectives of the Program; and
(C) that the actions described in paragraph 2 of Schedule 3 to
this Agreement have been taken and are satisfactory to the
Association.
6.    If, after any exchange of views described in paragraph 5
above, the Association shall have given notice to the Borrower
that the progress achieved and actions taken are not satisfactory
and, within 90 days after such notice, the Borrower shall not have
achieved progress and taken actions satisfactory to the
Association, then the Association may, by notice to the Borrower,
cancel the unwithdrawn amount of the Credit and the Swiss
Contribution allocated to Category (1) in the table set forth in
paragraph 1 of this Schedule or any part thereof.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                            Procurement
Section I.  Procurement of Goods referred to in Section 3.03 of
            this Agreement
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
      Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the
Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in Ghana
may be granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and
subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the
Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
      Computer equipment and software estimated to cost less than
the equivalent of $75,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount
not to exceed the equivalent of $250,000, and vehicles and office
Page  12
equipment may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
comparison of price quotations solicited from a list of at least
three suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Association.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and
final contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $75,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of a Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of a
Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for
such contract are to be made out of a Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed
copies of the contract together with the other information
required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the Association as part of the
evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to
this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of para-
graph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Procurement of Other Goods
1.    Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of $2,000,000 or more each shall be awarded through
international competitive bidding in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines), subject to the
following modifications:
      (a)   Paragraph 2.8 of the Guidelines is deleted and the
following is substituted therefor:
      "2.8 Notification and Advertising
            The international community should be notified in a
      timely manner of the opportunity to bid. This will be done
      by advertising invitations to apply for inclusion in a
      bidder's invitation list, to apply for prequalification, or
      to bid; such advertisements should be placed in at least one
      newspaper of general circulation in the Borrower's country
      and, in addition, in at least one of the following forms:
            (i)   a notice in the United Nations publication,
                  Development Forum, Business Edition; or
           (ii)   an advertisement in a newspaper, periodical or
                  technical journal of wide international
                  circulation; or
          (iii)   a notice to local representatives of countries
                  and territories referred to in the Guidelines,
                  that are potential suppliers of the goods
Page  13
                  required."
      (b)   The following is added at the end of paragraph 2.21 of
the Guidelines:
            "As a further alternative, bidding documents may
      require the bidder to state the bid price in a single
      currency widely used in international trade and specified in
      the bidding documents."
      (c)   Paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines are
deleted.
2.    Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of less than $2,000,000 shall be awarded:
      (a)   by purchasers required to follow the Borrower's public
procurement procedures for the importation of goods, on the basis
of such procedures, provided that such procedures shall have been
found acceptable by the Association; and
      (b)   by other purchasers, in accordance with established
commercial practice, provided that such contracts shall be awarded
on the basis of evaluation and comparison of quotations obtained
from suppliers from at least two countries, except that direct
contracting procedures acceptable to the Association may be used
where considered appropriate under paragraph 3.5 of the
Guidelines.
3.    Subject to the prior approval of the Association, commonly
traded commodities may be procured through organized international
commodity markets or other channels of competitive procurement
acceptable to the Association, in accordance with procedures
acceptable to the Association.
4.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraph 1 of
this Section, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association, prior
to the submission to the Association of the first application for
withdrawal of funds from the Credit Account in respect of such
contract, two conformed copies of such contract, together with the
analysis of the respective bids and recommendations for award, a
description of the advertising and tendering procedures followed
and such other information as the Association shall reasonably
request. Where payments under a contract are to be made out of the
proceeds of a Special Account, such copies together with the other
information required to be furnished to the Association pursuant
to this paragraph shall be furnished to the Association as part of
the evidence required under paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement.
5.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraphs 2
and 3 of this Section, the Borrower shall furnish to the
Association, prior to the submission to the Association of the
first application for withdrawal of funds from the Credit Account
in respect thereof, such documentation and information as the
Association may reasonably request to support withdrawal
applications in respect of such contract. Where payments under a
contract are to be made out of the proceeds of a Special Account,
the documentation and the information to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to the provisions of this paragraph shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence required
under paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
6.  The provisions of the preceding paragraph 5 of this Section
shall not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from
the Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
                            SCHEDULE 3
          Actions Referred to in Paragraphs 5 (a) and (b)
                  of Schedule 1 to this Agreement
Page  14
1.    Actions referred to in paragraph 5 (a) of Schedule 1 to this
      Agreement
      (a)   Implementation of the first phase of the action plan
agreed upon with the Association for the divestiture of public
sector shareholdings in banks has commenced.
      (b)   Tax rates on financial institutions have been aligned
with levels applicable to other sectors in accordance with the
modalities agreed upon with the Association.
      (c)   The annual inspection of the banks in accordance with
the Banking Law has occurred.
      (d)   The new organization and management structure of the
Bank of Ghana is being implemented.
      (e)   The Non-Performing Assets Recovery Trust has
implemented its action program for the recovery of non-performing
assets and for liquidations, including achievement of the agreed
annual aggregate recovery targets.
      (f)   Draft legislation for the regulation and supervision
of non-bank financial institutions has been furnished to the
Association.
      (g)   The Social Security and National Investment Trust has
commenced the review of its asset/liability position and the
actuarial assessment of its new pension scheme as well as its role
in the capital market.
2.    Actions referred to in paragraph 5 (b) of Schedule 1 to this
      Agreement
      (a)   Implementation of the first phase of the action plan
for the divestiture of public sector shareholdings in banks and
the review of the remaining banks under the second phase of the
action plan have been completed.
      (b)   The alignment of tax rates on financial institutions
with levels applicable to other sectors has been completed.
      (c)   Bank of Ghana has implemented its computerization
program and has strengthened its operational efficiency in
research, bank supervision, foreign exchange management,
accounting, clearing and internal audit.
      (d)   The Non-Performing Assets Recovery Trust has continued
to implement its action program referred to in paragraph 1 (e)
above.
      (e)   The Borrower has enacted legislation for the
regulation and supervision of non-bank financial institutions,
including uniform accounting requirements and prudential
regulations for those institutions.
      (f)   The banking college has been established and progress
has been achieved in the development and implementation of
training programs for bankers, accountants and insurance
professionals.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                         Special Accounts
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible expenditures" means: (i) in the
case of the Special Accounts referred to in Section 2.02 (c)(i),
Category (1) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1
to this Agreement; and (ii) in the case of the Special Account
Page  15
referred to in Section 2.02 (c)(ii), Categories (2), (3) and (4)
set forth in said table;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services requiredduring the execution of 
the Program and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit and the Swiss Contribution allocated from
time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount, to
be withdrawn from the Credit Account and deposited into the
Special Accounts pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule:
(i) not exceeding an aggregate amount equivalent to $18,000,000 in
the case of the IDA Special Accounts referred to in Section 2.02
(c)(i) of this Agreement; (ii) equivalent to SwF 3,000,000 in the
case of the Swiss Special Account referred to in Section 2.02
(c)(i) of this Agreement; and (iii) equivalent to $2,000,000 in
the case of the Special Account referred to in Section 2.02
(c)(ii) of this Agreement.
2.    Except as the Association shall otherwise agree, payments
out of a Special Account shall be made exclusively for eligible
expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to
it that a Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account may be made as follows:
      (a)   On the basis of a request or requests by the Borrower
for a deposit or deposits which add up to the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation, the Association shall, on behalf of the
Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account and the Swiss
Contribution Account and deposit into the appropriate Special
Account such amount or amounts as the Borrower shall have
requested.
      (b)   The Borrower shall furnish to the Association requests
for replenishment of a Special Account at such intervals as the
Association shall specify. On the basis of such requests, the
Association shall withdraw from the Credit Account and the Swiss
Contribution Account and deposit into the appropriate Special
Account such amounts as shall be required to replenish said
Special Account with amounts not exceeding the amount of payments
made out of the Special Account for eligible expenditures. Each
such deposit shall be withdrawn by the Association from the Credit
Account and the Swiss Contribution Account in the respective
equivalent amounts as shall have been justified by the evidence
supporting the request for such deposit furnished pursuant to
paragraph 4 of this Schedule.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of a Special
Account for which the Borrower requests replenishment pursuant to
paragraph 3 (b) of this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to
the Association, prior to or at the time of such request, such
documents and other evidence as the Association shall reasonably
request, showing that such payment was made for eligible
expenditures.
5.    (a)   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, no further deposit into a Special Account shall be made
by the Association when either of the following situations first
arises:
            (i)   the Association shall have determined that all
                  further withdrawals can be made by the Borrower
                  directly from the Credit Account or the Swiss
                  Contribution Account in accordance with the
                  provisions of Article V of the General
                  Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
                  this Agreement; or
Page  16
           (ii)   the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit or
                  the Swiss Contribution, minus the amount of any
                  outstanding special commitment entered into by
                  the Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the
                  General Conditions with respect to the Program,
                  shall be equal to the equivalent of twice the
                  amount of the Authorized Allocation.
      (b)   Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account or the
Swiss Contribution Account of the remaining unwithdrawn amount of
the Credit or the Swiss Contribution shall follow such procedures
as the Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such
further withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent
that the Association shall have been satisfied that all such
amounts remaining on deposits in a Special Account as of the date
of such notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of a Special Account: (i) was made for any
expenditure or in any amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2
of this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence
furnished to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon
notice from the Association, deposit into said Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the
Association) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the
portion thereof not so eligible or justified. No further deposit
by the Association into the Special Account shall be made until
the Borrower has made such deposit or refund.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in a Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund
to the Association such outstanding amount for crediting to the
Credit Account or the Swiss Contribution Account.
