         International Bank for Reconstruction and Development
                  International Development Association
                                                                 87650
                     International Finance Corporation
                Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency
                        FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
                        CONFIDENTIAL
                                                                       EDS98-340
                                                                      July 8, 1998



Board Meeting of Thursday, July 9, 1998
Statement by Sun Vithespongse

                Thailand: Country Assistance Strategy
  Economic and Financial Adjustment Loan and Social Investment Loan
                      --------------------------
     On behalf of the Thai authorities let me express our appreciation
to staff, especially to Mr. Shivakumar and the Country Team for their
hard work to bring the CAS, as well as the two loans, to the Board.
Given the fact that the team is completely new and was only begun to
be assembled soon after the crisis hit the country, their efforts have
been most commendable.    I also want to express our appreciation to
Jonathan Fiechter and his team for the hard work they have done in
helping us to resolve the financial crisis since last year.
     The substantial progress in economic and social development that
Thailand has made in the past 50 years was disrupted and rolled back
several years by the financial crisis. After almost exactly one year
since the Baht was floated, the country is still mired in the crisis.
The shock triggered by currency attacks was followed by a severe
reversal of capital flows. The Fund program and international rescue
package have so far helped to stabilize the currency and improve
market sentiments, but the situation remains very fragile. Recession
is deepening due in part to continued regional turmoil and protracted
private sector de-leveraging and bank restructuring.
Short-Term Stability and Financial Sector Restructuring

     The new Government, since it took office some 8 months ago, has
moved decisively in an effort to restore exchange rate stability and
market confidence. Fiscal and monetary policies were tightened, while
the foreign exchange reserve has slowly recovered through financial
support under the Fund package and through a current account surplus.
For 1998, the current account surplus is estimated to be $8.5 billion
(7.5% of GDP), which will help to offset net capital outflow,
estimated to be approximately $11 billion.          Inflation remains
moderate, hovering around 10%.      However, the improvement in the
current account represents a collapse in domestic demand rather than a
pick-up in exports, which still show little sign of improvement. The
economy is expected to contract by 5% this year.
                                   2


     Financial sector restructuring continues to be the top priority.
Since assuming office, the Government has closed down 56 out of 91
finance and securities companies and intervened in seven additional
companies and four medium-size banks by writing down their capital and
changing management. Additional amendments to the bankruptcy law and
a bill    to ensure speedy foreclosure procedure are expected to be
passed by the Parliament later this year.         More stringent loan
classification and provisioning rules have been adopted in line with
international standards.   The timetable for the recapitalization of
banks and financial companies has been announced. The strategy is to
encourage financial institutions to raise capital on their own and by
allowing majority foreign ownership.      The strategy has met with
measure of success.   Two major banks were able to raise capital on
their own in foreign markets while several banks and finance companies
have increased foreign participation.         Despite much progress,
recapitalization remains a major challenge, given the size of new
capital required, the deterioration of corporate balance sheets and
rising bankruptcies.
     The resolution process to liquidate assets of closed finance
firms, supported by the Bank’s Finance Companies Restructuring Loan
(FCRL), is being implemented expeditiously according to schedule.
Financial Restructuring Authority’s auction has progressed       well,
receiving   satisfactory   bidding   prices without   the   need   for
intervention by Radhanasin Bank (or the so-called good bank). Timely
liquidation of assets will hopefully strengthen market sentiments and
bring in much needed foreign capital.
Credit Crunch and Recovery
     In going forward, the authorities are fully aware of the trade
off they are facing in the restoration of financial sector stability
on the one hand, and the need to arrest the deepening recession on the
other.   As currency and the financial sector have stabilized to an
extent, the Government is now proceeding with caution to address the
liquidity crunch and resuscitation of the corporate sector.         The
strategy is fourfold:      (1) through less restrictive fiscal and
monetary policy; (2) through borrowing from international markets to
recapitalize state-owned specialized banks so as to enable them to
extend credit to selected sectors with an emphasis on the export
sector and SMEs; (3) through encouraging corporate debt restructuring
by providing debt workout framework, a new NPL exit procedure and
improved tax treatment for loss write-off;           and (4) through
restructuring and refinancing of the FIDF debt outstanding by moving
it away from the short-term market.     The sizeable FIDF outstanding,
which represents almost 20% of GDP and growing, is partly responsible
for draining much of the liquidity from the market.           Corporate
restructuring, which is the key to recovery, has already begun with
involvement of the World Bank in providing the technical support.
     The authorities are also mindful of challenges and pitfalls that
lie ahead as the regional crisis continues to reverberate.   They are
particularly concerned of the social consequences in terms of rising
unemployment and increasing costs of living, which have worsened
inequality and poverty.   The Government recognizes that the informal
safety net through family support has its limitations.     The public
expenditure program targeting the poor and the unemployed will be put
in place with the support of the proceeds from the proposed Social
                                  3


Investment Project (SIP), as well as from ADB and other bilateral
sources.
Medium-Term Reform Agenda
     There has been a growing consensus in Thai society for sometime
that the broad political, social and economic reform agenda must be
addressed to take the country to another level of development. Prior
to the crisis, the issue of good governance and a responsible
political system have been widely debated.       This has resulted in
adoption of a new Constitution which sets out fundamental changes in
the political system.    The new Constitution, which was drafted with
public participation, also put into effect, for the first time, a
framework to promote and protect individual rights and public
participation in governance as well as inspection of Government. The
crisis meanwhile has brought with it a renewed sense of urgency for
the country to address fundamental issues in economic management,
including public and corporate governance;      modernizing the legal
system;    improving competitiveness and the quality of education;
strengthening social programs to provide a safety net to the poor and
the vulnerable as well as improving income distribution. Through the
structure provided under the new Constitution, it is hoped that the
broad reform agenda will be sustained by succeeding governments.
     The current Government, while preoccupied by the current crisis,
has also laid down the framework for future reform.   The medium-term
program set out in the CAS is consistent with the Government’s own
agenda.   In fact, the authorities have already begun to tackle many
areas set out in the three basic themes of the CAS. While it is fully
aware of the risks involved, both externally and internally, the
Government continues to demonstrate its commitment to reform through
its decisive actions and adherence to the Fund program as well as the
Bank’s FCRL.
World Bank Relationship
     My authorities appreciate the constructive and crucial role the
Bank has played in providing valuable advice for crisis resolution and
in supporting the work of FRA.     This has brought the relationship
closer than it has been in the past decade. I believe by locating the
country team in Bangkok and by building on the trust that has been
gained during the crisis period, we will ensure that the Bank will be
productively engaged as an important partner in the development of the
country.
     Finally, we appreciate the flexibility shown by the Bank in
responding to the crisis situation.    We hope that such a flexible
response will continue to be part of the Bank’s program for Thailand.
