Report No. PIC1912
Project Name             Mongolia-Ulaanbaatar Services improvement Project (@+)
Region                        East Asia and Pacific
Sector                        Urban Development
Project ID                    MNPA36052
Borrower                      Government of Mongolia/Municipality
of Ulaanbaatar
Implementing Agency           Municipality of Ulaanbaarar
Mr. Bumtsend, Project Director
Tel. 976-1-432-072
Fax. 976-1-3121194
Date This PID Prepared        March 28, 1997
Project Appraisal Date        April 24, 1997
Projected Board Date          June 24, 1997
1.      Sector and Project Background. Ulaanbaatar (UB), Mongolia's
capital and the hub of its commercial and investment activity, had
some 620,000 people in 1995 or 27 percent of the national
population. Today, the city faces serious urban planning and
service provision problems rooted in the 1950s, when the Government
promoted industrial and power sector development in the city area,
demolished much of the traditional settlements in the central city
and erected apartment blocks in their place to house the
inhabitants and a skilled work force from Russia. With the economic
and political changes that have occurred in Mongolia since 1990,
including the withdrawal of aid from the former Soviet Union and
the collapse of trade that was almost exclusively with former
Soviet-bloc countries, the Municipality's revenues as well as its
ability to check in-migration to the city have declined.
2.      Services in Informal Housing Areas. Urban growth is now
concentrated in 18 informal housing areas where at least 45 percent
of the city's population now reside and which are expected to grow
in the future as financing constraints limit the amount of new
formal housing construction. The informal areas are characterized
by clusters of traditional round tents (ger), wooden shacks, and
individually fenced plots where animals may be kept. These ger
areas normally lie on the city outskirts where they sprawl over the
outlying hills and valleys to the north of the city, several
kilometers from the city's economic activity. Local municipal
government administrators lay out and allot the relatively large
(300 to 500 m2), rectangular plots to residents, providing an
occupation right of unspecified duration.
3.      Due to the presumed temporary nature of the ger areas, only
the bare minimum of urban infrastructure and services is provided -
- usually only individual electricity connections and communal
water collection points where water is trucked in and sold to the
ger residents from water kiosks. Women and children usually fetch
the water containers in hand carts over distances of 200 to 500



meters, on mostly rough, hilly earth paths and roads. In the
winter, ice and snow impede access to the kiosks by both tanker
trucks and ger residents, making water supply erratic. The
difficulty of transporting the water combined with its price, which
covers the full cost of supply, has limited average ger area water
consumption to only 7.5 to 10.0 liters per capita per day (lcd),
far less than the 20 lcd considered the minimum requirement for
good health and sanitation. Average ger household incomes are
estimated to be no more than 70 percent of apartment household
incomes, and about 30 percent of Ulaanbaatar's ger population live
below the poverty line. The inadequacy of public services to the
ger is reflected in significant health differences between ger and
apartment dwellers. For example, the incidence of diarrhea and
acute respiratory infections in ger area children under five years
of age is about double the rate of children living in apartments.
4.      Services in Formal Housing Areas. The 55 percent of city
residents living in apartments have the usual modern conveniences,
including a piped water supply and sewerage. However, the absence
of even minor repairs, rehabilitation or expansion of the water
supply system since 1990, due to a lack of resources and
insufficient awareness of the need for maintenance, has resulted in
a deterioration in service quality, notably intermittent flows and
low pressures. Water revenues from the apartments are, however,
inadequate to finance the needed repairs and system upgrading since
residential water consumption is unmetered, and instead charged on
the basis of assumed norms that average 150 lcd. In reality, the
system supplies about 410 lcd, of which about a third is thought to
be wasted in water losses from leaking plumbing fixtures. The norm-
based charge provides no incentive to conserve water and subsidizes
the cost of water to apartment dwellers. Ger residents currently
pay about 12 times more per unit of water than apartment residents,
despite a 83 percent weighted average increase in the water tariff
for apartment dwellers introduced in January 1997.
5.      Agencies Involved in Municipal Water Supply. Institutional
problems contribute to and exacerbate the issues of inequitable
service standards and pricing as well as service deficiencies. The
Municipality provides water supply and sewerage services through
USAG, which produces, treats and distributes water and collects and
treats sewage. USAG directly services government buildings,
schools, hospitals, commercial premises and some industries.
However, domestic consumers receive USAG water through two other
organizations: first, a government-owned housing company, OSNAAK,
with its affiliated kantors (financially autonomous Housing and
Communal Services Units) distributes water to apartments; and
second, the TANK "Company," a water tanker organization operating
almost autonomously within USAG, services the ger areas. All of
these agencies are fully owned by the Municipality.
6.      USAG operates narrowly as a water supply and sewerage
operations department in the municipal government. Its lack of
autonomy over its operations has provided it with little incentive
to take responsibility for system operations, strategic planning
and financial performance or involvement in dealing with the issues
- 2 -



of system water loss, the charging methods, tariff structure and
revenue. USAG is thought to need a strengthened status and
organization, both of which would be achieved through its
corporatization and institutional strengthening under the proposed
project. These measures, in tandem with an institutional action
plan for USAG's restructuring, would in time allow it to gain
autonomy in financial, investment, and operational planning,
design, budgeting and management.
7.      The TANK "Company," a separate suborganization in USAG but
not a separate income and expenditure center, distributes water to
ger areas using its tanker trucks and a network of some 250 water
sales kiosks. USAG has insufficient control over TANK, whose high
operating costs have forced USAG to cover losses that now
constitute USAG's second largest item of expenditure. The proposed
project's provision of a piped water supply to about half of the
population in 12 ger areas should allow a reduction of TANK's
operations. Under the USAG Action Plan, TANK would be fully
integrated into USAG, to the benefit of the latter's financial
performance.
8.      OSNAAK, responsible for managing about 750 municipally owned
apartment buildings, functions through 18 kantors, which operate
and maintain the buildings and collect rents, provide service
connections for water and electricity, and collect utility user-
charges that they remit to the appropriate agencies. Kantor staff
perform their duties adequately. The current system of kantor
collection of water bills on USAG's behalf is a satisfactory
interim arrangement until USAG develops its own capacity and
installs an adequate billing system that might be managed by the
kantors. An ongoing study of Ulaanbaatar's long-term urban
management and planning strategy is reviewing the feasibility of
privatizing the kantors.
9.      Project Objectives. The proposed project would assist the
Municipal Government to: (a) improve the quality of life of the
city's low-income population by redressing inequity in the
provision of urban services to poorer ger areas compared to
wealthier formal housing areas; (b) restore the level and quality
of municipal water supply services and make them accessible to ger
areas; and (c) develop more efficient and autonomous, performance-
oriented municipal institutions. Project activities in Ulaanbaatar
are intended to demonstrate to Mongolia's other cities the
modalities and benefits of urban renewal, in the expectation that
they will replicate similar measures in the future.
10.     Project Description. The project comprises physical
investments and the provision of technical assistance for various
types of institutional strengthening. The following investments
would be financed: (a) improvement of the water supply distribution
network by constructing about 28 km of transmission lines serving
the existing system and a 12-km extension to the ger areas; (b)
construction of four concrete reservoirs to store water for ger
areas; (c) supply and laying of 93 km of pipelines to service most
public water kiosks in about 12 ger areas; (d) implementation of a
- 3 -



Ger Area Infrastructure Upgrading Program in five priority ger
areas, including construction of limited roadworks, stormwater
drainage, footpaths, and water kiosks; repair of existing kiosks
and community bathrooms and laundries; and provision of garbage
bins; (e) a water leakage and wastage reduction program with supply
and installation of about 13,000 water meters in apartment
buildings and repairing building and apartment plumbing fixtures;
(f) equipment for water supply system maintenance and meter repair;
and (g) equipment for sewer damage assessment, clearance of
blockages, and cleaning. Six of the existing 18 ger areas were
excluded from the ger area water supply component as they are
subject to permafrost intrusion. The five ger areas selected for
infrastructure upgrading ranked most in need of assistance based on
criteria such as health conditions, population, logistical
conditions, and service availability.
11.     For institutional improvement under the project, technical
assistance would be provided for: (a) project management, a
community awareness campaign aimed at lowering water wastage by
apartment dwellers, and mobilization of ger residents' commitment
to and participation in the Infrastructure Improvement Program; (b)
support to a USAG Institutional Action Plan for restructuring and
expanding its duties, with technical assistance and training
provided in financial management, technical fields, and development
of system maintenance programs; (c) studies reviewing the long-term
development and planning of Ulaanbaatar's ger areas and definition
of appropriate levels of public services; and (d) development of,
and training in, a computerized USAG billing and collection system
for metered supplies.
12.     Project Cost and Financing. The project cost, estimated at
$23.5 million equivalent, would be financed by an IDA credit of
$16.1 million equivalent for the water supply component and related
technical assistance, an AusAID grant of $4.2 million equivalent
for the foreign costs of ger area infrastructure upgrading and
related technical assistance, and $3.3 million equivalent from the
Central and Municipal Governments. The AusAID grant would be
administered by IDA under the Global Trust Fund Agreement between
the Bank Group and the Government of Australia.
13.     Project Implementation. The Municipality of Ulaanbaatar would
be responsible for implementing the project. A Project Management
Unit, supported by project-financed technical assistance, would be
established in the Division of Strategic Planning under the Mayor's
Office to oversee the day-to-day aspects of implementation. The Ger
Area Infrastructure Improvement Program would be planned by the
Municipality, in consultation with neighborhood representatives and
neighborhood-level city officials (khoroos). Water meter
installation and plumbing fixture repair would be carried out by
the Kantors.
14.     Participation. Selection of the 12 project ger areas was
based in part on a survey initiated with the assistance of
community leaders to determine population incomes and community
stability. Thereafter, preparation of the proposed activities
- 4 -



featured repeated consultations with representatives of the 12
targeted ger communities regarding the types of infrastructure
upgrading desired and their views on the Municipality's proposals
for meeting needs identified by the communities. Designs of the
various improvements reflect community views solicited on site
conditions, drainage problems, pipeline routes, solid waste issues
and other matters. This consultation process will continue during
implementation through khoroo-based promulgation of community
involvement in project activities. In addition, some newly created
Non-Governmental Organizations, such as Women for Social Progress,
are expected to contribute to efforts aimed at galvanizing maximum
resident participation in the programs.
15.     Sustainability. Project water supply investments are
considered financially and institutionally sustainable. Effective
in October 1996, USAG raised its water tariff to apartment dwellers
by a weighted average of 83 percent. This base tariff level, when
adjusted in the future for inflation as required by the project's
financial performance targets, would be adequate for USAG's
operations until debt service for the proposed project becomes due.
The maintenance fund to be established under the project would also
promote the physical sustainability of the completed investments.
Project technical assistance to enhance the managerial, financial
and technical capabilities of USAG staff is expected to result in
improved institutional and operational performance, further
underpinning the longevity of project investments and institutional
reforms. Finally, the National and Municipal Governments, both
recently elected, have targeted municipal services improvement and
cost recovery for services as focal areas for action. Their rapid
introduction of cost-based charges for water supply and energy
attest to the move away from subsidies.
16.     Affordability. The water tariff for apartment residents is
considered affordable, at only 0.6 percent of average household
income. The water tariff to be paid by ger residents, once they
receive a piped supply, will be only one tenth of the current
tariff charged by TANK. Expenditure for water will drop from the
current 0.4 percent to only 0.1 percent, even with an expected 100
percent increase in current consumption levels.
17.     About 50 percent of the proposed ger investments, including
small roads and culverts, footpaths, grading, and solid waste bins,
would be subject to an infrastructure charge to permit cost
recovery and sustainability of the improvement program. The charge,
considered affordable at about one percent of the average 1996 ger
household income, would be deposited in a revolving fund -- the Ger
Area Infrastructure Improvement Fund to be maintained by MUB -- to
finance further ger improvements in the project areas and in other
ger areas, to strengthen community commitment to maintaining the
improvements, and to attract additional funding from external
agencies.
18.     Lessons Learned from Previous Bank Group Operations. The
Association has assisted Mongolia with three projects providing
balance of payments or technical assistance support, two for
- 5 -



structural adjustment of the banking and enterprise sectors, two
for rehabilitation of the transport system and of the Baganuur coal
mine near UB, and one for protection of vulnerable groups during
this difficult period. The principal lesson learned from these
operations is the lack of local familiarity with basic project
activities like procurement and disbursement, which can result in
significant project start-up delays and slower than expected
progress thereafter. AusAID-funded assistance for preparation of
the proposed project therefore included preparation of major
procurement packages for the first two project years. A four-member
project management team of international consultants would also
assist the Project Management Unit during the first 18 to 24 months
of implementation. Such assistance should accelerate project start-
up and build local capabilities. In addition, counterpart funding
constraints experienced under the Transport Rehabilitation Project
(Cr. 2615, approved in May 1994), due to the imposition during
implementation of percent import duties and a sales tax on project
inputs, would be avoided by including these taxes in the project
cost estimate and budgetary planning by the Central and Municipal
Governments to provide the full local funding requirement.
19.     Experience gained outside of Mongolia also influenced the
project's design. In a review of over 100 urban projects in the
past 20 years, the Bank's Operations Evaluation Department's report
"Twenty Years of Lending for Urban Development" stresses the value
of: (a) ensuring ownership of the project through participation of
beneficiaries from the early stages to improve project design and
reveal effective demand; (b) enhancing service delivery efficiency
in a sustainable way through cost recovery, based on effective
demand; (c) making more efficient use of the existing
infrastructure before developing additional networks, as part of
the borrower's clear understanding of investment priorities; and
(d) integrating urban environmental improvements and pollution
control with economic development.
20.     The proposed project incorporates these lessons. First, to
ensure project ownership, ger area leaders and representatives
discussed their needs with the project preparation team during the
preparation process. And, to prepare stakeholders to assume
responsibility for management and financial reforms under the
project's institutional development component, during project
preparation key utility managers and staff participated in a study
tour of major utilities being successfully operated on commercial
principles in neighboring countries. The very positive feedback
from the latter exercise promises strong commitment to the
project's reform agenda.. Second, efficiency gains and cost
recovery are key aims of the project's institutional and financial
development activities. Third, the project is posited on maximizing
the use of existing facilities rather than constructing new ones.
Proposed water supply system investments would utilize existing
under-used reservoirs to reduce water supply costs, while the
project's provision of some 13,000 water meters would enhance water
conservation, reduce water supply costs, and obviate the need for
system expansion in the next five years. Finally, project
improvements in the ger areas will have accompanying environmental
- 6 -



benefits due to improved sanitation and solid waste collection
facilities.
21.     Environmental Aspects. The project's construction of a
hilltop reservoir providing water to neighboring ger area residents
earned it a Category B designation for purposes of Environmental
Assessment (EA). With support from technical assistance, MUB
prepared a satisfactory EA for the project that includes an
Environmental Management Plan to mitigate the negative impacts of
noise and dust during construction, soil erosion and silt runoff
(see Annex 1). The site geology has been investigated by borehole
drillings, the existing environment is already disturbed by
vehicles and foot traffic, and there will be insignificant impact
on fauna and flora. Project activities to reduce water wastage will
reduce wastewater flows, and thus improve the water quality
downstream in the receiving river. Reduction of solid waste and of
flooding and erosion would also result from the Ger Infrastructure
Improvement Program's inclusion of solid waste collection and
stormwater drainage.
22.     Resettlement. The project requires no land acquisition. MUB
already owns land for the project reservoirs, and the two main
transmission mains would be laid in existing streets. The pipelines
serving the ger areas and the infrastructure improvements in those
areas would similarly entail no disruption to the local inhabitants
since the ger areas are very well laid out, with major access ways
that will easily accommodate the water pipes, additional water
kiosks, and other small infrastructure to be provided under the
project. No resettlement or disruption to current economic
activities is therefore expected as a result of the project.
23.     Project Benefits. The proposed project, with its focus on ger
area upgrading, will begin to address current inequities in the
provision of urban services to the ger areas, in addition to
providing ger area residents with a water supply adequate for
health and hygiene. About 70 percent or 169,000 of ger residents in
the 12 areas to receive a piped water supply will benefit from the
project, allowing them to double their water consumption, at a much
lower cost than before. About 75,000 of these beneficiaries will
also receive infrastructure upgrading in five ger areas. Project
investments in water supply for the already served area will
improve service systemwide. The proposed operation would introduce
market-oriented provision and management of urban services by
providing an adequate cost recovery mechanism combined with
financial incentives for water conservation and operational
efficiency. Furthermore, an institutional development and reform
action plan will reshape Ulaanbaatar's water supply and sanitation
utility to function in a market economy in a financially and
environmentally equitable and sustainable manner. Economic analysis
of the proposed water supply investments for the existing system
and the ger areas indicates an economic internal rate of return
(EIRR) of 16 percent. While analysis of the ger area infrastructure
upgrading is not quantifiable since only the first year's program
has been identified, a preliminary analysis of potential benefits
indicates a return as high as 25 percent. Unquantifiable benefits
-7 -



related to improved health and hygiene conditions for ger residents
as well as the institutional and financial development expected
from the USAG Action Plan further support the project's
justification.
Contact Point:           Public Information Center
The World Bank
1818 H Street N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone No.:   (202) 458-5454
Fax No.:   (202) 522-1500
Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain
components may not necessarily be included in the final project.
Processed by the Public Information Center week ending April 25, 1997.
- 8 -



Annex
Ulaanbaatar Services Improvement Project
The Environmental Assessment Report for this Project is available
at the Bank's Public Information Center in Washington.
-9-



