Page  1
                                                CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3262 MOR
                            as Amended
              (Second Rural Electrification Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                  NATIONAL ELECTRICITY AUTHORITY
                      Dated November 11, 1992
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3262 MOR
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
                            as Amended
      AGREEMENT, dated November 11, 1992, between INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and NATIONAL
ELECTRICITY AUTHORITY (ONE).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Kingdom of Morocco (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank has
agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to one hundred fourteen million dollars
($114,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that ONE agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and ONE (the ONE Subsidiary Loan Agreement), a
portion of the proceeds of the loan provided for under the Loan
Agreement will be relent to ONE on the terms and conditions set
forth in said ONE Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS ONE, in consideration of the Bank's entering into the
Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the Preamble to this
Agreement and the General Conditions (as so defined) have the
respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) ONE declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering, electric power and public
utility practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required therefor.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section, ONE shall carry out a Development Project only on
the basis of implementation arrangements satisfactory to the Bank,
concluded with the Participating Municipality on behalf of which ONE
is to carry out said Development Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of the Schedule to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.03. ONE shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project.
      Section 2.04. ONE shall duly perform all its obligations under
the ONE Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree, ONE shall not take or concur in any action which
would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving
the ONE Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) ONE shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to the progress of the
Project, the performance of its obligations under this Agreement and
under the ONE Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters relating
to the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   ONE shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of the
Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Loan, or the
performance by ONE of its obligations under this Agreement and under
the ONE Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                 Management and Operations of ONE
      Section 3.01. ONE shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial,
electric power and public utility practices under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. ONE shall at all times operate and maintain its
plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
Page  3
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial,
electric power and public utility practices.
      Section 3.03. ONE shall:
      (a)   carry out a study, under terms of reference satisfactory
to the Bank, to identify, evaluate and recommend suitable measures
to ensure that ONE is adequately insured against such risks and in
such amounts as shall be consistent with appropriate practices;
      (b)   complete said study and furnish to the Bank not later
than June 30, 1993, a copy of said study; and
      (c)   afford the Bank a reasonable opportunity to exchange
views with ONE on said study, and thereafter, but in any event not
later than December 31, 1993, implement such recommendations based
on said study as shall be acceptable to the Bank.
      Section 3.04. ONE shall:
      (a)   prepare and furnish to the Bank not later than October
31 in each of its fiscal years its proposed multi-year investment
program together with a proposed plan for the financing of said
investment program, as they shall have been approved by the
Borrower; and
      (b)   afford the Bank a reasonable opportunity to exchange
views with ONE on said investment program and financial plan, and
thereafter carry out said investment program, with due diligence and
efficiency, taking into account the Bank's comments on said program
and related financing plan.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) ONE shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   ONE shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                  and expenses and related statements) for each
                  fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Bank;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than seven (7) months after
                  the end of each such year: (A) certified copies
                  of its financial statements for such year as so
                  audited; and (B) the report of such audit by said
                  auditors of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
ONE shall produce, for each of its fiscal years, funds from internal
sources equivalent to not less than 30% of the annual average of
ONE's capital expenditures related to electric power operations
incurred, or expected to be incurred, for that year, the previous
fiscal year and the next following fiscal year.
      (b)   Before October 31 in each of its fiscal years, ONE
Page  4
shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by ONE and satisfactory to
the Bank, review whether it would meet the requirements set forth in
paragraph (a) of this Section in respect of such year and the next
following fiscal year and shall furnish to the Bank a copy of such
review upon its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that ONE would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) of this Section for ONE's
fiscal years covered by such review, ONE shall promptly take all
necessary measures (including, without limitation, adjustments of
the structure or levels of its rates) in order to meet such
requirements.
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "funds from internal sources" means the
                  difference between:
                  (A)   The sum of revenues from all sources
                        related to operations, consumer deposits
                        and consumer contributions in aid of
                        construction, net non-operating income and
                        any reduction in working capital other than
                        cash operating revenues; and
                  (B)   the sum of all expenses related to
                        operations, including administration,
                        adequate maintenance and taxes and payments
                        in lieu of taxes (excluding provision for
                        depreciation and other non-cash operating
                        charges), debt service requirements, all
                        cash dividends and other cash distributions
                        of surplus, increase in working capital
                        other than cash and other cash outflows
                        other than capital expenditures.
           (ii)   the term "net non-operating income" means the
                  difference between:
                  (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                        related to operations; and
                  (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                        lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                        of revenues in (A) above.
          (iii)   The term "working capital other than cash" means
                  the difference between current assets excluding
                  cash and current liabilities at the end of each
                  fiscal year.
           (iv)   The term "current assets excluding cash" means
                  all assets other than cash which could in the
                  ordinary course of business be converted into
                  cash within twelve months, including accounts
                  receivable, marketable securities, inventories
                  and prepaid expenses properly chargeable to
                  operating expenses within the next fiscal year.
            (v)   The term "current liabilities" means all
                  liabilities which will become due and payable or
                  could under circumstances then existing be called
                  for payment within twelve months, including
                  accounts payable, customer advances, debt service
                  requirements, taxes and payments in lieu of
                  taxes, and dividends.
           (vi)   The term "debt service requirements" means the
                  aggregate amount of repayments (including sinking
                  fund payments, if any) of, and interest and other
                  charges on, debt.
Page  5
          (vii)   The term "capital expenditures" means all
                  expenditures on account of fixed assets,
                  including interest charged to construction,
                  related to operations.
         (viii)   Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                  shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                  currency of the Borrower, debt payable in another
                  currency, such valuation shall be made on the
                  basis of the prevailing lawful rate of exchange
                  at which such other currency is, at the time of
                  such valuation, obtainable for the purposes of
                  servicing such debt, or, in the absence of such
                  rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange
                  acceptable to the Bank.
      Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
ONE shall not incur any debt unless a reasonable forecast of the
revenues and expenditures of ONE shows that the estimated net
revenues of ONE for each fiscal year during the term of the debt to
be incurred shall be at least 1.5 times the estimated debt service
requirements of ONE in such year on all debt of ONE including the
debt to be incurred.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "debt" means any indebtedness of ONE
                  maturing by its terms more than one year after
                  the date on which it is originally incurred.
           (ii)   Debt shall be deemed to be incurred:
                  (A)   under a loan contract or agreement or other
                        instrument providing for such debt or for
                        the modification of its terms of payment on
                        the date of such contract, agreement or
                        instrument; and
                  (B)   under a guarantee agreement, on the date
                        the agreement providing for such guarantee
                        has been entered into.
          (iii)   The term "net revenues" means the difference
                  between:
                  (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources
                        related to operations and net non-operating
                        income; and
                  (B)   the sum of all expenses related to
                        operations including administration,
                        adequate maintenance, taxes and payments in
                        lieu of taxes, but excluding provision for
                        depreciation, other non-cash operating
                        charges and interest and other charges on
                        debt.
           (iv)   The term "net non-operating income" means the
                  difference between:
                  (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                        related to operations; and
                  (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                        lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                        of revenues in (A) above.
            (v)   The term "debt service requirements" means the
                  aggregate amount of repayments (including sinking
                  fund payments, if any) of, and interest and other
                  charges on, debt.
Page  6
           (vi)   The term "reasonable forecast" means a forecast
                  prepared by ONE not earlier than three (3) months
                  prior to the incurrence of the debt in question,
                  which both the Bank and ONE accept as reasonable
                  and as to which the Bank has notified ONE of its
                  acceptability, provided that no event has
                  occurred since such notification which has, or
                  may reasonably be expected in the future to have,
                  a material adverse effect on the financial
                  condition or future operating results of ONE.
          (vii)   Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                  shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                  currency of the Borrower, debt payable in another
                  currency, such valuation shall be made on the
                  basis of the prevailing lawful rate of exchange
                  at which such other currency is, at the time of
                  such valuation, obtainable for the purposes of
                  servicing such debt, or, in the absence of such
                  rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange
                  acceptable to the Bank.
      Section 4.04. The provisions of Sections 4.02 and 4.04 of the
ONE Project Agreement dated June 21, 1989 between the Bank and ONE
for a Power Distribution Project (Loan No. 2910 MOR) are hereby
amended to read as set forth in Sections 4.02 and 4.03 of this
Agreement, respectively.
      Section 4.05. (a) ONE shall promptly bill the Borrower's
public agencies so as to enable said agencies to fulfill the
obligations set forth in Part B. 1 (b) of Schedule 5 to the Loan
Agreement in accordance with the provisions of said Part B.
      (b)   For purposes of this Section, the term "public agencies"
means the Borrower's ministries, departments and political or
administrative subdivisions.
      Section 4.06. In accordance with its policy to recover the
capital costs of the connection works for low-voltage consumers to
be carried out under the Project from the consumers benefitting from
said works, and taking into account the need to provide incentives
to encourage the efficient use of electricity by said consumers and
to relate the fees levied on such consumers to their ability to pay,
ONE shall, promptly upon the completion of the connection works for
each village under Part A (2) of the Project, and in order to
recover said connection costs in full, impose and collect from the
consumers benefitting from said works a monthly connection fee equal
to at least 1.5% of the cost of said connection.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of ONE thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the Loan
Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the Bank
shall promptly notify ONE thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
Page  7
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C.  20433
            United States of America
            Cable Address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA),
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC),
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      For ONE:
            Office National de l'Electricite
            65 rue Aspirant Lafuente
            Casablanca
            Kingdom of Morocco
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  OFELEC                    22780 M
                                            22603 M
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of ONE may be taken or executed by ONE's Chief
Executive Officer or such other person or persons as said Chief
Executive Officer shall designate in writing, and ONE shall furnish
to the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names, as of the day and year first above
written.
                        INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                          RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                        By            /s/ Pieter P. Bottelier
                                         Authorized Representative
                                      Middle East and North Africa
                        NATIONAL ELECTRICITY AUTHORITY
                        By               /s/ Mohamed Belkhayat
                                         Authorized Representative
Page  8
                             SCHEDULE
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
      Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in the Kingdom of
Morocco may be granted a margin of preference in accordance with,
and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the
Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Installation and erection works and consumer connection works
estimated to cost the equivalent of $500,000 or less per contract,
up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent of
$20,000,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
2.    Training materials may be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of comparison of price quotations obtained from at least
three suppliers from at least three different countries eligible
under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to
the Bank.
Part D:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $500,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contracts are to be made out of the
respective Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to
ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be
furnished to the Bank prior to the making of the first payment out
of the respective Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contracts are to be made out of the respective Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies
of the contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 6 to the Loan Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding sub-paragraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the Loan
Account are to be made on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
Page  9
      In order to assist ONE in (A) the preparation of engineering
designs for Part A of the Project and (B) the carrying out of the
programs referred to in Parts B (1) and B (2) of the Project, ONE
shall employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms
and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank. Such
consultants shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World
Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981. c
