Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3262 MOR
              (Second Rural Electrification Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                  NATIONAL ELECTRICITY AUTHORITY
                        Dated June 14, 1991
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3262 MOR
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 14, 1991, between INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and NATIONAL ELECTRICITY
AUTHORITY (ONE).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Kingdom of Morocco (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank has
agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to one hundred fourteen million dollars
($114,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that ONE agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary financing agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and ONE, part of the proceeds of the loan
provided for under the Loan Agreement and amounting to a total
equivalent to seventeen million five hundred thousand dollars
($17,500,000) will be made available to ONE on the terms and
conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Financing Agreement; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS ONE, in consideration of the Bank's entering into the
Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. ONE declares its commitment to the objectives of
the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, and,
to this end, shall carry out the Project with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate administrative,
financial, engineering, electric power and public utility practices,
and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for the
Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. ONE shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land acquisi-
tion, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement.
      Section 2.04. ONE shall duly perform all its obligations under
the Subsidiary Financing Agreement. Except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree, ONE shall not take or concur in any action which
would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving
the Subsidiary Financing Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) ONE shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to progress of the Project,
the performance of its obligations under this Agreement and under
the Subsidiary Financing Agreement, and other matters relating to
the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   ONE shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of the
Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Loan, or the
performance by ONE of its obligations under this Agreement and under
the Subsidiary Financing Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                 Management and Operations of ONE
      Section 3.01. ONE shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial,
electric power and public utility practices under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. ONE shall at all times operate and maintain its
plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial,
Page  3
electric power and public utility practices.
      Section 3.03. ONE shall:
      (a)   carry out a study, under terms of reference satisfactory
to the Bank, to identify, evaluate and recommend suitable measures
to ensure that ONE is adequately insured against such risks and in
such amounts as shall be consistent with appropriate practices;
      (b)   complete said study and furnish to the Bank not later
than June 30, 1992, a copy of said study; and
      (c)   afford the Bank a reasonable opportunity to exchange
views with ONE on said study, and thereafter, but in any event not
later than December 31, 1992, implement such recommendations based
on said study as shall be acceptable to the Bank.
      Section 3.04. ONE shall:
      (a)   prepare and furnish to the Bank not later than
October 31 in each of its fiscal years its proposed multi-year
investment program together with a proposed plan for the financing
of said investment program, as they shall have been approved by the
Borrower; and
      (b)   afford the Bank a reasonable opportunity to exchange
views with ONE on said investment program and financial plan, and
thereafter carry out said investment program, with due diligence and
efficiency, taking into account the Bank's comments on said program
and related financing plan.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) ONE shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   ONE shall:
            (i)    have its records, accounts and financial state-
                   ments (balance sheets, statements of income and
                   expenses and related statements) for each fiscal
                   year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                   auditing principles consistently applied, by
                   independent auditors acceptable to the Bank;
           (ii)    furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than seven (7) months after
                   the end of each such year: (A) certified copies
                   of its financial statements for such year as so
                   audited; and (B) the report of such audit by
                   said auditors of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records, accounts and financial
                   statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                   Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
ONE shall produce funds from internal sources related to electric
power operations equivalent to not less than 25%, for its fiscal
year 1990, and not less than 30%, for each of its fiscal years
thereafter, of the annual average of ONE's capital expenditures
related to electric power operations incurred, or expected to be
incurred, for that year, the previous fiscal year and the next
following fiscal year.
      (b)   Before October 31 in each of its fiscal years, ONE
shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by ONE and satisfactory to
Page  4
the Bank, review whether it would meet the requirements set forth in
paragraph (a) of this Section in respect of such year and the next
following fiscal year and shall furnish to the Bank a copy of such
review upon its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that ONE would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) of this Section for ONE's
fiscal years covered by such review, ONE shall promptly take all
necessary measures (including, without limitation, adjustments of
the structure or levels of its rates) in order to meet such
requirements.
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    The term "funds from internal sources" means the
                   difference between:
                   (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources
                         related to operations, consumer deposits
                         and consumer contributions in aid of
                         construction, net non-operating income and
                         any reduction in working capital other
                         than cash operating revenues; and
                   (B)   the sum of all expenses related to opera-
                         tions, including administration, adequate
                         maintenance and taxes and payments in lieu
                         of taxes (excluding provision for depreci-
                         ation and other non-cash operating charg-
                         es), debt service requirements, all cash
                         dividends and other cash contributions of
                         surplus, increase in working capital other
                         than cash and other cash outflows other
                         than capital expenditures.
           (ii)    The term "net non-operating income" means the
                   difference between:
                   (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                         related to operations; and
                   (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                         lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                         of revenues in (A) above.
          (iii)    The term "working capital other than cash" means
                   the difference between current assets excluding
                   cash and current liabilities at the end of each
                   fiscal year.
           (iv)    The term "current assets excluding cash" means
                   all assets other than cash which could in the
                   ordinary course of business be converted into
                   cash within twelve months, including accounts
                   receivable, marketable securities, inventories
                   and pre-paid expenses properly chargeable to
                   operating expenses within the next fiscal year.
            (v)    The term "current liabilities" means all liabil-
                   ities which will become due and payable or could
                   under circumstances then existing be called for
                   payment within twelve months, including accounts
                   payable, customer advances, debt service re-
                   quirements, taxes and payments in lieu of taxes,
                   and dividends.
           (vi)    The term "debt service requirements" means the
                   aggregate amount of repayments (including sink-
                   ing fund payments, if any) of, and interest and
                   other charges on, debt.
          (vii)    The term "capital expenditures" means all expen-
Page  5
                   ditures incurred on account of fixed assets,
                   including interest charged to construction,
                   related to operations.
         (viii)    Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                   shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                   currency of the Borrower, debt payable in anoth-
                   er currency, such valuation shall be made on the
                   basis of the prevailing lawful rate of exchange
                   at which such other currency is, at the time of
                   such valuation, obtainable for the purposes of
                   servicing such debt, or, in the absence of such
                   rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange accept-
                   able to the Bank.
      Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
ONE shall not incur any debt unless a reasonable forecast of the
revenues and expenditures of ONE shows that the estimated net
revenues of ONE for each fiscal year during the term of the debt to
be incurred shall be at least 1.5 times the estimated debt service
requirements of ONE in such year on all debt of ONE including the
debt to be incurred.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    The term "debt" means any indebtedness of ONE
                   maturing by its terms more than one year after
                   the date on which it is originally incurred.
           (ii)    Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under a
                   loan contract or agreement or other instrument
                   providing for such debt or for the modification
                   of its terms of payment on the date of such
                   contract, agreement or instrument; and (B) under
                   a guarantee agreement, on the date the agreement
                   providing for such guarantee has been entered
                   into.
          (iii)    The term "net revenues" means the difference
                   between:
                   (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources
                         related to operations and net non-
                         operating income; and
                   (B)   the sum of all expenses related to opera-
                         tions including administration, adequate
                         maintenance, taxes and payments in lieu of
                         taxes, but excluding provision for depre-
                         ciation, other non-cash operating charges
                         and interest and other charges on debt.
           (iv)    The term "net non-operating income" means the
                   difference between:
                   (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                         related to operations;
                   (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                         lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                         of revenues in (A) above.
            (v)    The term "debt service requirements" means the
                   aggregate of repayments (including sinking fund
                   payments, if any) of, and interest and other
                   charges on, debt.
           (vi)    The term "reasonable forecast" means a forecast
                   prepared by ONE not earlier than three months
                   prior to the incurrence of the debt in question,
                   which both the Bank and ONE accept as reasonable
                   and as to which the Bank has notified ONE of its
Page  6
                   acceptability, provided that no event has oc-
                   curred since such notification which has, or may
                   reasonably be expected in the future to have, a
                   material adverse effect on the financial condi-
                   tion or future operating results of ONE.
          (vii)    Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                   shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                   currency of the Borrower, debt payable in anoth-
                   er currency, such valuation shall be made on the
                   basis of the prevailing lawful rate of exchange
                   at which such other currency is, at the time of
                   such valuation, obtainable for the purposes of
                   servicing such debt, or, in the absence of such
                   rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange accept-
                   able to the Bank.
      Section 4.04. The provisions of Sections 4.02 and 4.04 of the
ONE Project Agreement dated June 21, 1989 between the Bank and ONE
for a Power Distribution Project (Loan No. 2910 MOR) are hereby
amended to read as set forth in Sections 4.02 and 4.03 of this
Agreement, respectively.
      Section 4.05. (a) ONE shall promptly bill the Borrower's
public agencies so as to enable said agencies to fulfill the
obligations set forth in Part B.1 (b) of Schedule 5 to the Loan
Agreement in accordance with the provisions of said Part B.
      (b)   For purposes of this Section, the term "public agencies"
means the Borrower's ministries, departments and political or
administrative subdivisions.
      Section 4.06. In accordance with its policy to recover the
capital costs of the connection works for low-voltage consumers to
be carried out under the Project from the consumers benefitting from
said works, and taking into account the need to provide incentives
to encourage the efficient use of electricity by said consumers and
to relate the fees levied on such consumers to their ability to pay,
ONE shall promptly upon the completion of the connection works for
each village under Part A of the Project, and in order to recover
said connection costs in full, impose and collect from the consumers
benefitting from said works a monthly connection fee equal to at
least 1.5% of the cost of said connection.
                            ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of ONE thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the Loan
Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the Bank
shall promptly notify ONE thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
Page  7
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 197688 (TRT),
                   Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      For ONE:
            Office National de l'Electricite
            65, rue Aspirant Lafuente
            Casablanca
            Kingdom of Morocco
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   OFELEC                    22780 M
                                             22603 M
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of ONE, or by ONE on behalf of the Borrower
under the Loan Agreement, may be taken or executed by the Chief
Executive Officer of ONE or such other person or persons as such
Chief Executive Officer shall designate in writing, and ONE shall
furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ Kemal Dervis
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                              Europe, Middle East and North Africa
                         NATIONAL ELECTRICITY AUTHORITY
                         By /s/ S.E. Mohammed Belkhayat Zougari
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
Page  8
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
      Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in the Kingdom of
Morocco may be granted a margin of preference in accordance with,
and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the
Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Installation and erection works and consumer connection works
estimated to cost the equivalent of $500,000 or less per contract,
up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent of
$20,000,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
2.    Training materials may be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of comparison of price quotations obtained from at least
three suppliers from at least three different countries eligible
under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to
the Bank.
Part D:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $500,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Bank
prior to the making of the first payment out of the Special Account
in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 6 to the Loan Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding sub-paragraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Bank has authorized
withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditures.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II: Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist ONE in (A) the preparation of engineering
designs for Part A of the Project and (B) the carrying out of the
programs referred to in Parts B (1) and B (2) of the Project, ONE
Page  9
shall employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms
and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank. Such
consultants shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by The World
Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
