Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3390 EC
                    (Rural Development Project)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF ECUADOR
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                       Dated August 8, 1991
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3390 EC
                          LOAN AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated August 8, 1991, between REPUBLIC OF ECUADOR
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Bank to assist in the financing of
the Project;
      WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter alia, of the
foregoing, to extend the Loan to the Borrower upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
Page  2
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth below (the General Conditions) constitute an
integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)   The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted; and
      (b)   In Section 6.02, subparagraph (k) is relettered as
subparagraph (l) and a new subparagraph (k) is added to read:
            "(k) An extraordinary situation shall have arisen under
      which any further withdrawals under the Loan would be incon-
      sistent with the provisions of Article III, Section 3 of the
      Bank's Articles of Agreement."
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional terms have
the following meanings:
      (a)   "BNF" means the Borrower's Banco Nacional de Fomento
(National Development Bank);
      (b)   "BNF Agreement" means the agreement between the Borrower
and BNF for purposes of carrying out Part D of the Project, referred
to in Sections 3.10, 3.20 and 3.21 of this Agreement;
      (c)   "CAAP" means the private organization Centro Andino de
Accion Popular (Andean Popular Action Center);
      (d)   "CAAP Agreement" means the agreement between MBS (as
hereinafter defined) and CAAP for purposes of carrying out a portion
of Part A.4 of the Project, referred to in Sections 3.05, 3.20 and
3.21 of this Agreement;
      (e)   "DEATT" means the Division de Extension Agropecuaria y
Transferencia de Tecnologia (Agricultural and Livestock Extension
and Technology Transfer Division) within MAG (as hereinafter
defined);
      (f)   "DINAMA" means the Direccion Nacional del Medio Ambiente
(National Environment Directorate) within the Borrower's Ministerio
de Minas y Energia (Ministry of Mines and Energy);
      (g)   "Executing Agencies" means IERAC, INIAP, INERHI (as
hereinafter defined) and BNF;
      (h)   "FBU" means the private organization Fundacion Brethren
y Unida (Brethren and United Foundation);
      (i)   "FBU Agreement" means the agreement between MBS (as
hereinafter defined) and FBU for purposes of carrying out a portion
of Part A.4 of the Project, referred to in Sections 3.05, 3.20 and
3.21 of this Agreement;
      (j)   "FODECO" means the Fondo de Desarrollo Comunitario
(Community Development Fund) under Part F of the Project;
      (k)   "FODECO Regulations" means the regulations governing
FODECO, issued by the MBS Minister through Ministerial Agreement
(Acuerdo Ministerial) number 1053, dated May 30, 1991;
      (l)   "FONADRI" means the Fondo Nacional de Desarrollo Rural
Integral (National Integrated Rural Development Fund) administered
by MBS (as hereinafter defined);
      (m)   "HIMAT" means the Instituto Colombiano de Hidrologia,
Meteorologia y Adecuacion de Tierras (Colombian Institute of
Hydrology, Meteorology and Land Improvement);
      (n)   "IERAC" means the Borrower's Instituto Ecuatoriano de
Page  3
Reforma Agraria y Colonizacion (Ecuadoran Institute of Land Reform
and Settlement);
      (o)   "IERAC Agreement" means the agreement between IERAC and
MBS (as hereinafter defined) for purposes of carrying out Part I of
the Project, referred to in Sections 3.20 and 3.21 of this Agree-
ment;
      (p)   "IICA" means the Organization of American States'
Instituto Inter-Americano de Cooperacion para la Agricultura (Inter-
American Institute of Cooperation for Agriculture);
      (q)   "INERHI" means the Borrower's Instituto Ecuatoriano de
Recursos Hidraulicos (Ecuadoran Institute of Water Resources);
      (r)   "INERHI Agreement" means the agreement between INERHI
and MBS (as hereinafter defined) with regard to Part A of the
Project, referred to in Sections 3.04, 3.05 (a), 3.20 and 3.21 of
this Agreement;
      (s)   "INIAP" means the Borrower's Instituto Nacional de
Investigaciones Agropecuarias (National Institute of Agricultural
and Livestock Research);
      (t)   "INIAP Agreement" means the agreement between INIAP and
MBS (as hereinafter defined) for purposes of carrying out a portion
of Part B of the Project, referred to in Sections 3.07, 3.20 and
3.21 of this Agreement;
      (u)   "Interest Rate Letter" means the letter dated Decem-
ber 13, 1989 from the Borrower's Junta Monetaria (Monetary Board) to
the Bank, which letter discusses the Borrower's interest rate
policies and rules;
      (v)   "Irrigation Training Group" means the group within SSDR
(as hereinafter defined) referred to in Section 3.15 of this
Agreement;
      (w)   "JRH" means Junta de Recursos Hidraulicos de Jipijapa y
Pajan (Water Resources Council of Ecuador's Jipijapa and Pajan
cantons);
      (x)   "JRH Agreement" means the agreement between JRH and MBS
(as hereinafter defined) for purposes of carrying out a portion of
Part H of the Project, referred to in Section 3.14 of this Agree-
ment;
      (y)   "MAG" means the Borrower's Ministerio de Agricultura y
Ganaderia (Ministry of Agriculture and Livestock);
      (z)   "MBS" means the Borrower's Ministerio de Bienestar
Social (Ministry of Social Welfare);
      (aa)  "MINFIN" means the Borrower's Ministerio de Finanzas y
Credito Publico (Ministry of Finance and Public Credit);
      (bb)  "Monumento Natural El Angel Area" means the area in the
Andes range in the Ecuadoran province of Carchi, located between
2400 and 4000 meters above sea level, and bound by straight lines
forming a quadrilateral with corners located approximately at the
following coordinates: 0a40' and 0a48' north latitude and 77a51' and
78a8' east longitude;
      (cc)  "NGOs" means private non-governmental organizations such
as farmers' associations, civic foundations and environmental
protection interest groups;
      (dd)  "PAC" means Promotor Agropecuario Comunitario (Community
Agricultural and Livestock Promoter), the title of an individual who
carries out agricultural and livestock technology promotion under
Part B.4 of the Project;
Page  4
      (ee)  "PCC" means Promotor Comunitario en Comercializacion
(Community Marketing Promoter), the title of an individual who
carries out processing and marketing promotion under Part E.5 of the
Project;
      (ff)  "PIP Unit" means a Programa de Investigacion en
Produccion (Applied Production Research Program) unit established to
carry out a portion of Part B of the Project;
      (gg)  "Project Areas" means the following twelve areas: (i)
Espejo-Mira (covering the parishes of El Angel, Goaltal, La Libertad
and San Isidro in the Espejo canton of Carchi province and the
parishes of Mira, La Concepcion, Jijon y Caamano and Juan Montalvo
in the Mira canton of Carchi province); (ii) Sierra Norte de
Pichincha (covering the parishes of Ayora, Juan Montalvo, Cayambe,
Ascazubi, Cangahua, Olmedo, Oton and Santa Rosa de Cusubamba in the
Cayambe canton of Pichincha province and the parishes of Tabacundo,
La Esperanza, Malchingui, Tocachi and Tupigachi in the Pedro Moncayo
canton of Pichincha province); (iii) Tanicuchi-Toacaso-Pastocalle
(covering the parishes of San Juan de Pastocalle, Tanicuchi, Toacaso
and Guaytacama in the Latacunga canton of Cotopaxi province and the
parishes of Saquisili and Canchagua in the Saquisili canton of
Cotopaxi province); (iv) Guano (covering the parishes of Guanando,
Ilapo, San Andres, San Isidro de Patulu, San Jose del Chazo, Santa
Fe de Galan, Valparaiso, La Providencia and San Gerardo de
Pacaicaguan in the Guano canton of Chimborazo province); (v) Pangua
(covering the parishes of El Corazon, Moraspungo, Pinllopata and
Ramon Campana in the Pangua canton of Cotopaxi province); (vi)
Facundo Vela (covering the parishes of Facundo Vela and Las Naves in
the Guaranda canton of Bolivar province); (vii) Santa Isabel
(covering the parishes of Santa Isabel, Abdon Calderon and Shagli in
the Santa Isabel canton of Azuay province and the parish of Pucara
in the Pucara canton of Azuay province); (viii) Tres Postes
(covering the parish of Yaguachi Nuevo in the Yaguachi canton of
Guayas province, the parish of Alfredo Baquerizo Moreno (Jujan) in
the Alfredo Baquerizo Moreno canton of Guayas province and the
parish of Samborondon in the Samborondon canton of Guayas province);
(ix) Playas de Higueron (covering the parish of Antonio Sotomayor in
the Vinces canton of Los Rios province and the parishes of Baba and
Guare in the Baba canton of Los Rios province); (x) Daule (covering
the parishes of Daule, Juan Bautista Aguirre and Enrique Baquerizo
Moreno in the Daule canton of Guayas province); (xi) Jipijapa
(covering the parishes of Jipijapa, America, El Anegado, Julcuy,
Pedro Pablo Gomez, Puerto Cayo, Puerto Lopez, La Union and Membrill-
al in the Jipijapa canton of Manabi province); and (xii) Pajan
(covering the parishes of Pajan, Camposano, Cascol, Guale and
Lascano in the Pajan canton of Manabi province);
      (hh)  "Project Training Coordination Unit" means the
Departamento de Capacitacion y Asistencia Administrativa (Training
and Administrative Assistance Department) within SSDR (as herein-
after defined) which shall carry out a portion of Part J of the
Project;
      (ii)  "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (jj)  "SSDR" means the Subsecretaria de Desarrollo Rural
(Rural Development Undersecretariat) within MBS;
      (kk)  "UCA" means an Unidad Coordinadora de Area of SSDR (Area
Coordinating Unit for each of the Project Areas);
      (ll)  "UMA" means the Unidad del Medio Ambiente (Environmental
Unit) to be operational within SSDR pursuant to Part L.1 of the
Project;
      (mm)  "UTR" means an Unidad Tecnica Regional of SSDR (Regional
Technical Unit, one for the Project Areas of Espejo-Mira, Sierra
Norte de Pichincha, Tanicuchi-Toacaso-Pastocalle and Guano, a second
for the Project Areas of Pangua, Facundo Vela and Santa Isabel, a
third for the Project Areas of Tres Postes, Playas de Higueron and
Page  5
Daule and a fourth for the Project Areas of Jipijapa and Pajan); and
      (nn)  "Water Users Association" means a Comision de Riego y
Drenaje (Irrigation and Drainage Commission) governed by Title IV of
the Borrower's Reglamento de la Ley de Aguas (Regulations of the
Water Law).
                            ARTICLE II
                             The Loan
      Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the Borrower, on the
terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the Loan Agreement,
various currencies that shall have an aggregate value equivalent to
the amount of eighty-four million dollars ($84,000,000), being the
sum of withdrawals of the proceeds of the Loan, with each withdrawal
valued by the Bank as of the date of such withdrawal.
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Loan may be withdrawn from
the Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the Bank shall so
agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and
services required for the Project described in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in Banco
Central de Ecuador on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Bank.
Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account shall be
made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 5 to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 2000 or such
later date as the Bank shall establish. The Bank shall promptly
notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a commitment
charge at the rate of three-fourths of one per cent (3/4 of 1%) per
annum on the principal amount of the Loan not withdrawn from time to
time.
      Section 2.05. (a) The Borrower shall pay interest on the
principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time to
time, at a rate for each Interest Period equal to the Cost of
Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of the preceding
Semester, plus one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%). On each of the
dates specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower
shall pay interest accrued on the principal amount outstanding
during the preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rate
applicable during such Interest Period.
      (b)   As soon as practicable after the end of each Semester,
the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost of Qualified
Borrowings determined in respect of such Semester.
      (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    "Interest Period" means a six-month period
                   ending on the date immediately preceding each
                   date specified in Section 2.06 of this Agree-
                   ment, beginning with the Interest Period in
                   which this Agreement is signed.
            (ii)   "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the cost,
                   as reasonably determined by the Bank and ex-
                   pressed as a percentage per annum, of the out-
                   standing borrowings of the Bank drawn down after
                   June 30, 1982, excluding such borrowings or
                   portions thereof as the Bank has allocated to
                   fund: (A) the Bank's investments; and (B) loans
                   which may be made by the Bank after July 1, 1989
                   bearing interest rates determined otherwise than
Page  6
                   as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section.
            (iii)  "Semester" means the first six months or the
                   second six months of a calendar year.
      (d)   On such date as the Bank may specify by no less than six
months' notice to the Borrower, paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) (iii) of
this Section shall be amended to read as follows:
                   "(a)  The Borrower shall pay interest on the
            principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding
            from time to time, at a rate for each Quarter equal to
            the Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect
            of the preceding Quarter, plus one-half of one percent
            (1/2 of 1%). On each of the dates specified in Sec-
            tion 2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall pay
            interest accrued on the principal amount outstanding
            during the preceding Interest Period, calculated at the
            rates applicable during such Interest Period."
                   "(b)  As soon as practicable after the end of
            each Quarter, the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the
            Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of
            such Quarter."
                   "(c) (iii) `Quarter' means a three-month period
            commencing on January 1, April 1, July 1 or October 1 in
            a calendar year."
      Section 2.06. Interest and other charges shall be payable
semiannually on June 15 and December 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Loan in accordance with the amortization schedule set forth in
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.08. The Minister of Social Welfare of the Borrower
is designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
taking any action required or permitted to be taken under the
provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Article V of the
General Conditions.
                          ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end:
      (a)   shall carry out Parts A.1, A.2, A.3, C, E, F, G, H, J,
K and L of the Project through the SSDR of MBS, and Part B.4 of the
Project through the DEATT of MAG, with due diligence and efficiency
and in conformity with appropriate administrative, financial,
engineering and environmental practices, and shall provide, promptly
as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources
required for such Parts of the Project;
      (b)   shall cause INERHI to carry out Part A.4 of the Project
(except with regard to the Cangahua and Tabacundo irrigation
schemes), FBU to carry out Part A.4 of the Project (with regard to
the Tabacundo irrigation scheme), CAAP to carry out Part A.4 of the
Project (with regard to the Cangahua irrigation scheme), INIAP to
carry out Parts B.1, B.2 and B.3 of the Project, BNF to carry out
Part D of the Project and IERAC to carry out Part I of the Project,
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with, as
applicable, appropriate administrative, financial, engineering and
environmental practices, shall take or cause to be taken all action,
including the provision of funds, facilities, services and other
resources, necessary or appropriate to enable the Executing
Agencies, FBU and CAAP to carry out their respective Parts of the
Project, and shall not take or permit to be taken any action which
Page  7
would prevent or interfere with the carrying out of their respective
Parts of the Project by the Executing Agencies, FBU and CAAP; and
      (c)   may, for purposes of carrying out Parts A.1, A.2, A.3,
C, G and H of the Project, provide goods, materials and equipment to
community groups which assist SSDR in the execution of such Parts
through the provision of labor.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Bank and the Borrower hereby agree that the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and
9.09 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods
and services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of their respective
Parts of the Project shall be carried out by the Executing Agencies,
FBU and CAAP.
      Section 3.04. With regard to Parts A.1, A.2 and A.3 of the
Project, MBS shall:
      (a)   with regard to those portions not involving assistance
by community groups through the provision of labor, include in the
INERHI Agreement a provision whereby INERHI shall assist SSDR in
preparing the technical aspects of bidding documents and in
supervising execution of the civil works;
      (b)   with regard to those portions involving assistance by
community groups through the provision of labor, hire consultants to
administer and supervise execution of the civil works; and
      (c)   begin construction of the main tunnel for the Cangahua
irrigation scheme by no later than August 1, 1993.
      Section 3.05. With regard to Part A.4 of the Project, MBS
shall:
      (a)   include in the INERHI Agreement provisions whereby: (i)
INERHI shall be responsible for the operation and maintenance of all
irrigation and flood control schemes (except for the Tabacundo and
Cangahua irrigation schemes); (ii) INERHI shall, beginning on
January 1, 1995, collect from the water users for each irrigation
and flood control scheme (except the Tabacundo and Cangahua
irrigation schemes) tariffs equal to the percentage of total actual
operation and maintenance costs set forth in Schedule 6 to this
Agreement; (iii) SSDR shall reimburse INERHI with Loan proceeds for
the remaining operation and maintenance costs only if INERHI
complies with its commitment pursuant to subparagraph (ii) above
(unless a justification or agreement satisfactory to the Bank is
reached during the meeting referred to in Section 3.06 of this
Agreement); and (iv) INERHI shall transfer responsibility for
operation and maintenance of an irrigation and flood control scheme
to the Water Users Association created for that scheme once the
tariffs collected for that scheme as set forth in subparagraph (ii)
above have reached an amount equal to the totality of operation and
maintenance costs for the year immediately preceding such transfer;
      (b)   include in the FBU and CAAP Agreements provisions
whereby: (i) FBU (in the case of the Tabacundo irrigation scheme)
and CAAP (in the case of the Cangahua irrigation scheme) shall be
responsible for the operation and maintenance of the cited schemes;
(ii) FBU and CAAP shall, beginning on January 1, 1995, ensure that
the water users (organized as Directorios de Aguas (Water Councils)
governed by Title III of the Borrower's Reglamento de la Ley de
Aguas (Regulations of the Water Law)) for the Tabacundo and Cangahua
irrigation schemes, respectively, collect tariffs equal to the
percentage of total actual operation and maintenance costs set forth
in Schedule 6 to this Agreement and apply them to the operation and
maintenance of such schemes as required by FBU or CAAP; (iii) SSDR
Page  8
shall provide FBU and CAAP with Loan proceeds to cover the remaining
operation and maintenance costs only if FBU and CAAP comply with
their commitments pursuant to subparagraph (ii) above (unless a
justification or agreement satisfactory to the Bank is reached
during the meeting referred to in Section 3.06 of this Agreement);
and (iv) FBU and CAAP shall transfer responsibility for operation
and maintenance of the Tabacundo and Cangahua irrigation schemes to
the Water Users Association created for the scheme in question once
the tariffs collected for that scheme as set forth in subparagraph
(ii) above have reached an amount equal to the totality of operation
and maintenance costs for the year immediately preceding such
transfer; and
      (c)   enter into the FBU and CAAP Agreements no later than
July 1, 1992.
      Section 3.06. If INERHI, FBU or CAAP have failed to comply
with the provisions referred to in Sections 3.05 (a) (ii) and 3.05
(b) (ii) of this Agreement with respect to any irrigation or flood
control scheme (the defaulting scheme), the Bank, SSDR and INERHI,
FBU or CAAP shall meet to exchange views on the reasons for such
failure and attempt to either arrive at a justification, satisfac-
tory to the Bank, for such failure or agree on the actions,
satisfactory to the Bank, to be taken by INERHI, FBU or CAAP to
comply with such provisions. Failure on the part of INERHI, FBU or
CAAP to comply with an agreement reached at such meeting shall
result in the denial of reimbursement under Sections 3.05 (a) (iii)
or 3.05 (b) (iii) of this Agreement for the defaulting scheme.
      Section 3.07. With regard to Parts B.1, B.2 and B.3 of the
Project, MBS shall include in the INIAP Agreement provisions whereby
INIAP would carry out said Parts of the Project (according to the
action plan presented to the Bank on June 5, 1991 in the case of
Part B.1 of the Project) in coordination with the UTRs and UCAs.
      Section 3.08. DEATT shall carry out Part B.4 of the Project
according to the action plan presented to the Bank on June 5, 1991
and in coordination with the UTRs and UCAs.
      Section 3.09. SSDR shall carry out Part C.1 of the Project
through four foresters operating out of the UTRs and one supervisor,
acting in coordination with the technology transfer promotion
activities undertaken by DEATT under Part B.4 of the Project. The
foresters shall identify the areas where forests will be established
and shall select the private reforestation companies, farm organiza-
tions or farmers that shall perform the necessary planting.
      Section 3.10. The BNF Agreement shall include provisions
whereby BNF shall carry out Part D of the Project by making
available to small farmers credit in an amount equivalent to
approximately $10,000,000 during the course of Project implementa-
tion. Such funds shall be provided to BNF through annual budgetary
allocations from MINFIN to FONADRI and then to BNF, according to
annual plans of action, satisfactory to the Bank, which shall be
finalized during the annual reviews referred to in Section 3.19 (b)
of this Agreement. No later than December 31, 1991, the Borrower
shall cause BNF to prepare and adopt credit regulations, satisfac-
tory to the Bank, for Part D of the Project. Such regulations shall
specify that interest rates charged to small farmers shall be those
determined by the Junta Monetaria (Monetary Board) as set forth in
the Interest Rate Letter. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
BNF shall not change or fail to enforce such regulations.
      Section 3.11. With regard to Parts E.1, E.2 and E.3 of the
Project, SSDR shall, once they are completed or established, lease
the post-harvest processing and marketing facilities, as well as the
experimental pilot enterprises, to local municipalities, farmer
organizations, cooperatives or NGOs which shall be responsible for
their operation. Such lease agreements shall: (i) be maintained as
part of the records of SSDR and made available for Bank inspection
in accordance with Section 9.07 of the General Conditions; and (ii)
include specific provisions to ensure adequate management and full
Page  9
recovery of operation and maintenance costs (as such costs are
defined in the second paragraph of Schedule 6 to this Agreement) by
the lessees.
      Section 3.12. SSDR shall carry out Part F of the Project
according to the action plan prepared pursuant to Section 7.01 (d)
of this Agreement and the FODECO Regulations. Except as the Bank
shall otherwise agree, SSDR shall not change or fail to enforce the
FODECO Regulations.
      Section 3.13. With regard to Part G of the Project, SSDR
shall:
      (a)   improve or construct only those roads, from among those
listed in Schedule 7 to this Agreement, which are jointly designated
by the Bank and SSDR; and
      (b)   after December 31, 1997, transfer to the provinces
referred to in Section 1.02 (gg) of this Agreement responsibility
for the maintenance of rural roads in the Project Areas. The
Borrower shall provide sufficient funds to said provinces to cover
required rural roads maintenance from January 1, 1998 through
December 31, 2000 and onwards, through mechanisms, such as those
contained in Law number 72 (published in the Registro Oficial on May
21, 1990), which do not require annual budgetary approvals.
      Section 3.14. In carrying out Part H of the Project, SSDR
shall, pursuant to the JRH Agreement, rely on JRH to supervise
construction of the dams. Before December 31 of 1993 and of each
subsequent year during Project implementation, SSDR shall present to
the Bank an assessment, in form satisfactory to the Bank, of the
effectiveness of dams built under Part H of the Project prior to
that date.
      Section 3.15. (a) SSDR shall carry out Part J of the Project
through: (i) its Project Training Coordination Unit, to be main-
tained in a manner satisfactory to the Bank with three professional
staffers; and (ii) with regard to matters involving irrigation, its
Irrigation Training Group, to be operational no later than December
31, 1991 and thereafter maintained in a manner satisfactory to the
Bank and to consist of a coordinator, an assistant and a secretary
in Quito and, in the field for each of the irrigation and flood
control schemes covered by Parts A.1 and A.2 of the Project, one
training officer and one secretary/bookkeeper.
      (b)   Pursuant to an agreement to be entered into between MBS
and HIMAT, the Irrigation Training Group shall: (i) receive training
from HIMAT in establishing an accounting system satisfactory to the
Bank for the calculation of operation and maintenance costs
associated with irrigation and flood control schemes and in
establishing a billing and collection system to recover such costs;
(ii) promote the establishment of a Water Users Association for each
of the schemes covered by Parts A.1 and A.2 of the Project; and
(iii) train such Water Users Associations in the proper management
of such schemes (including the proper application of said accounting
and billing and collection systems).
      (c)   The first three members of the Irrigation Training Group
shall begin training with HIMAT no later than December 31, 1991.
      (d)   Eight Water Users Associations, one for each of the
schemes covered by Parts A.1 and A.2 of the Project, shall be
legally established no later than August 1, 1993 and thereafter
maintained throughout Project implementation.
      (e)   The accounting and billing and collection systems
referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section shall be implemented
for each Water Users Association no later than August 1, 1993. Such
systems shall be used to determine, bill and collect the operation
and maintenance costs for purposes of Sections 3.05 (a) (ii) and
3.05 (b) (ii) of this Agreement.
Page  10
      Section 3.16. SSDR shall carry out Part K.1 of the Project
through its Project Training Coordination Unit, to be maintained in
a manner satisfactory to the Bank with an organization specialist
and two professionals.
      Section 3.17. (a) SSDR shall carry out Part L of the Project
through UMA, to be operational no later than December 31, 1991 and
thereafter maintained in a manner satisfactory to the Bank and to
consist of three specialists, one in irrigation, civil works and
water management, a second in natural resource management and a
third in the socio-economic aspects of environmental matters.
      (b)   No later than December 31, 1991, SSDR shall prepare
terms of reference, cost estimates and a timetable, all satisfactory
to the Bank, for the preparation of an action plan for the manage-
ment of the Monumento Natural El Angel Area. Such action plan,
satisfactory to the Bank, shall be prepared no later than Decem-
ber 31, 1992.
      (c)   The civil works for which environmental impact studies
shall be carried out under Part L.3 of the Project shall be selected
by the Bank in consultation with SSDR. Measures shall be taken,
satisfactory to the Bank, to ameliorate any negative environmental
impact determined by such studies.
      (d)   SSDR shall carry out Part L.4 of the Project with the
assistance of DINAMA, MAG and environmental NGOs. No later than June
30, 1992, MBS shall enter into an agreement, satisfactory to the
Bank, with environmental NGOs to define their participation in
environmental monitoring under the Project. Measures shall be taken,
satisfactory to the Bank, to ameliorate any negative environmental
impact identified through such monitoring.
      Section 3.18. SSDR shall coordinate Project implementation
through its UTRs and UCAs, to be operational no later than December
31, 1991 and thereafter maintained in a manner satisfactory to the
Bank and to include: (i) in the case of each UTR, an advisory panel
of specialists in crop and animal production which shall
continuously assist UCA staff with regard to Part B of the Project
and any technology transfer activities financed through Part F of
the Project; and (ii) in the case of each UCA, a Local Coordination
Committee consisting of DEATT extension agents, members of PIP
Units, SSDR and Executing Agencies' staff and representatives of
farmer organizations.
      Section 3.19. (a) MBS shall maintain within SSDR a Monitoring
and Evaluation Directorate in a manner satisfactory to the Bank. Not
later than 90 days after the end of every six-month period during
Project implementation, beginning with the period concluding on June
30, 1992, such Directorate shall present to MBS, all other Executing
Agencies and the Bank a progress report on the Project based on the
performance indicators presented by SSDR to the Bank and referred to
in Section 7.01 (c) of this Agreement. Such reports shall be
consolidated into an annual report covering the preceding calendar
year, to be presented to MBS, all other Executing Agencies and the
Bank no later than March 31 of each year during Project implementa-
tion (beginning March 31, 1993).
      (b)   The Borrower, through MBS, MAG and MINFIN and together
with FBU, CAAP and the other Executing Agencies, shall participate
in annual reviews of Project implementation to be held in conjunc-
tion with the Bank each month of July during Project implementation,
beginning in 1992. Each such review shall, based on the reports
referred to in Section 3.19 (a) of this Agreement, examine the
status of Project implementation and conclude with the finalization
of an annual plan of action satisfactory to the Bank, including
specific goals and projections for Project implementation for the
immediately upcoming twelve months. Each such annual plan of action
shall be carried out, or caused to be carried out, by the Borrower
during the immediately upcoming twelve months.
      (c)   SSDR shall, no later than June 30, 1992, complete a
Page  11
baseline evaluation survey, satisfactory to the Bank, of the socio-
economic status of the populations in the Project Areas. Coinciding
with the annual review referred to in Section 3.19 (b) of this
Agreement which shall occur in 1995, SSDR shall complete a second
evaluation survey updating the results of the first such survey to
determine the socio-economic impact of the Project at the mid-point
of its implementation. The results of this second survey shall be
taken into account in preparing subsequent annual plans of action
under Section 3.19 (b) of this Agreement. A third such survey shall
be prepared by SSDR as part of the obligations set forth in Section
9.07 (c) of the General Conditions.
      Section 3.20. The Borrower, through MBS, shall enter into each
of the FBU, CAAP, IERAC, INIAP, INERHI and BNF Agreements and,
except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, shall not change or fail
to enforce any provisions of such Agreements. The Borrower shall
exercise its rights under each such Agreement in such manner as to
protect the interests of the Borrower and the Bank and to accomplish
the purposes of the Loan.
      Section 3.21. Each of the FBU, CAAP, IERAC, INIAP, INERHI and
BNF Agreements shall contain provisions whereby FBU, CAAP, IERAC,
INIAP, INERHI and BNF, respectively, shall:
      (a)   maintain their records and accounts and allow them to be
audited as set forth in Section 4.01 of this Agreement, and shall
assist the Borrower as necessary for the Borrower to comply with its
obligations under said Section 4.01;
      (b)   comply with the provisions of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement;
      (c)   perform their obligations under paragraphs (a) and (b)
above in conformity with the manuals regarding accounting, state-
ments of expenditure and procurement presented by the Borrower to
the Bank on June 21, 1991;
      (d)   carry out, or cause to be carried out, the obligations
set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the
General Conditions with regard to those Parts of the Project carried
out by them; and
      (e)   participate in the annual reviews referred to in Section
3.19 (b) of this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained nine sets of separate records and accounts adequate to
reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices the opera-
tions, resources and expenditures in respect of the Project. One
set, maintained by SSDR, shall apply to the entire Project. A second
set, also maintained by SSDR, shall apply to those Parts of the
Project carried out by SSDR and shall consist of separate records
and accounts for each such Part. The remaining sets, one maintained
by FBU, another by CAAP, one by DEATT, and, as to the rest, one by
each of the Executing Agencies, shall each apply respectively to the
Part of the Project carried out by the entity in question.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section, and those for the
                   Special Account, for each fiscal year audited,
                   in accordance with appropriate auditing prin-
                   ciples consistently applied, by independent
                   auditors acceptable to the Bank acting under
                   terms of reference satisfactory to the Bank;
            (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
Page  12
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year, the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
            (iii)  furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records, accounts and the audit
                   thereof as the Bank shall from time to time
                   reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in accor-
                   dance with paragraph (a) of this Section, re-
                   cords and accounts reflecting such expenditures;
            (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the Bank
                   has received the audit report for the fiscal
                   year in which the last withdrawal from the Loan
                   Account or payment out of the Special Account
                   was made, all records (contracts, orders, in-
                   voices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                   evidencing such expenditures;
            (iii)  enable the Bank's representatives to examine
                   such records; and
            (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are in-
                   cluded in the annual audit referred to in para-
                   graph (b) of this Section and that the report of
                   such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                   auditors as to whether the statements of expen-
                   diture submitted during such fiscal year, to-
                   gether with the procedures and internal controls
                   involved in their preparation, can be relied
                   upon to support the related withdrawals.
      Section 4.02. MBS shall assign, in agreement with the
Contralor General del Estado (National Controller General), a full-
time senior internal auditor to, and shall ensure that such auditor
does, make field visits on a random basis throughout Project
implementation to verify that the obligations set forth in Section
3.21 (c) of this Agreement are being performed. Such auditor's
annual work plans shall be prepared in agreement with the indepen-
dent auditors referred to in Section 4.01 (b) (i) of this Agreement
and in consultation with the Bank.
      Section 4.03. The terms of reference referred to in Section
4.01 (b) (i) of this Agreement shall include provisions whereby the
auditors shall, in their audit reports, give an opinion as to: (i)
compliance with the operation and maintenance cost recovery
obligations set forth in Sections 3.05 (a) (ii) and 3.05 (b) (ii) of
this Agreement; (ii) compliance with the provisions of Schedule 4 to
this Agreement; and (iii) the representative nature of documents
presented to the Bank for review under Section I, Part D, paragraph
1 (a) of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 4.04. SSDR shall complete the accounting study
referred to in Part K.3 of the Project by no later than December 31,
1991 and shall thereafter implement the study's recommendations in
a manner satisfactory to the Bank.
                             ARTICLE V
                          Other Covenants
      Section 5.01. The Borrower shall cause each of the Executing
Agencies, FBU and CAAP:
      (a)   to take out and maintain with responsible insurers, or
Page  13
to make other provision satisfactory to the Bank for, insurance
against such risks and in such amounts as shall be consistent with
appropriate practice;
      (b)   to carry on its operations and conduct its affairs in
accordance with sound administrative, financial, engineering and
environmental practices, as applicable, under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers; and
      (c)   at all times to operate and to maintain its plants,
machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to time,
promptly as needed, to make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
environmental practices.
                            ARTICLE VI
                       Remedies of the Bank
      Section 6.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (l) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   FBU, CAAP, IERAC, INIAP, INERHI or BNF shall have failed
to perform any of its obligations under the FBU, CAAP, IERAC, INIAP,
INERHI or BNF Agreement, respectively;
      (b)   as a result of events which have occurred after the date
of this Agreement, an extraordinary situation shall have arisen
which shall make it improbable that FBU, CAAP, IERAC, INIAP, INERHI
or BNF will be able to perform its obligations under the FBU, CAAP,
IERAC, INIAP, INERHI or BNF Agreement, respectively;
      (c)   the charter, regulations or other documents whereby FBU,
CAAP, IERAC, INIAP, INERHI or BNF was created or is governed shall
have been amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to
affect materially and adversely the ability of FBU, CAAP, IERAC,
INIAP, INERHI or BNF to perform any of its obligations under the
FBU, CAAP, IERAC, INIAP, INERHI or BNF Agreement, respectively;
      (d)   the Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment
of FBU, CAAP, IERAC, INIAP, INERHI or BNF or for the suspension of
its operations; and
      (e)   the tasa de libre contratacion (free lending rate)
referred to in the Interest Rate Letter shall cease to be, in the
Bank's opinion, a freely determined rate.
      Section 6.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any event specified in paragraph (a) or (e) of Sec-
tion 6.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a
period of sixty days after notice thereof shall have been given by
the Bank to the Borrower; and
      (b)   any event specified in paragraph (c) or (d) of Section
6.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                            ARTICLE VII
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 7.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of this Agreement within the meaning
of Section 12.01 (c) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   that the IERAC, INIAP, INERHI and BNF Agreements, each
of them satisfactory to the Bank, shall have all been fully
executed;
      (b)   that the JRH Agreement, satisfactory to the Bank, shall
Page  14
have been fully executed;
      (c)   that the performance indicators, satisfactory to the
Bank, referred to in Section 3.19 (a) of this Agreement shall have
been presented to the Bank; and
      (d)   that SSDR shall have prepared an action plan, satisfac-
tory to the Bank, for establishing, operating and managing FODECO.
      Section 7.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (c) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Bank:
      (a)   on behalf of the Borrower, that each of the IERAC,
INIAP, INERHI and BNF Agreements have been duly authorized or
ratified by, and executed and delivered on behalf of, the Borrower
and are legally binding upon the Borrower in accordance with their
terms; and
      (b)   on behalf of each of IERAC, INIAP, INERHI and BNF, that
the IERAC, INIAP, INERHI and BNF Agreements, respectively, have been
duly authorized or ratified by, and executed and delivered on behalf
of, IERAC, INIAP, INERHI and BNF, as the case may be.
      Section 7.03. The date November 12, 1991 is hereby specified
for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                           ARTICLE VIII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 8.01. Except as provided in Section 2.08 of this
Agreement, the Minister of Finance and Public Credit of the Borrower
is designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 8.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Finance and Public Credit
            Avenida 10 de Agosto y Jorge Washington
            Quito, Ecuador
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   MINFINANZAS               22358 MINFIN-ED
                   Quito, Ecuador
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
             Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
Page  15
                   REPUBLIC OF ECUADOR
                   By /s/ Raul Baca Carbo
                                         Authorized Representative
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                     RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                   By /s/ Armeane Choski
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                            SCHEDULE 1
              Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the allocation of the
amounts of the Loan to each Category and the percentage of expendi-
tures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category             Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(1) Civil works (other        42,000,000        90%
    than those involv-
    ing labor provided
    by community
    groups)
(2) Goods, materials                            90% of local
    and equipment                               expenditures;
    (except for those                           100% of foreign
    under Parts F and                           expenditures
    J of the Project),
    not including
    vehicles
    (a)  For civil             5,000,000
         works and
         forest
         planting
         involving
         labor pro-
         vided by
         community
         groups
         under Parts
         A.1, A.2,
         A.3, C, G or
         H of the Project
                            Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category             Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
    (b)  Other                 3,100,000
(3) Goods, materials           6,800,000        90%
    and equipment
    under Part F
    of the Project, not
Page  16
    including vehicles
(4) Vehicles                   2,200,000        90% of local
                                                expenditures;
                                                100% of foreign
                                                expenditures
(5) Consultants'               9,100,000        100%
    services
    (including
    auditing
    services)
(6) Incremental                4,400,000        100% until with-
    operation and                               drawals under this
    maintenance costs                           Category have
    (excluding salaries)                        reached an aggre-
                                                gate amount equi-
                                                valent to
                                                $2,700,000; then
                                                75% until such
                                                withdrawals have
                                                reached an aggre-
                                                gate amount equi-
                                                valent to
                                                $3,500,000; then
                                                50% until such
                                                withdrawals have
                                                reached an aggre-
                                                gate amount equi-
                                                valent to
                                                $4,100,000; and
                                                25% thereafter
                            Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category             Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(7) Goods, materials    2,900,000         90%
    and equipment
    under Part J of
    the Project (not
    including vehicles)
    and travel costs
    under Part J.1 of
    the Project
(8) Unallocated               8,500,000
                             __________
    TOTAL                    84,000,000
                             ==========
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of: (a) payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement, except that
withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $7,500,000, may be
made in respect of Categories 1 through 7 on account of payments
made for expenditures before that date but after November 17, 1990;
(b) funds provided to BNF pursuant to Section 3.10 of this Agree-
ment; (c) funds provided for projects under Part F of the Project
unless the FODECO Regulations have been fully complied with in
respect of such projects (and, in the case of technology transfer
projects under Line 1 of FODECO, unless the action plan referred to
in Section 3.08 of this Agreement has been fully implemented); (d)
funds required under Part A.4 of the Project for any given irriga-
tion or flood control scheme for which the transfer of respon-
sibilities under Sections 3.05 (a) (iv) or 3.05 (b) (iv) of this
Agreement has occurred (in no case shall funds for Part A.4 of the
Project be disbursed after December 31, 1997); (e) funds relating to
Page  17
a lumber production forest under Part C.1 (a) of the Project once
two years have passed since the forest was planted; (f) funds for a
regional center or town market or fair under Parts E.1 and E.2 of
the Project unless SSDR has prepared a feasibility study, satisfac-
tory to the Bank, for such center, market or fair; (g) funds for
maintenance carried out after December 31, 1997 under Part G of the
Project; (h) funds for Part H of the Project after the Bank has
determined that an assessment referred to in Section 3.14 of this
Agreement indicates that dams built under Part H of the Project are
ineffective; and (i) funds to cover expenditures incurred under Part
A.4 of the Project by FBU or CAAP unless the FBU and CAAP Agree-
ments, satisfactory to the Bank, have been entered into.
3.    For the purposes of this Schedule: (a) the term "incremental
operation and maintenance costs" means operation and maintenance
costs, with regard to Parts A, G and H of the Project, which would
not have been incurred absent this Project, and with regard to
vehicles and equipment procured under this Project; (b) the term
"foreign expenditures" means expenditures in the currency of any
country other than that of the Borrower for goods or services
supplied from the territory of any country other than that of the
Borrower; and (c) the term "local expenditures" means expenditures
in the currency of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from
the territory of the Borrower.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to: (a) increase and
diversify agricultural output and improve agricultural productivity
in the Project Areas; (b) increase employment and levels of income
of small farmers in the Project Areas by introducing higher-value
crops, promoting storage and processing of agricultural products at
the community level and rationalizing agricultural product market-
ing; (c) rehabilitate and improve rural infrastructure in the
Project Areas such as feeder roads, irrigation schemes, flood
control schemes and marketing facilities; (d) promote community and
beneficiary participation in the identification of investment needs
and in the operation of small-scale rural enterprises in the Project
Areas; (e) promote better use and conservation of natural resources
such as watershed areas in the Project Areas; (f) enhance the
institutional capacity of MBS and other Executing Agencies so as to
create a long-term institutional framework for rural development;
and (g) enhance the institutional capacity of farmers' organizations
and NGOs that participate in rural development activities in the
Project Areas.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Bank may agree upon
from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Irrigation and Flood Control
1.    Completion of six existing irrigation schemes, namely the San
Isidro scheme in the Espejo-Mira Project Area, the Tabacundo and
Cangahua scheme in the Sierra Norte de Pichincha Project Area, the
Alumis Canal Bajo and Alumis Canal del Norte schemes in the
Tanicuchi-Toacaso-Pastocalle Project Area and the Santa Isabel
scheme in the Santa Isabel Project Area.
2.    Construction of two flood control and drainage schemes, namely
the La Herradura scheme in the Tres Postes Project Area and the
Pula-Jigual scheme in the Daule Project Area.
3.    Improvement and extension of 43 existing water courses
(acequias), of which twelve are in the Espejo-Mira Project Area,
eleven in the Sierra Norte de Pichincha Project Area, five in the
Tanicuchi-Toacaso-Pastocalle Project Area and fifteen in the Santa
Isabel Project Area.
4.    Operation and maintenance of the schemes described in Parts
Page  18
A.1 and A.2 of the Project.
Part B:     Validation, Promotion and Transfer of Agricultural
            Technology
1.    Establishment and operation by INIAP of ten PIP Units in the
Project Area.
2.    Carrying out of thirteen diagnostic surveys by the PIP Units
to identify problems regarding agricultural production in the
Project Areas.
3.    Carrying out of approximately 725 agricultural technology
trials by PIP Units in farmers' fields throughout the Project Areas
so as to determine which technologies work best under actual field
conditions.
4.    Selection and use by DEATT of agricultural extensionists and
PACs to participate in the promotion and transfer to farmers in the
Project Areas of technology validated through the field trials
described in Part B.3 of the Project.
Part C:     Forestry Development
1.    Establishment of forest plantations covering 11,300 hectares,
for purposes of: (a) lumber production; (b) forestry technique
demonstration; and (c) prevention of both erosion and watershed
degradation, as well as planting of trees in rows (totalling
approximately 1,100 kilometers) to serve as windbreaks.
2.    Research regarding forestry issues, especially as related to
native tree species and the management of existing pine and
eucalyptus plantations.
Part D:     On-Farm Investment
      Expansion of credit availability for small farmers undertaking
rural development projects.
Part E:     Post-Harvest Processing and Marketing
1.    Completion, rehabilitation, improvement, operation and
maintenance of approximately twelve regional crop processing and
marketing centers in the Project Areas, such centers to include
drying and storage facilities, warehouses, processing machinery and
community stores.
2.    Improvement, operation and maintenance of five existing town
markets and fairs in the Project Areas.
3.    Establishment of six experimental pilot enterprises in the
Project Areas to test crop processing technologies with regard to
activities such as cocoa processing, flower packing and fruit
processing.
4.    Research regarding: (a) adequacy of existing post-harvest
processing technology and marketing channels in the Project Areas;
(b) adaptation of processing technology to the needs of farmer
organizations; (c) feasibility of investment initiatives proposed by
farmer organizations and NGOs; (d) market potential of new crops;
and (e) adaptation of processing technologies to the needs of
special groups such as women, indigenous populations and farmers
facing special circumstances.
5.    Selection and use by SSDR of PCCs to participate within the
UCAs in the promotion among farmers in the Project Areas of post-
harvest processing and marketing techniques applied under this Part
E of the Project.
Part F:     Community Development Fund
      Establishment and administration of FODECO, and provision of
Page  19
goods, materials and equipment to beneficiaries through two FODECO
supply lines, one (Line 1) for small projects involving goods,
materials and equipment costing the equivalent of $5,000 or less and
involving the transfer to beneficiaries of technology promoted under
the Project and related training, and the other (Line 2) for larger
projects involving goods, materials and equipment costing up to the
equivalent of $20,000 and involving the establishment by beneficiary
organizations of economically viable local processing and marketing
facilities which would supply regional centers, such as those
described in Part E.1 of the Project.
Part G:     Rural Roads
      Improvement of approximately 700 kilometers of existing rural
roads in the Project Areas; construction of approximately 100
kilometers of new rural road sections in the Project Areas; and
maintenance of rural roads in the Project Areas.
Part H:     Water Harvesting
      Construction, operation and maintenance of approximately 150
small dams in the Jipijapa and Pajan Project Areas, each no more
than eight meters high, to collect surface run-off water from
intermittent streams in dry areas without permanent rivers or ground
water suitable for consumption.
Part I:     Land Tenure Regularization and Titling
1.    Research and surveys to identify the exact land tenure
situation in all the territory of the Project Areas.
2.    Regularization of land tenure and issuance of land titles in
the Project Areas as required according to the research and surveys
described in Part I.1 of the Project.
Part J:     Training and Communications
1.    Development of methods to implement small training projects
under Line 1 of FODECO; assistance to UCAs in the preparation and
carrying out of workshops and field days regarding techniques
applied under Part E of the Project; assistance to UCAs in the
training of PCCs; assistance to DEATT in the training of PACs;
training of relevant staff from MBS (including the Irrigation
Training Group), other Executing Agencies and NGOs in Project
execution skills; training of Water Users Associations in the proper
administration of the irrigation and flood control and drainage
schemes described in Parts A.1 and A.2 of the Project; training of
entities selected to plant forests for productive purposes under
Part C.1 (a) of the Project; training of lessees under Part E of the
Project in management and operation techniques; and training and
technical assistance to involve communities close to the Monumento
Natural El Angel Area in the protection of that area.
2.    Dissemination of news and information regarding the Project to
farmers, Project staff and the general public through a monthly
Project newsletter, a monthly column to be published in national
newspapers, radio and television programs and news conferences.
Part K:     Institutional Development
1.    Strengthening of the institutional capacity of MBS and other
Executing Agencies by: (a) eliminating the institutional capacity
gaps identified in the institutional development study designated as
document number 13 in Annex 2 of the MBS and IICA Estudio de
Factibilidad -- Resumen Ejecutivo (Feasibility Study -- Executive
Summary) dated May 1991; and (b) undertaking the improvements and
investments referred to in Part K.3 of the Project and providing the
resources and developing the administrative skills required to
manage rural development initiatives.
2.    Provision of auditing services required for purposes of
complying with the terms of this Agreement.
Page  20
3.    Carrying out of a study to review the operation of SSDR's
financial department, recommend improvements in such department's
efficiency and recommend additional investments to improve the
department's functions as relate to the UTRs and UCAs.
Part L:     Environmental Protection
1.    Creation and operation of UMA.
2.    Demarcation of, and preparation of a management action plan
for, the Monumento Natural El Angel Area.
3.    Preparation of environmental impact studies for selected civil
works carried out under the Project.
4.    Monitoring of environmental impacts associated with the
Project, particularly with regard to erosion, water quality and
pesticide and fertilizer use.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1999.
                            SCHEDULE 3
                       Amortization Schedule
                                           Payment of Principal
      Date Payment Due                    (expressed in dollars)*
December 15, 1996                               1,530,000
June 15, 1997                                   1,590,000
December 15, 1997                               1,655,000
June 15, 1998                                   1,715,000
December 15, 1998                               1,785,000
June 15, 1999                                   1,850,000
December 15, 1999                               1,925,000
June 15, 2000                                   2,000,000
December 15, 2000                               2,075,000
June 15, 2001                                   2,155,000
December 15, 2001                               2,240,000
June 15, 2002                                   2,325,000
December 15, 2002                               2,415,000
June 15, 2003                                   2,510,000
December 15, 2003                               2,605,000
June 15, 2004                                   2,705,000
December 15, 2004                               2,810,000
June 15, 2005                                   2,920,000
December 15, 2005                               3,030,000
June 15, 2006                                   3,150,000
December 15, 2006                               3,270,000
June 15, 2007                                   3,395,000
December 15, 2007                               3,530,000
June 15, 2008                                   3,665,000
December 15, 2008                               3,805,000
June 15, 2009                                   3,955,000
December 15, 2009                               4,105,000
June 15, 2010                                   4,265,000
December 15, 2010                               4,430,000
June 15, 2011                                   4,590,000
_____________________________
*     The figures in this column represent dollar equivalents
      determined as of the respective dates of withdrawal. See
      General Conditions, Sections 3.04 and 4.03.
      Premiums on Prepayment
      Pursuant to Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions, the
premium payable on the principal amount of any maturity of the Loan
Page  21
to be prepaid shall be the percentage specified for the applicable
time of prepayment below:
      Time of Prepayment                   Premium
                                     The interest rate (expressed
                                     as a percentage per annum)
                                     applicable to the Loan on the
                                     day of prepayment multiplied
                                     by:
Not more than three years                  0.15
      before maturity
More than three years but                  0.30
      not more than six years
      before maturity
More than six years but                    0.55
      not more than 11 years
      before maturity
More than 11 years but not                 0.80
      more than 16 years
      before maturity
More than 16 years but not                 0.90
      more than 18 years before maturity
More than 18 years before                  1.00
      maturity
                         SCHEDULE 4
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods or works shall
be grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of
more than $1,500,000 in the case of works and $200,000 in the case
of goods.
3.    All procurement of goods and works to which international or
local competitive bidding applies, as well as all hiring of
consultants, shall be carried out using standard bidding documents
acceptable to the Bank.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the inter-
national competitive bidding procedures described in Part A hereof,
goods manufactured in Ecuador may be granted a margin of preference
in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs
2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of
Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Works estimated to cost the equivalent of $1,500,000 or less
per contract or per bid package, up to an aggregate amount
equivalent to $30,000,000, and goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of $200,000 or less per contract or per bid package, up
Page  22
to an aggregate amount equivalent to $7,100,000, may be procured
under contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding,
advertised locally, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to
the Bank.
2.    Works estimated to cost the equivalent of $80,000 or less per
contract or per bid package, and goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of $25,000 or less per contract or per bid package, up to
an aggregate amount of goods and works equivalent to $22,100,000,
may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison
of price quotations obtained from at least three suppliers eligible
under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to
the Bank.
Part D:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to: (i) each contract procured under Part
A.1 of this Section; (ii) each contract for consulting services
estimated to cost the equivalent of $30,000 or more; and (iii) the
first two contracts per year per Project Part procured under Part
C.1 of this Section, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said
paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Bank prior to the making
of the first payment out of the Special Account in respect of such
contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, said procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Bank has authorized
withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower and the Executing Agencies in
carrying out the Project, the Borrower and the Executing Agencies
shall employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms
and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank. Such
consultants shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World
Bank as Executing Agency" (the "Consultants Guidelines") published
by the Bank in August 1981.
Section III. Special Provisions
A.    In addition and without limitation to any other provisions set
forth in this Schedule or the Guidelines, the following principles
of procurement shall expressly govern all procurement of goods and
works referred to in Part A of Section I of this Schedule:
1.    Bids must be submitted in one single envelope, and the name of
each bidder and the total amount of each bid, as well as any
alternative proposals, if they have been requested or permitted,
shall be read aloud when opened.
Page  23
2.    Foreign bidders must not be required to have a local represen-
tative for purposes of submitting bids, but may be required to have
such a representative upon entering into contracts which they have
been awarded.
3.    Foreign bidders must be permitted to have their financial
solvency certified by a foreign bank acceptable to the Borrower or
relevant Executing Agency without recertification by any Ecuadoran
bank or other Ecuadoran person or entity.
4.    Bid and performance bonds and guarantees issued by foreign
sureties approved by the Borrower or relevant Executing Agency must
be admissible without recertification or other participation by any
Ecuadoran bank or other Ecuadoran person or entity.
5.    Letters of credit issued to any supplier of goods or provider
of services must not be required to be counter-guaranteed by such
supplier or provider in whole or in part. This shall not prevent
purchasers from obtaining other performance warranties from
suppliers.
B.    In addition and without limitation to any other provisions set
forth in this Schedule or the Guidelines, the following principles
of procurement shall expressly govern all procurement of goods and
services referred to in Part C.1 of Section I of this Schedule:
1.    Foreign contractors and suppliers shall be allowed to bid on
all contracts.
2.    The date for the opening of bids shall be set on a date which
shall be at least thirty days from the date of the last advertise-
ment of the invitation to bid.
3.    The invitation to bid shall be advertised for at least three
days in a newspaper of wide circulation in Ecuador.
4.    Contracts must be awarded to the lowest evaluated bidder in
accordance with criteria set forth in the bidding documents.
C.    In addition to and without limitation to any other provisions
set forth in this Schedule or the Consultants Guidelines, the
following principles of procurement shall expressly govern all
procurement of consultants' services referred to in Section II of
this Schedule:
1.    Foreign consultants must not be required to be locally
registered as a condition of participation in the selection process,
but may be required to be so registered, at the time of contracting,
if the Borrower and the Bank so agree.
2.    Foreign consultants must not be required, either directly or
indirectly, to give any participation in or share of any consulting
contracts to any local firm or person, except in connection with a
joint venture arrangement where: (i) a sufficient number of capable
domestic firms or individual consultants exist to allow a foreign
consultant reasonable freedom of choice; (ii) the contribution of
either party to the joint venture arrangement will not be con-
strained by any prescribed manner or extent of participation; and
(iii) the foreign consultant is not required to associate itself
with any specific named domestic firms or individual consultants.
3.    Foreign consulting firms shall not be required, as a condition
to provide services in Ecuador under contracts to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Loan, to be registered in Ecuador with a minimum
capital different from that required for Ecuadoran firms.
4.    Foreign consultants, either individuals or firms, providing
services under contracts financed out of the proceeds of the Loan,
shall not be required to pay fees to the Ecuadoran Consultants'
Association that are different from those required for Ecuadoran
consultants.
Page  24
Section IV. Internal Approvals
      The approval by the Contralor General del Estado (National
Controller General) and the Procurador General del Estado (National
Attorney General) referred to in Article 18 of Ley No. 95, of August
2, 1990 (Ley de Contratacion Publica), shall be limited to the
standard bidding documents referred to in Section I, Part A.3 of
this Schedule.
                             SCHEDULE 5
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories 1
through 7 set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement (but shall in no
case include expenditures made to reimburse for operation and
maintenance costs in violation of the provisions referred to in
Sections 3.05 (a) (iii) and 3.05 (b) (iii) of this Agreement); and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $4,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Loan Account and
deposited in the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to it that
the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Bank a request or requests for a
deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the
Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests, the
Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan
Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or amounts as
the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Bank requests for
                   deposits into the Special Account at such inter-
                   vals as the Bank shall specify.
            (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank the
                   documents and other evidence required pursuant
                   to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment
                   or payments in respect of which replenishment is
                   requested. On the basis of each such request,
                   the Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                   withdraw from the Loan Account and deposit into
                   the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                   shall have requested and as shall have been
                   shown by said documents and other evidence to
                   have been paid out of the Special Account for
                   eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the Loan
Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
Page  25
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Bank shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Bank such documents and other
evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Bank shall not be required to make further deposits
into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Bank shall have determined that all
further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly from the
Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Article V of the
General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this
Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated
to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any outstanding
special commitment entered into by the Bank pursuant to Section 5.02
of the General Conditions with respect to the Project, shall equal
the equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Loan Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated to the eligible Categories
shall follow such procedures as the Bank shall specify by notice to
the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and
to the extent that the Bank shall have been satisfied that all such
amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date
of such notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an expenditure
or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of this
Schedule; (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to the
Bank, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank: (A)
provide such additional evidence as the Bank may request; or (B)
deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Bank shall so request,
refund to the Bank) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or
the portion thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless the Bank
shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Bank into the
Special Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such
evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be required to
cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the Borrower
shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank, refund to the Bank such
outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Bank, refund to the
Bank all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the Special
Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Bank made pursuant to paragraphs 6 (a),
(b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Loan Account
for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance with the
relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the General
Conditions.
                            SCHEDULE 6
         Irrigation and Flood Control Scheme Cost Recovery
      The following shall be the percentages of total annual
operation and maintenance costs to be collected through tariffs
pursuant to Sections 3.05 (a) (ii) and 3.05 (b) (ii) of this
Agreement:
Page  26
Scheme                    1995   1996   1997   1998
San Isidro                30%    50%    70%    100%
Tabacundo                 30%    50%    70%    100%
Cangahua                  20%    30%    50%    100%
Alumis Canal Bajo         20%    30%    50%    100%
Alumis Canal del Norte    30%    50%    70%    100%
Santa Isabel              30%    50%    70%    100%
La Herradura              30%    50%    70%    100%
Pula-Jigual               30%    50%    70%    100%
      For purposes of this Schedule, the term "operation and
maintenance costs" means all expenses related to operations,
including administration, adequate maintenance, taxes and payments
in lieu of taxes, but excluding depreciation and interest and other
charges on debt.
                            SCHEDULE 7
           List of Roads Referred to in Section 3.13 (a)
                         of this Agreement
                                                         Length
                                                       Covered by
            Roads                                     Project (km)
Espejo - Mira Project Area
EM.1    Estacion Carchi - Tercer Paso                       18.6
EM.2    El Milagro - Palo Blanco                            20.6
EM.4    Empedradillo - El Milagro                            1.7
EM.6    Mira - El Hato - Pisquer Alto                       13.0
EM.6'   Ramal Mira - Pueblo Viejo                            0.8
EM.7    La Libertad - San Francisco - Guano                 13.6
EM.7'   Ramal La Libertad - Santa Rosa                       2.3
EM.8    Ingueza - Mortinal                                   2.4
EM.9    San Juan de Lachas - Gualchan - Las Juntas          16.5
EM.9'   Ramal Gualchan - El Carmen                           5.7
EM.10   Palo Blanco - San Isidro                            18.4
EM.11   El Guadual - Corazon de Nuevo Mundo                  5.5
Sierra Norte de Pichincha Project Area
SP.1    Espiga de Oro - Chumillos - El Quinche              17.8
SP.1'   Ramal a Quinchucajas                                10.9
SP.2    Bola del Mundo - San Antonio - Larcachaca           17.3
SP.2'   San Antonio - Carrera - Empalme (C.V. Cangahua
        - Cochapamba)                                        5.3
SP.3    Jerusalem - Malchingui                              10.6
SP.4    Cayambe - Olmedo - Pesillo                          20.1
SP.4'   La Chimba - Hierba Buena                             2.7
SP.4''  Ramal a Sto. Domingo Nro. 1                          3.2
SP.4" ' Ramal a Sto. Domingo Nro. 2                          1.7
SP.6    Tabacundo - San Jose - Panamericana                 20.0
Tanicuchi - Toacaso - Pastocalle Project Area
TTP.2   Toacaso - Chilla San Antonio - Chilla Grande         9.8
TTP.3   Panamericana - Romerillos - Luto                     7.0
TTP.4   Cerro Azul - El Manzano - El Pongo                  13.5
TTP.5   Canchagua Grande - San Bartolo                      16.8
TTP.5'  Ramal Canchagua Grande - Canchagua Chico             1.9
TTP.5"  Ramal Rio Pumacunchi - Chilla Pata Calera            2.8
TTP.6   Toacaso Bartolo - Yanahurco Grande                  14.5
TTP.6'  Ramal Toacaso - Yugsiche                             2.6
TTP.7   Saquisili - Cochapamba - Jatunera                   18.7
TTP.7'  Ramal Guanto Grande - Salamalag Grande               2.9
TTP.8   La Libertad - Teneria - Pasto Alto                  15.0
TTP.9   Pasto Alto - San Bartolome - Boliche                 7.0
TTP.9'  Ramal Pastocalle - Boliche                           2.0
Guano Project Area
Page  27
G.1     Juntus - San Vicente de Igualata                     9.4
G.1'    Ramal Entrada a San Francisco                        0.3
G.1''   Ramal Entrada a Santa Rosa                           0.8
G.1'''  Ramal a San Isidro                                   1.5
G.2     Guano - Asaco Grande                                 7.0
G.3     Chuve - San Jose de Igualata                         2.8
G.3'    Ramal a Ilapo                                        2.9
G.4     Ilapo - San Jose de Sabanag                         11.4
G.5     Ismocullo - Chazo - La Providencia                  15.9
G.6     Chibsa - La Delicia - Santa Rosa de Cunllo          10.7
G.6'    Ramal Salida de Chibsa                               1.4
Santa Isabel Project Area
SI.1    Shagli - Huertas                                     8.0
SI.1'   Huertas - Hornillos                                  7.2
SI.2    Pucara - Patococha                                   4.5
SI.3    Torcapa - Dandan - Canal de San Francisco            5.3
SI.4    Rio San Francisco - San Antonio de ugru             6.9
SI.5    Huertas - Pucara                                    27.7
SI.5'   Ramal a Pelincay                                     2.5
Pangua Project Area
P.1     Guapara - Jesus del Gran Poder                      10.3
P.1'    La Providencia - La Union                            5.0
P.3     Jalligua Alto - El Limon                             6.8
P.3'    Calope de Munoz - Calope de Garrido                 12.3
P.4     Rio Angamarca - San Ramon                            5.0
P.4'    Sillagua Guaparita - Rio Angamarca                   3.5
P.5     El Chazo - Pinllupata                               12.7
P.6     Quishpe Chico - Mindina                             23.0
P.7     Corazon - Ramon Campana                              8.2
Facundo Vela Project Area
FV.2    El Corazon - Misan                                  15.6
FV.3    Facundo Vela - San Luis de Pambil                   46.6
FV.4    La Horqueta - Velasco                                4.5
FV.4'   La Vega - Palo Seco                                  2.3
Jipijapa Project Area
J.1     Sancan - Rio Bravo                                  26.0
J.2     Maldonado - El Naranjal                              9.1
J.3     Ramo Grande - Comuna Sucre                           9.1
J.4     Buenos Aires - Comuna Sucre                          5.0
J.4'    El Anegado - Buenos Aires                            4.4
J.5     Guarango - Pinas de Julcuy                          15.0
J.5'    Ramal a Pan y Agua                                   2.7
J.6     Sambembe - Julcuy                                   10.0
J.8     Luz Amada - San Pedro                               10.0
J.10    Choconcha - San Vicente                             19.1
J.11    Vargas Torres - La Union                             8.9
J.12    Jipijapa - Pacheco                                  12.7
Pajan Project Area
PJ.1    Leonidas Plaza - Sota Grande                        11.5
PJ.1'   Sota Grande - Lascano                                7.5
PJ.2    Camposano - Tierra Amarilla                          2.5
PJ.3    Pajan - El Encuentro                                 8.4
PJ.3'   El Encuentro - La Pajita                            15.4
PJ.3''  La Pajita - Lascano                                 19.0
PJ.4    Tierra Amarilla - San Agustin                       13.6
PJ.4'   San Agustin - Sota Grande                            2.5
PJ.4''  San Agustin - Guale                                 11.4
PJ.5    Camposano - El Limon                                 2.0
PJ.5'   Limon - San Andres                                   9.0
Playas de Higueron Project Area
Page  28
PH.1    El Progreso - Baba                                  14.6
PH.2    Antonio Sotomayor - Los Explotados                   8.9
PH.3    Antonio Sotomayor - Bagatela                         4.9
PH.3'   Bagatela - Coop. Primero San Jose                    3.7
PH.4    Vinces - Macul                                      24.7
Daule Project Area
D.1     Daule - Guarumal                                     4.5
                                                           _____
                                         TOTAL             921.3
                                                           =====
