Page  1
                                          CONFORMED COPY
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2904 IN
                   Project Agreement
           (Western Gas Development Project)
                        between
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                          and
            OIL AND NATURAL GAS COMMISSION
                 Dated April 21, 1988
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2904 IN
                   PROJECT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated April 21, 1988, between
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank) and OIL AND NATURAL GAS COMMISSION (the
Commission).
     WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date
herewith between India, acting by its President (the
Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank has agreed to make
available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies
equivalent to two hundred ninety-five million dollars
($295,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in
the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the
Commission agree to undertake such obligations toward the
Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
     (B)  by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered
into between the Borrower and the Commission, the
proceeds of the loan provided for under the Loan
Agreement will be made available to the Commission on the
terms and conditions set forth in said subsidiary loan
agreement; and
     WHEREAS the Commission, in consideration of the
Bank's entering into the Loan Agreement with the
Borrower, has agreed to undertake the obligations set
forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
Page  2
                       ARTICLE I
                      Definitions
     Section 1.01.  Unless the context otherwise
requires, the several terms defined in the Loan
Agreement, the Preamble to this Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings
therein set forth.
                      ARTICLE II
               Execution of the Project
     Section 2.01.  The Commission declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, and, to this end,
shall carry out the Project with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, and gas engineering and
exploration practices, and shall provide, or cause to be
provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for the Project.
     Section 2.02.  Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for the Project and to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the
provisions of the Schedule to this Agreement.
     Section 2.03.  The Commission shall carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07,
9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions (relating to
insurance, use of goods and services, plans and
schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project
Agreement.
     Section 2.04.  The Commission shall duly perform all
its obligations under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, the Commission
shall not take or concur in any action which would have
the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
     Section 2.05.  (a) The Commission shall, at the
request of the Bank, exchange views with the Bank with
regard to the progress of the Project, the performance of
its obligations under this Agreement and under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters relating to
the purposes of the Loan.
     (b)  The Commission shall promptly inform the Bank
of any condition which interferes or threatens to
interfere with the progress of the Project, the
accomplishment of the purposes of Loan, or the
performance by the Commission of its obligations under
this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
      Management and Operations of the Commission
     Section 3.01.  The Commission shall carry on its
operations and conduct its affairs in accordance with
sound administrative, financial and gas engineering and
exploration practices under the supervision of qualified
and experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
     Section 3.02.  The Commission shall at all times
operate and maintain its plant, machinery, equipment and
Page  3
other property, and from time to time, promptly as
needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals thereof,
all in accordance with sound gas engineering and
financial practices.
     Section 3.03.  The Commission shall take out and
maintain with responsible insurers, or make other
provision satisfactory to the Bank for, insurance against
such risks and in such amounts as shall be consistent
with appropriate practice.
     Section 3.04. (a) The Commission shall at all times
take all steps necessary to maintain its corporate
existence and the right to carry on its operations, and
shall take all action necessary to acquire and to retain
such land, interests in land and properties, and to
acquire, maintain and renew such powers, privileges,
licenses, franchises or other rights as may be necessary
or useful for the conduct of its business and the
execution of the Project.
     (b)  Unless the Bank shall otherwise agree, the
Commission shall not sell, lease, transfer or otherwise
dispose of any of its property or assets required for the
efficient operation of the Project, except in the
ordinary course of business.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01.  (a) The Commission shall maintain
records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices its operations and
financial condition.
     (b)  The Commission shall:
          (i)  have its records, accounts and financial
               statements (balance sheets, statements of
               income and expenses and related
               statements) for each fiscal year audited,
               in accordance with appropriate auditing
               principles consistently applied, by
               independent auditors acceptable to the
               Bank;
          (ii) furnish to the Bank as soon as available,
               but in any case not later than nine
               months after the end of each such year,
               (A) certified copies of its financial
               statements for such year as so audited,
               and (B) the report of such audit by said
               auditors of such scope and in such detail
               as the Bank shall have reasonably
               requested; and
          (iii)     furnish to the Bank such other
                    information concerning said records,
                    accounts and financial statements as
                    well as the audit thereof, as the
                    Bank shall from time to time
                    reasonably request.
     Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, the Commission shall:
          (i)  take all steps within its power necessary
               to ensure that at all times its internal
               cash generation for each year shall be at
               least 1.5 times the debt service
               requirements of its debt for that year;
Page  4
          (ii) not incur any debt, if after the
               incurrence of such debt, the aggregate
               principal amount of the debt then
               incurred and outstanding would be greater
               than 1.5 times the equity; and
          (iii)     maintain, at all times, a ratio of
                    current assets to current
                    liabilities of not less than 1.2
                    times.
     (b)  For the purposes of this Section:
          (i)  The term debt means any indebtedness of
               the Commission maturing by its terms,
               more than one year after the date on
               which it is originally incurred.
          (ii) Debt shall be deemed to be incurred
               under: (A) a loan contract, or agreement
               or other instrument providing for such
               debt or for the modification of its terms
               of payment, on the date, and to the
               extent, the amount of such debt has
               become outstanding pursuant to such
               contract, agreement or instrument; and
               (B) a guarantee agreement, on the date
               the agreement providing for such
               guarantee has been entered into but only
               to the extent that the guaranteed debt
               shall be outstanding.
          (iii)     The term "equity means the aggregate
                    amount of the total unimpaired
                    paid-up capital, retained earnings
                    and reserves not allocated to cover
                    specific liabilities of the
                    Commission.
          (iv) The term "current assets" means cash,
               accounts receivable due within twelve
               months, marketable securities, pre-paid
               expenses properly chargeable to operating
               expenses within the next twelve months
               following the date in which such pre-paid
               expenses were made, and all other assets
               which could, in the ordinary course of
               business, be converted into cash within
               twelve months.
          (v)  The term "current liabilities" means
               accounts payable within twelve months,
               income taxes dividends, bonuses and all
               other liabilities (including debt) which,
               pursuant to their terms, will become due
               and payable or could under circumstances
               then existing be called for payment
               within twelve months.
          (vi) The term "internal cash generation" means
               the aggregate amount of the gross
               revenues of the Commission from all
               sources, less the aggregate amount of the
               operating expenses of the Commission,
               including expenses accountable to
               administration, maintenance and taxes (or
               payments in lieu of taxes), but before
               provision for depreciation of assets and
               interest and other charges on debt.
          (vii)     The term "debt service requirement"
Page  5
                    means the aggregate amount of
                    amortization (including sinking fund
                    payments, if any) of, and interest
                    and other charges on, debt.
          (viii)Whenever for the purposes of this Section
it shall
               be necessary to value, in terms of
               currency of the Borrower, debt payable in
               another currency, such valuation shall be
               made on the basis of the prevailing
               lawful rate of exchange at which such
               other currency is, at the time of such
               valuation, obtainable for the purposes of
               servicing such debt, or, with absence of
               such rate, on the basis of a rate of
               exchange acceptable to the Bank.
                       ARTICLE V
             Effective Date; Termination;
              Cancellation and Suspension
     Section 5.01.  This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Loan Agreement
becomes effective.
     Section 5.02.  This Agreement and all obligations of
the Bank and of the Commission thereunder shall terminate
on the date on which the Loan Agreement shall terminate
in accordance with its terms, and the Bank shall promptly
notify the commission thereof.
     Section 5.03.  All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VI
               Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 6.01.  Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
            Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INTBAFRAD                440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA)
or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     For the Commission:
Page  6
          Oil and Natural Gas Commission
          Tel Bhavan
          Dehradun 248003,
          India
          Cable address:           Telex:
               COMONG                   0595-206
               DEHRADUN
     Section 6.02.  Any action required or permitted to
be taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of the
Commission may be taken or executed by the Chairman or
such other person or persons; as the Commission shall
designate in writing, and the Commission shall furnish to
the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
     Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all
collectively but one instrument.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                 RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
               By /s/ A. Karaosmanoglu
                                Regional Vice President
                                                   Asia
               OIL AND NATURAL GAS COMMISSION
               By /s/ N. Misra
                              Authorized Representative
                       SCHEDULE
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I: Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
     Except as provided in Part D hereof, goods and works
shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance
with procedures consistent with those set forth in
Sections I and II of the Guidelines for Procurement under
IBRD Loans and IDA Credits published by the Bank in May
1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
Page  7
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured
in India may be granted a margin of preference in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs
1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Preference for Domestic Contractors
     In the procurement of works in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, the commission may
grant a margin of preference to domestic contractors in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraph
5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Contracts estimated to cost the equivalent of
$1,000,000 each or less for well services and drilling
materials required for special operations and
time-critical contracts may be procured through limited
international bidding procedures on the basis of
evaluations and comparison of bids invited from a list of
at least three qualified suppliers eligible under the
Guidelines and in accordance with paragraph 3.2 thereof.
2.   Contracts for equipment and spare parts of a
proprietary nature or which are required to ensure
standardization and compatibility with existing equipment
and facilities may be procured by direct contracting with
known suppliers.  Such contracts shall require prior
approval by the Bank.
3.   Contracts procured in accordance with the provisions
of paragraphs 1 and 2 of this Part C shall not exceed an
aggregate amount of $25 million equivalent.
4.   Appraisal drilling of about 40 wells in Gandhar
field may be carried out by the Commission by force
account.
Part E:   Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each contract estimated to cost
the equivalent of $1,000,000 or more, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract
are to be made out of the Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished
to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be
furnished to the Bank prior to the making of the first
payment out of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3
shall be furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to
be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to the
Loan Agreement.
     (c)  The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs
(a) and (b) shall not apply to contracts on account of
Page  8
which the Bank has authorized withdrawals from the Loan
Account on the basis of statements of expenditure. Such
contracts shall be retained in accordance with Section
4.01 (a) (ii) of the Loan agreement.
2.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II: Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist the Commission in carrying out
the Project, the Commission shall as and when needed
employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and
terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory
to the Bank.  Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to
the Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank
as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August
1981.
