Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2904 IN
                    Loan Agreement
           (Western Gas Development Project)
                        between
                         INDIA
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                 Dated April 21, 1988
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2904 IN
                    LOAN AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated April 21, 1988, between INDIA,
acting by its President (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL
BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
     WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as
to the feasibility and priority of the Project described
in Schedule 2 to  this  Agreement, has requested the Bank
to assist in the financing of the Project;
     (B)  the Project will be carried out by Oil and
Natural Gas Commission with the Borrower's assistance
and, as part of such assistance, the Borrower will make
available to Oil and Natural Gas  Commission the proceeds
of the Loan as provided in this Agreement; and
     WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Loan to the
Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement and in the Project Agreement of even date
herewith between the Bank and Oil and Natural Gas
Commission;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Page  2
Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January
1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of
this Agreement.
     Section  1.02.  Unless the context otherwise
requires, the several terms defined in the General
Conditions and in the Preamble to this Agreement have the
respective meanings therein set forth and the following
additional terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "Commission" means the Oil and Natural Gas
Commission established under the Oil and Natural Gas
Commission Act, 1959 of the Borrower, and includes any
successor thereto;
     (b)  "Project Agreement" means the agreement between
the Bank and the Commission of even date herewith, as the
same may be amended from time to time, and such term
includes all schedules and agreements supplemental to the
Project Agreement;
     (c)  "Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement
to be entered into between the Borrower and the
Commission pursuant to Section 3.01 (b) of this
Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time,
and such term includes all schedules to the Subsidiary
Loan Agreement;
     (d)  "Special Account" means the account referred to
in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement; and
     (e)  "HBJ Pipeline" means the gas pipeline being
built linking Hazira - Bijaipur - Jagdishpur.
                      ARTICLE II
                       The Loan
     Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in the Loan Agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent to two hundred ninety-five million
dollars ($295,000,000).
     Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Loan may be
withdrawn from the Loan Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for
expenditures made (or, if the Bank shall so agree, to be
made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and
services required for the Project described in Schedule
2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan.
     (b)  The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the
Project, open and maintain in dollars a special account
in the Reserve Bank of India on terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Bank. Deposits into, and payments out
of, the Special Account shall be made in accordance with
the provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30,
1994 or such later date as the Bank shall establish.  The
Bank shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later
date.
     Section  2.04.  The  Borrower shall pay to the Bank
a commitment charge at the rate of three-fourths of one
per cent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of
the Loan not withdrawn from time to time.
     Section 2.05.  (a) The Borrower shall pay interest
Page  3
on the principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time at a rate per annum for
each Interest Period equal to one-half of one per cent
per annum above the Cost of Qualified Borrowings for the
last Semester ending prior to the commencement of such
Interest Period.
     (b)  As soon as practicable after the end of each
Semester, the  Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost
of Qualified Borrowings for such Semester.
     (c)  For purposes of this Section:
          (i)  "Interest Period" means the six-month
               period commencing on each date specified
               in Section 2.06 of this Agreement,
               including the Interest Period in which
               this Agreement is signed.
          (ii) "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the
               cost of the outstanding borrowings of the
               Bank drawn down after June 30, 1982,
               expressed as a percentage per annum, as
               reasonably determined by the Bank.
          (iii)     "Semester" means the first six
                    months or the second six months of a
                    calendar year.
     Section 2.06. Interest and other charges shall be
payable semiannually on May 1 and November 1 in each
year.
     Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal
amount of  the Loan in accordance with the Amortization
Schedule set forth in Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
               Execution of the Project
     Section 3.01.  (a) The Borrower declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, and, to this end,
without any limitation or restriction upon any of its
other obligations under the Loan Agreement, shall  cause
the Commission to perform in accordance with the
provisions of the Project Agreement all the obligations
of the Commission therein set forth, shall take or cause
to be taken all action, including the provision of funds,
facilities, services and other resources,  necessary or
appropriate to enable the Commission to perform such
obligations, and shall not take or permit to be taken any
action which would prevent or interfere with such
performance.
     (b)  The Borrower shall relend the proceeds of the
Loan to the Commission under a subsidiary loan agreement
to be entered into between the Borrower and the
Commission, under terms and conditions satisfactory to
the Bank, which shall include, inter alia, that the
Commission shall: (i) pay interest on the principal
amount so  relent and withdrawn, and outstanding from
time to time, at a rate of not less than 15% per annum,
and (ii) repay the principal amount so relent over a
period of 15 years, included therein a period of grace of
5 years, and the foreign exchange risk shall be borne by
the Borrower.
     (c)  The Borrower shall exercise its rights under
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement in such manner as to
protect the interests of the Borrower and the Bank and to
Page  4
accomplish the purposes of the Loan, and, except as the
Bank shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not
assign, amend, abrogate or waive the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement or any provision thereof.
     Section 3.02.  Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for the Project and to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the
provisions of the Schedule to the Project Agreement.
     Section 3.03. The Bank and the Borrower hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05,
9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions
(relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) shall be carried out by the
Commission pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Project
Agreement.
                      ARTICLE IV
                    Other Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) For all expenditures with respect
to which withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on
the basis of statements of expenditure, the Borrower
shall:
          (i)  maintain or cause to be maintained in
               accordance with sound accounting
               practices, records and accounts
               reflecting such expenditures;
          (ii) ensure that all records (contracts,
               orders, invoices, bills, receipts and
               other documents) evidencing such
               expenditures are retained until at least
               one year after the Bank has received the
               audit report for the fiscal year in which
               the last withdrawal from the Loan Account
               was made; and
          (iii)     enable the Bank's representatives to
                    examine such records.
     (b)  The Borrower shall:
          (i)  have the records and accounts referred to
               in paragraph (a) (i) of this Section for
               each fiscal year audited, in accordance
               with appropriate auditing principles
               consistently applied, by independent
               auditors acceptable to the Bank;
          (ii) furnish to the Bank as soon as available,
               but in any case not later than nine
               months after the end of each such year
               the report of such audit by said
               auditors, of such scope and in such
               detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
               requested, including a separate opinion
               by said auditors as to whether the
               statements of expenditure  submitted
               during such fiscal year, together with
               the procedures and internal controls
               involved in their preparation, can be
               relied upon to support the related
               withdrawals; and
          (iii)     furnish to the Bank such other
                    information concerning said records
Page  5
                    and accounts and the audit thereof
                    as the Bank shall from time to  time
                    reasonably request.
     (c)  The Borrower shall have the Special Account for
each financial year audited in accordance with
appropriate auditing principles consistently applied by
independent auditors acceptable to the Bank and furnish
to the Bank, as soon as available, but in any case not
later than six months after the end of each year the
report of such audit by said auditors, of such scope and
in such detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
requested.
     Section  4.02.  (a)  The Borrower shall take
appropriate measures to ensure the timely off take of gas
by users along the HBJ Pipeline sufficient to absorb the
expected gas supply under the Project.
     (b)  The  Borrower shall furnish to the Bank
annually a report on plans for gas use for the next three
years, as well as the current progress in the market
development.
     Section 4.03. The Borrower shall from time to time,
carry out a review of the prices of crude oil and natural
gas paid to the Commission and shall set such prices at
a level needed to enable the Commission, under conditions
of efficient operation, to meet its operating expenses
and earn a sufficient return after taxes on assets
employed in operation, meet its debt-service
requirements,  maintain adequate working capital and
furnish a substantial portion of its proposed capital
investments.
                       ARTICLE V
                 Remedies of the Bank
     Section 5.01.  Pursuant to Section 6.02 (k) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  The Commission shall have failed to perform any
of its obligations under the Project Agreement.
     (b)  As a result of events which have occurred after
the date of the Loan Agreement, an extraordinary
situation shall have arisen which shall make it
improbable that the Commission will be able to perform
its obligations under the Project Agreement.
     (c)  The Oil and Natural Gas Commission Act,  1959
of the Borrower, as amended to the date hereof, shall
have been amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or
waived so as to affect materially and adversely the
ability of the Commission to perform any of its under the
Project Agreement.
     (d)  The Borrower or any other authority having
jurisdiction shall have taken any action for the
dissolution or disestablishment of the Commission or for
the Suspension of its operations.
     (e)  A subsidiary shall  have been created or
acquired by the  Commission, if such creation or
acquisition will affect materially and adversely the
conduct of the Commission's business or its financial
condition or the performance of its obligations under the
Project Agreement.
     Section 5.02.  Pursuant to Section 7.01 (h) of the
Page  6
General Conditions. the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  the event specified in paragraph (a) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for
a period of sixty days after notice thereof shall have
been given by the Bank to the Borrower; and
     (b)  the events specified in paragraphs (c), (d) and
(e) of Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                      ARTICLE VI
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 6.01. The following event is specified as an
additional condition to the effectiveness of the Loan
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the
General Conditions,  namely, that the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement has been executed on behalf of the Borrower and
the Commission.
     Section 6.02. The following are specified as
additional matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02
(c) of the General Conditions, to be included in the
opinion or opinions to be furnished to the Bank:
     (a)  that the Project Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by the Commission, and is legally
binding upon the Commission in accordance with its terms;
and
     (b)  that the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been
duly authorized or ratified by the Borrower and the
Commission and is legally binding upon the Borrower and
the Commission in accordance with its terms.
     Section 6.03. The date 90 days after the date of
this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of
Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VII
      Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 7.01. The Secretary, Additional Secretary,
Joint Secretary, Director, Deputy Secretary, or Under
Secretary in the Department of Economic Affairs in the
Ministry of Finance of the Borrower is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03. of the General Conditions.
     Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
          The Secretary to the Government of India
          Ministry of Finance
          Department of Economic Affairs
          New Delhi, India
          Cable Address:           Telex:
               ECOFAIRS                 953-31354
               New Delhi
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
Page  7
             Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INTBAFRAD                440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA)
or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
                    INDIA
                    By /s/ N. Misra
                              Authorized Representative
                    INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                        RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                    By /s/ A. Karaosmanoglu
                                Regional Vice President
                                                   Asia
                      SCHEDULE 1
        Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the
allocation of the amounts of the Loan to each Category
and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                      Amount of the
                     Loan Allocated               % of
                      (Expressed in
Expenditures
Category            Dollar Equivalent)  to be Financed
(1) Process facilities        76,000,000          100% of
foreign
                                        expenditures and
                                        90% of local
                                        expenditures
(2) Pipeline system,          60,000,000          100% of
foreign
     including                          expenditures and
     installation                            90% of local
                                        expenditures
(3) Drilling materials        61,000,000          100% of
foreign
     and equipment                      expenditures and
Page  8
                                        100% of local
                                        expenditures
                                        (ex-factory)
(4) Drilling services         70,000,000          90%
(5)  Seismic surveys           8,000,000          90%
(6)  Engineering and           5,000,000          100%
     studies
(7)  Unallocated              15,000,000
                         ___________
          TOTAL               295,000,000
                         ===========
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a) the term "foreign expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of any country other than
that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from
the territory of any country other than that of the
Borrower; and
     (b) the term "local expenditures" means expenditures
in the currency of the Borrower or for goods or services
supplied from the territory of the Borrower.
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made
for expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement,
except that withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not
exceeding the equivalent of $25,000,000, may be made on
account of payments made for expenditures before that
date but after August 1, 1986.
                      SCHEDULE 2
              Description of the Project
     The objectives of the Project are to: (i) support
development of proven gas reserves and to identify
further reserves; (ii) expand the gas market for
effective use of production; and (iii) plan most economic
ways for development and utilization of gas.
      The Project consists of the following parts,
subject to such modifications thereof as the Borrower and
the Bank may agree upon from time to time to achieve such
objectives:
Part A    South Bassein Field, Phase II
     (i)  The construction of a gas processing platform
          with gas and condensate treatment facilities
          for the additional production  capacity,
          together with power generation facilities,
          workshops and a control center.
     (ii) The construction of a nine-slot well head
platform.
     (iii)     The construction of a living quarters
               platform for about 125 persons.
     (iv) The construction of a flare structure.
     (v)  The construction of tie lines to existing
          facilities under Phase I.
Page  9
     (vi) The drilling of 27 development wells.
     (vii)     The construction of on-shore gas
               processing facilities and an off-shore
               terminal at Hazira.
Part B    Heera-Uran Pipeline System
     The installation of a submarine pipeline system from
Heera to Uran.
Part C    Gandhar Field
     The drilling of about forty appraisal and about
seventy-five development wells at Gandhar.
Part D    Hazira and North Tapti Fields
1.   The evaluation of the hydrocarbon potential of the
Hazira and North Tapti fields through seismic surveys and
seismic data interpretation.
2.   The drilling of about ten appraisal wells.
Part E    Engineering and Studies
     The carrying out of engineering for the Project and
studies for optimum production, utilization and marketing
of western gas resources.
                     *  *  *  *  *
     The Project is expected to be completed by June 30,
1993.
                 Amortization Schedule
                                    Payment of Principal
Date Payment Due                        (Expressed in
dollars)*
On each May 1 and November 1
     beginning May 1, 1993
     through   May 1, 2007                   9,835,000
On November 1, 2007                     9,785,000
_______________________________
*    The figures in this column represent dollar
     equivalents determined as of the respective dates
     of withdrawal.  See General Conditions, Sections
     3.04 and 4.03.
                Premiums on Prepayment
     The following premiums are specified  for the
purposes of Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions:
Time of Prepayment                 Premium
                              The interest rate (ex-
                              pressed as a percentage
                              per annum) applicable to
                              the balance outstanding
                              on the Loan on the day
                              of prepayment multiplied
                              by:
Page  10
Not more than three years                    0.15
     before maturity
More than three years but                    0.30
     not more than six years
     before maturity
More than six years but                      0.55
     not more than 11 years
     before maturity
More than 11 years but not                   0.80
     more than 16 years
     before maturity
More than 16 years but not                   0.90
     more than 18 years
     before maturity
More than 18 years before                    1.00
     maturity
                      SCHEDULE 4
                    Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "eligible Categories" means Categories
(1), (2), (3), (4), (5) and (6) set forth in the table in
paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
     (b)  the term "eligible expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Loan allocated from time to
time to the eligible Categories in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
     (c)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an
amount equivalent to $25,000,000 to be withdrawn from the
Loan Account and deposited in the Special Account
pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.   Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, payments
out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively for
eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions
of this Schedule.
3.   After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to
it that the Special Account has been duly opened,
withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and subsequent
withdrawals to replenish the Special Account may be made
as follows:
     (a)  On the basis of a request or requests by the
Borrower for a deposit or deposits which add up to the
aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation, the Bank
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan
Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
     (b)  The Borrower shall furnish to the Bank requests
for replenishment of the Special Account at such
intervals as the Bank shall specify.  On the basis of
such requests, the Bank shall withdraw from the Loan
Account and deposit into the Special Account such amounts
as shall be required to replenish the Special Account
with amounts not exceeding the amount of payments made
Page  11
out of the Special Account for eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the
Loan Account under the respective eligible Categories,
and in the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have
been justified by the evidence supporting the request for
such deposit furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of this
Schedule.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of the
Special Account for which the Borrower requests
replenishment pursuant to paragraph 3 (b) of this
Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank, prior
to or at the time of such request, such documents and
other evidence as the Bank shall reasonably request,
showing that such payment was made for eligible
expenditures.
5.   (a)  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3
of this Schedule, no further deposit into the Special
Account shall be made by the Bank when either of the
following situations first arises:
          (i)  the Bank shall have determined that all
               further withdrawals should be made by the
               Borrower directly from the Loan Account
               in accordance with the provisions of
               Article V of the General Conditions and
               paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this
               Agreement; or
          (ii) the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan
               allocated to the eligible Categories
               minus the amount of any outstanding
               special commitment entered into by the
               Bank pursuant to Section 5.02 of the
               General Conditions with respect to the
               Project, shall be equal to the equivalent
               of twice the amount of the Authorized
               Allocation.
     (b)  Thereafter, withdrawal from the Loan Account of
the remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated to
the eligible Categories shall follow such procedures as
the Bank shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such
further withdrawaLs shall be made only after and to the
extent that the Bank shall have been satisfied that all
such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account
as of the date of such notice will be utilized in making
payments for eligible expenditures.
6.   (a)  If the Bank shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account (i) was made
for any expenditure or in any amount not eligible
pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule, or (ii) was not
justified by the evidence  furnished pursuant to
paragraph 4 of this Schedule, the Borrower shall,
promptly upon notice  from the Bank, deposit into the
Special Account (or, if the Bank shall so request, refund
to the Bank) an amount equal to the amount of such
payment or the portion thereof not so eligible or
justified. No further deposit by the Bank into the
special Account shall be made until the Borrower has made
such deposit or refund.
     (b)  If the Bank shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will
not be required to cover further payments for eligible
expenditures, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice
from the Bank, refund to the Bank such outstanding amount
for crediting to the Loan Account.
Page  12
