Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 1855 SE
                   Project Agreement
                (Irrigation IV Project)
                         among
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                          and
   SOCIETE NATIONALE D'AMENAGEMENT ET D'EXPLOITATION
         DES TERRES DU DELTA DU FLEUVE SENEGAL
               ET DES VALLEES DU FLEUVE
                SENEGAL ET DE LA FALEME
                          and
          CAISSE NATIONALE DE CREDIT AGRICOLE
                      DU SENEGAL
                   Dated May 5, 1988
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 1855 SE
                   PROJECT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated May 5, 1988, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and SOCIETE
NATIONALE D'AMENAGEMENT ET D'EXPLOITATION DES TERRES DU
DELTA DU FLEUVE SENEGAL ET DES VALLEES DU FLEUVE SENEGAL
ET DE LA FALEME (SAED) and CAISSE NATIONALE DE CREDIT
AGRICOLE DU SENEGAL (CNCAS);
     WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of
even date herewith between Republic of Senegal (the
Borrower) and the Association, the Association has agreed
to make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to twenty-six million two hundred
thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 26,200,000) on the
terms and conditions set forth in the Development Credit
Agreement, but only on condition that SAED and CNCAS
agree to undertake such obligations toward the
Association as are set forth in this Agreement;
     (B)  by a Grant Agreement to be entered into between
Page  2
the Borrower and SAED, certain proceeds of Credit
provided for under the Development Credit Agreement will
be made available to SAED on the terms and conditions set
forth in said Grant Agreement;
     (C)  by a Subsidiary Loan Agreement to be entered
into between the Borrower and CNCAS, certain proceeds of
this Credit provided for under the Development Credit
Agreement will be made available to CNCAS on the terms
and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan
Agreement; and
     WHEREAS SAED and CNCAS, in consideration of the
Association's entering into the Development Credit
Agreement with the Borrower, have agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
                      Definitions
     Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the Development Credit
Agreement, the Preamble to this Agreement and In the
General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                      ARTICLE II
               Execution of the Project
     Section 2.01. (a) SAED and CNCAS declare their
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit Agreement. To
this end: (i) SAED shall carry out Parts A, B, D, E, and
F of the Project; Part G in cooperation with ISRA; Part
H in cooperation with DCSR; and Part I in cooperation
with CREDO-SAHEL; and (ii) CNCAS shall carry out Part C
of the Project, with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate administrative, financial,
engineering, irrigation and rural development practices,
and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as
needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for the Project.
     (b)  Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section, SAED shall, for the
purpose of the execution of Part I of the Project, make
the proceeds of the Credit allocated thereto available to
CREDO-SAHEL, under a Subsidiary Grant Agreement
acceptable to the Association.
     Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods, works and
consultants' services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement.
     Section 2.03. SAED and CNCAS shall carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to
insurance, use of goods and services, plans and
schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project
Agreement.
     Section 2.04. SAED and CNCAS shall duly perform all
their obligations under the Grant Agreement and the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement, respectively. Except as the
Page  3
Association shall otherwise agree, SAED and CNCAS shall
not take or concur in any action which would have the
effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the
Grant Agreement and the Subsidiary Loan Agreement,
respectively, or any provision thereof.
     Section 2.05. For purpose of assisting CNCAS in
carrying out Part C of the Project, SAED shall take all
necessary measures to fulfill its obligations under the
Protocol dated February 27, 1987, agreed upon between
SAED and CNCAS.
     Section 2.06. SAED shall: (a) implement the staff
reduction plan, provided in the Lettre de Mission in
accordance with the timetable set forth in said Lettre de
Mission; and (b) by June 30, 1988, prepare and submit to
the Association for its comments an estimate of further
staff reduction for the period June 30, 1990, through
June 30, 1993.
     Section 2.07. SAED shall, promptly after double-
cropping is available to farmers in the Project Area,
charge for the water supplied to such farmers, a price
equal to the operation and maintenance costs of SAED's
Water Management Department on the basis of cost
accounting principles generally accepted.
     Section 2.08. (a) SAED and CNCAS shall, not later
than January I and June 30 in each year the Project is
executed, exchange views jointly with the Association
with regard to the progress of the Project, the
performance of their obligations under this Agreement,
the Grant Agreement, the Subsidiary Loan Agreement and
the Lettre de Mission, and other matters relating to the
purposes of the Credit.
     (b)  SAED and CNCAS shall promptly inform the
Association of any condition which interferes or
threatens to interfere with the progress of the Project,
the accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit, or the
performance by SAED and CNCAS of their obligations under
this Agreement,, the Grant Agreement, the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement and the Lettre de Mission.
     Section 2.09. SAED shall: (a) not later than
December 31, 1988 complete a draft plan for development
of new irrigated land to be cultivated in the perimeters
referred to in Part A of the Project and promptly furnish
said plan to the Association for its comments; and
     (b)  the plan parcellaire to be included in the
draft plan referred to in paragraph (a) above shall be
designed in accordance with economic and technical
efficiency requirements generally followed in the
irrigation field.
     Section 2.10. SAED shall, upon the Association's
request, review periodically Its Investment program with
the Association. To this end, SAED shall furnish to the
Association, all information, including any feasibility
study prepared for the carryIng out of any irrigation
project, as the Association shall reasonably request.
     Section 2.11. CNCAS shall: (a) keep separate
accounts and records for all short-term credit operations
made by CNCAS pursuant to this Agreement; (b) not later
than March 31 In each year, prepare a report in such
detail as shall be reasonably requested by the
Association on progress achieved in the implementation of
the credit operations referred to in paragraph (a) above;
(c) review said report with the Borrower and the Associa-
tion not later than April 30 in each year; and (d)
Page  4
promptly thereafter, implement all measures required by
the Borrower in agreement with the Association as a
result of the review mentioned in paragraph (c) above.
     Section 2.12. For any credit made by CNCAS pursuant
to this Agreement, CNCAS shall apply the lending terms
and conditions set forth in Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
      Management and Operations of SAED and CNCAS
     Section 3.01. SAED and CNCAS shall carry on their
operations and conduct their affairs in accordance with
sound administrative, financial and rural development
practices under the supervision of qualified and
experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
     Section 3.02. SAED and CNCAS shall at all times
operate and maintain their plant, machinery, equipment
and other property and, from time to time, promptly as
needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals thereof,
all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
rural development practices.
     Section 3.03. SAED and CNCAS shall take out and
maintain with responsible insurers, or make other
provision satisfactory to the Association for, insurance
against such risks and in such amounts as shall be
consistent with appropriate practice.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) SAED and CNCAS shall maintain
records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices their operations and
financial condition.
     (b)  SAED and CNCAS shall:
          (i)  have their records, accounts and
               financial statements (balance sheets,
               statements of income and expenses and
               related statements) for each Fiscal Year
               audited, in accordance with appropriate
               auditing principles consistently applied,
               by independent auditors acceptable to the
               Association;
          (ii) furnish to the Association as soon as
               available, but in any case not later than
               six months after the end of each such
               year: (A) certified copies of their
               financial statements for such year as so
               audited; and (B) the report of such audit
               by said auditors, of such scope and In
               such detail as the Association shall have
               reasonably requested; and
         (iii) furnish to the Association such
               other information concerning said
               records, accounts and financial
               statements as well as the audit
               thereof, as the Association shall
               from time to time reasonably
               request.
     (c)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the
Page  5
basis of statements of expenditure, SAED and CNCAS shall:
          (i)  maintain or cause to be maintained, in
               accordance with paragraph (a) of this
               Section, records and accounts reflecting
               such expenditures;
          (ii) retain, until at least one year after the
               completion of the audit for the Fiscal
               Year in which the last withdrawal from
               the Credit Account was made, all records
               (contracts, orders, invoices, bills,
               receipts and other documents) evidencing
               such expenditures;
         (iii) enable the Association's
               representatives to examine such
               records; and
          (iv) ensure that such records and accounts are
               included in the annual audit referred to
               In paragraph (b) of this Section and that
               the report of such audit contains a
               separate opinion by said auditors as to
               whether the statements of expenditure
               submitted during such fiscal year,
               together with the procedures and Internal
               controls involved In their preparation,
               can be relied upon to support the related
               withdrawals.
                       ARTICLE V
             Effective Date; Termination;
              Cancellation and Suspension
     Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Development Credit
Agreement becomes effective.
     Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations
of the Association and of SAED and CNCAS thereunder shall
terminate on the earlier of the following two dates:
          (i)  the date on which the Development Credit
               Agreement shall terminate in accordance
               with its terms; or
          (ii) the date 20 years after the date of this
               Agreement.
     (b)  If the Development Credit Agreement terminates
in accordance with its terms before the date specified in
paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the Association shall
promptly notify SAED and CNCAS of this event.
     Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue In full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VI
               Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when It
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required
Page  6
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS                  440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA) or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     For SAED:
          Societe Nationale d'Amenagement
               et d'Exploitation des Terres
               du Delta de Fleuve Senegal et
               des Vallees du Fleuve Senegal
               et de la Faleme
          P.O. Box 74
          St. Louis,
          Republique du Senegal
                                   Telex:
                                        715 33-SG
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                                Regional Vice President
                                                 Africa
               SOCIETE NATIONALE D'AMENAGEMENT ET
                    D'EXPLOITATION DES TERRES DU DELTA DU
                    FLEUVE SENEGAL ET DES VALLEES DU
                    FLEUVE SENEGAL ET DE LA FALEME
               By /s/ Falilou Kane
                              Authorized Representative
               CAISSE NATIONALE DE CREDIT AGRICOLE
                    DU SENEGAL
               By /s/ Falilou Kane
                              Authorized Representative
Page  7
                      SCHEDULE 1
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I: Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
1.   Except as provided in Part C hereof, works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I
and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985
(the Guidelines).
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Contractors
     In the procurement of works in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A.1 hereof, SAED may grant
a margin of preference to domestic contractors in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraph
5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Contracts for civil works estimated to cost $100,000
equivalent or less may be awarded on the basis of
competitive bidding advertised locally, in accordance
with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.   Maintenance works for the irrigation network may be
carried out by force account.
3.   Contracts for spare parts, materials and supplies
estimated to cost:
     (a)  more than $20,000 equivalent may be procured
under contracts awarded on the basis of competitive
bidding advertised locally, in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Association; and
     (b)  less than $20,000 equivalent may be procured by
directly negotiated purchase.
Part D:   Review by the Association of Procurement
Decisions
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each contract estimated to cost
the equivalent of $100,000 or more, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract
are to be made out of any of the Special Accounts, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished
to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall
be furnished to the Association prior to the making of
the first payment out of the Special Account in respect
of such contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of any of the Special Accounts, such procedures shall
be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of
the contract together with the other information required
to be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the Association as part
Page  8
of the evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4
of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit Agreement.
     (c)  The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs
(a) and (b) shall not apply to contracts on account of
which the Association has authorized withdrawals from the
Credit Account on the basis of statements of expenditure.
Such contracts shall be retained in accordance with
Section 4.01 (c) (ii) of this Agreement.
2.   The figure of 20% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist SAED in carrying out the Project,
SAED shall employ agricultural, management, agro-
economical, engineering, electricity, mechanical,
auditing, accounting and computer programming consultants
whose qualifications, experience and terms and conditions
of employment shall be satisfactory to the Association.
Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank
as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August
1981.
                      SCHEDULE 2
              Lending Term and Conditions
     CNCAS shall provide agricultural credit under the
Project through its local network and in accordance with
lending terms and conditions set forth in this Schedule.
A.   Purpose
     CNCAS shall make short-term credits (only to the
extent that such operations are eligible for financing at
the standard discount rate) to: (i) GIEs and to village
sections for purchase of agricultural inputs services,
and as advances before harvest; and (ii) suppliers of
goods and services related to agricultural production.
B.   Eligibility
     In order to be eligible to receive a credit, credit
applicants shall meet lending policies established by
CNCAS in agreement with the Association and SAED. Such
policies to include denial of future credits to all
delinquent beneficiaries.
C.   Terms and Conditions
1.   CNCAS shall charge an annual interest rate on each
credit and shall request repayment as provided below:
     (a)  interest at an annual fixed rate equal to at
least the maximum interest rate authorized under the
applicable general conditions issued by the Banque
Centrale des Etats de l'Afrique de l'Quest (currently,
the discount rate plus 5%);
     (b)  repayment in equal installments over a period
of up to 12 months.
2.   Credit beneficiaries shall be required to provide at
least five percent (5%) in cash of the total cost of
goods or services to be financed under the credits.
3.   CNCAS shall have the right:
Page  9
          (i)  to suspend or terminate access by the
               borrowers to the use of the proceeds of
               the credits if the borrowers fail to
               perform any of their obligations under
               the respective agreements without any
               limitation to any legal proceedings that
               CNCAS may initiate to recover any non-
               performing credit;
          (ii) to require that the goods to be financed
               out of the proceeds of the credit be used
               exclusively to carry out the purposes of
               the Project; and
         (iii) to require free access by the
               representatives of CNCAS and of the
               Association to the facilities of
               credit beneficiaries to inspect the
               goods purchased with the proceeds of
               the credit and the farms on which
               they are used.
