Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 1855 SE
             Development Credit Agreement
                (Irrigation IV Project)
                        between
                  REPUBLIC OF SENEGAL
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                   Dated May 5, 1988
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 1855 SE
             DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated May 5, 1988, between REPUBLIC OF
SENEGAL (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association).
     WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as
to the feasibility and priority of the Project described
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has requested the
Association to assist in the financing of the Project;
     (B)  the Project will be carried out by Societe
Nationale d'Amenagement et d'Exploitation des Terres du
Delta du Fleuve Senegal et des Vallees du Fleuve Senegal
et de la Faleme (SAED) and Caisse Nationale de Credit
Agricole du Senegal (CNCAS) with the Borrower's
assistance and, as part of such assistance, the Borrower
will make available to SAED and CNCAS the proceeds of the
Credit as provided in this Agreement; and
     (C)  the Borrower intends to contract from the
Federal Republic of Germany (Kreditanstalt fUr
Wiederaufbau, KfW), Banque Arabe de Developpement
Economique en Afrique (BADEA), the Ministry of
Cooperation of the French Republic (MC) and Caisse
Centrale de Cooperation Economique (CCCE) loans and
grants in a total amount equivalent to approximately
twenty-seven million dollars to assist in financing the
Page  2
Project on the terms and conditions set forth in the
respective loan and grant agreements (the Financing
Agreements) to be entered into between the Borrower and
each of the aforementioned entities.
     WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis,
inter alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the
Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement and in the Project Agreement of even date
herewith between the Association and SAED and CNCAS;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02
deleted (the General Conditions) constitute an integral
part of this Agreement.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions and
in the Preamble to this Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional
terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "Project Agreement" means the agreement among
the Association, SAED and CNCAS of even date herewith, as
the same may be amended from time to time, and such term
includes all schedules and agreements supplemental to the
Project Agreement;
     (b)  "Grant Agreement" means the agreement to be
entered into between the Borrower and SAED pursuant to
Section 3.01 (c) (i) of this Agreement, as the same may
be amended from time to time, and such term includes all
schedules to the Grant Agreement;
     (c)  "Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement
to be entered into between the Borrower and CNCAS
pursuant to Section 3.01 (c) (ii) of this Agreement, as
the same may be amended from time to time, and such term
includes all schedules to the Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
     (d)  "Special Accounts" means the accounts referred
to in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
     (e)  "SAED" means Societe Nationale d'Amenagement et
d'Exploitation des Terres du Delta du Fleuve Senegal et
des Vallees du Fleuve Senegal et de la Faleme, a "Societe
nationale" of the Borrower established pursuant to Law
No. 81-57, dated July 10, 1981;
     (f)  Lettre de Mission" means the contract between
the Borrower and SAED defining SAED's objectives and
policy for the period July 1, 1987 - June 30, 1990, as
well as the Borrower's obligations towards SAED in
pursuit to these objectives;
     (g)  "ISRA" means the Institut Senegalais de
Recherches Agricoles, an Etablissement public a caractere
industriel et commercial of the Borrower established
pursuant to the Borrower's Law No. 74-53, dated November
4, 1974;
     (h)  "CNCAS" means the Caisse Nationale de Credit
Agricole du Senegal, a Societe d'Economie Mixte of the
Borrower established pursuant to Law No. 77-89, dated
Page  3
August 10, 1977;
     (i)  "Protocol" means the agreement referred to in
Section 2.05 of the Project Agreement;
     (j)  "Project Area" means the Senegal River Delta
area in the territory of the Borrower;
     (k)  "CFAF" means the currency of the Borrower and
other members of the West African Monetary Union;
     (l)  "DCSR" means Direction de la Conservation des
Sols et du Reboisement, a directorate within the
Borrower's Ministry of Protection of Nature;
     (m)  "CNAPTI" means Centre National d'Application et
de Perfectionnement aux Techniques de l'Irrigation, a
division of SAED;
     (n)  "DPD" means Direction de la Production et du
Developpement, a division of SAED;
     (o)  "MEU" means Monitoring and Evaluation Unit
referred to in Section 3.07 of this Agreement;
     (p)  "DPA" means Direction de la Planification et
des Amenagements, a division of SAED;
     (q)  "CREDO-SAHEL" means Centre de Recherche et de
Documentation sur le Sahel, a non-governmental
organization, established pursuant to its by-laws of
October 1, 1984;
     (r)  "Subsidiary Grant Agreement" means the
agreement to be entered into between SAED and CREDO-SAHEL
pursuant to Section 2.01 (b) of the Project Agreement, as
the same may be amended from time to time, and such term
includes all schedules to the Subsidiary Grant Agreement;
     (s)  "GIE" means Groupement d'Interet Economique, a
farmers' association established to provide agricultural
inputs and services to their individual members;
     (t)  "Fiscal Year" means the Borrower's fiscal year
which runs from July I to June 30; and
     (u)  "Investment Criteria" means the criteria
detailed in the Investment Guide referred to in Section
3.06 of this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE II
                      The Credit
     Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in this Agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent to twenty-six million two hundred
thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 26,200,000).
     Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be
withdrawn from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for
expenditures made (or, if the Association shall so agree,
to be made) In respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit.
     (b)  The Borrower shall open and maintain in CFAF in
a commercial bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to
the Association two special accounts: the first account
to be in the name of SAED and for the purposes of Parts
Page  4
A, B, D, E, F, G, H and I of the Project (the SAED
Special Account) and the second account to be in the name
of CNCAS and for the purposes of Part C of the Project
(the CNCAS Special Account). Deposits into, and payments
out of, any of the Special Accounts shall be made in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 3 to this
Agreement.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30,
1994 or such later date as the Association shall
establish. The Association shall promptly notify the
Borrower, SAED and CNCAS of such later date.
     Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a commitment charge at the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum on the principal
amount of the Credit not withdrawn from time to time. The
commitment charge shall accrue from a date sixty days
after the date of the Development Credit Agreement to the
respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by
the Borrower from the Credit Account or shall be
cancelled.
     (b)  The commitment charge shall be paid: (I) at
such places as the Association shall reasonably request;
(11) without restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in
the territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency
specified in this Agreement for the purposes of Section
4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other eligible
currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that
Section.
     Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a service charge at the rate of three-fourths
of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal
amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time
to time.
     Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges
shall be payable semiannually on March I and September 1
in each year.
     Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c)
below, the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Credit in semi-annual installments payable on each
March 1 and September 1 commencing March 1, 1998, and
ending September 1, 2027. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on September 1, 2007,
shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and
each installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of
such principal amount.
     (b)  Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national
product per capita, as determined by the Association,
shall have exceeded $790 in constant 1985 dollars for
five consecutive years; and (ii) the Bank shall consider
the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval
thereof by the Executive Directors of the Association and
after due consideration by them of the development of the
Borrower's economy, modify the terms of repayment of
installments under paragraph (a) above by requiring the
Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the
Borrower, the Association may revise such modification to
include, in lieu of some or all of the increase in the
amounts of such installments, the payment of interest at
an annual rate agreed with the Association on the
principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding
from time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the
Page  5
Association, such revision shall not change the grant
element obtained under the abovementioned repayment
modification.
     (c)  If, at any time after a modification of terms
pursuant to paragraph (b) above, the Association
determines that the Borrower's economic condition has
deteriorated significantly, the Association may, if so
requested by the Borrower, further modify the terms of
repayment to conform to the Schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
     Section 2.08. The currency of the French Republic is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the
General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE III
               Execution of the Project
     Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and, to this end, without
any limitation or restriction upon any of its other
obligations under the Development Credit Agreement, shall
cause SAED and CNCAS to perform in accordance with the
provisions of the Project Agreement all their respective
obligations therein set forth, shall take and cause to be
taken all action, including the provision of funds,
facilities, services and other resources, necessary or
appropriate to enable SAED and CNCAS to perform such
obligations, and shall not take or permit to be taken any
action which would prevent or interfere with such
performance.
     (b)   Without any limitation to the provisions of
paragraph (a) above, the Borrower shall, during each
Fiscal Year the Project is executed: (i) make sufficient
budgetary allocations on the basis of the Lettre de
Mission to cover the cost of public service activities
carried out by SAED; and (ii) provide SAED, on a regular
basis, with the necessary funds required for such
activities.
     (c)  The Borrower shall:
          (i)  make the proceeds of the Credit, which
               may from time to time be allocated to
               Categories (1) through (4) of the table
               set forth in Schedule I to this
               Agreement, available to SAED under a
               Grant Agreement to be entered into
               between the Borrower and SAED, under
               terms and conditions which shall have
               been approved by the Association; and
          (ii) relend the proceeds of the Credit, which
               may from time to time be allocated to
               Category (5) of the table mentioned
               above, to CNCAS under a Subsidiary Loan
               Agreement to be entered into between the
               Borrower and CNCAS, under terms and
               conditions which shall have been approved
               by the Association and shall include: an
               interest rate of two percent (2%) per
               annum; a 30-year repayment period and the
               Borrower shall bear the foreign exchange
               risk on such on-lending.
     (d)  The Borrower shall exercise its rights under
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement in such manner as to
protect the interests of the Borrower and the Association
Page  6
and to accomplish the purposes of the Credit and, except
as the Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower
shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive the Subsidiary
Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
     (e)  The Borrower shall take all steps necessary to
cause ISRA and DCSR to cooperate with SAED in carrying
out Parts G and H of the Project.
     Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods, works and
consultants' services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Project
Agreement.
     Section 3.03. The Borrower and the Association
hereby agree that the obligations set forth in Sections
9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) shall be
carried out by SAED and CNCAS pursuant to Section 2.03 of
the Project Agreement.
     Section 3.04. The Borrower shall: (a) promptly
implement the action plan for the disengagement of SAED
from production-related activities as provided in the
Lettre de Mission;
     (b)  not later than September 30, 1988, furnish to
the Association, for its review and comment, a report of
progress achieved in the implementation of the
disengagement plan referred to in paragraph (a) of this
Section; and
     (c)  not later than September 30, 1990, furnish to
the Association, a report of progress achieved in the
implementation of the Project.
     Section 3.05. For the purposes of assisting in
coordinating the implementation of the Project by SAED
and CNCAS, the Borrower shall cause SAED to maintain at
all times a Project Chief with qualifications and
experience acceptable to the Association.
     Section 3.06. The Borrower shall:
     (a)  by March 31, 1989, or any other date agreed
upon with the Association, publish an Investment Guide,
consistent with the principles set forth in the
Borrower's Letter of Development Policy, dated April 16,
1987, for appraising and implementing new irrigation
investment proposals in the Senegal River region; and
     (b)  ensure that SAED undertakes only irrigation
projects which are technically, economically and
financially justified in accordance with the provisions
of the Investment Guide referred to in paragraph (a)
above.
     Section 3.07. For the purposes of Part E.2 of the
Project, the Borrower shall cause SAED to maintain MEU at
all times with facilities, staff and other resources
needed to discharge its responsibilities under the
Project.
     Section 3.08. The Borrower shall take all measures
required on its part to enable SAED and CNCAS to
implement the recommendations resulting from the reviews
referred to in Sections 2.10 and 2.11 (c), respectively,
of the Project Agreement.
Page  7
                      ARTICLE IV
              Remedies of the Association
     Section 4.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  SAED and CNCAS shall have failed to perform any
of their obligations under the Project Agreement;
     (b)  as a result of events which have occurred after
the date of the Development Credit Agreement, an
extraordinary situation shall have arisen which shall
make It improbable that SAED and CNCAS will be able to
perform their obligations under the Project Agreement;
     (c)  Law No. 81-57 of July 10, 1981, and Law No. 77-
89 of August 10, 1977, of the Borrower shall have been
amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as
to affect materially and adversely the ability of SAED
and CNCAS to perform any of their obligations under the
Project Agreement;
     (d)  the Borrower or any other authority having
jurisdiction shall have taken any action for the
dissolution or disestablishment of SAED and CNCAS or for
the suspension of their operations;
     (e)  (i)  subject to subparagraph (ii) of this
               paragraph:
               (A)  the right of the Borrower to
                    withdraw the proceeds of any grant
                    or loan made to the Borrower for the
                    financing of the Project shall have
                    been suspended, cancelled or
                    terminated in whole or in part,
                    pursuant to the terms of the
                    respective Financing Agreement
                    providing therefor; or
               (B)  any such loan shall have become due
                    and payable prior to the agreed
                    maturity thereof;
          (ii) subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall
               not apply if the Borrower establishes to
               the satisfaction of the Association that:
               (A)  such suspension, cancellation,
                    termination or prematuring is not
                    caused by the failure of the
                    Borrower to perform any of its
                    obligations under such agreement;
                    and
               (B)  adequate funds for the Project are
                    available to the Borrower from other
                    sources on terms and conditions
                    consistent with the obligations of
                    the Borrower under this Agreement;
     (f)  the Borrower or SAED, as the case may be, shall
have failed to perform any of their respective
obligations under the Lettre de Mission; and
     (g)  the Lettre de Mission shall have been amended
without prior consultation with the Association.
     Section 4.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the
Page  8
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  the events specified in paragraphs (a) or (f)
or (g) of Section 4.01 of this Agreement shall occur and
shall continue for a period of sixty days after notice
thereof shall have been given by the Association to the
Borrower;
     (b)  the events specified in paragraphs (c), or (d)
of Section 4.01 of this Agreement shall occur; and
     (c)  any events specified in paragraph (e)(i) B of
Section 4.01 of this Agreement shall occur, subject to
the proviso of paragraph (e)(ii) of that Section.
                       ARTICLE V
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 5.01. The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of the
Development Credit Agreement within the meaning of
Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
     (a)  the Grant Agreement has been executed on behalf
of the Borrower and SAED;
     (b)  the Subsidiary Grant Agreement referred to in
Section 2.01 (b) of the Project Agreement between SAED
and CREDO-SAHEL has been executed on behalf of the
parties thereto;
     (c)  the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been executed
on behalf of the Borrower and CNCAS;
     (d)  the Lettre de Mission has been duly signed by
the
parties thereto;
     (e)  SAED shall have selected the Project Chief
referred to in Section 3.05 of this Agreement;
     (f)  a standard contract among SAED, GIEs and
village sections for the services to be provided by SAED
in return for maintenance of infrastructure by such GIEs
and village sections has been prepared; and
     (g)  all conditions precedent to initial
disbursement under the respective Financing Agreements,
except for the KfW Financing Agreement and save for the
effectiveness of this Agreement, have been fulfilled.
     Section 5.02. The following are specified as
additional matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02
(b) of the General Conditions, to be included in the
opinion or opinions to be furnished to the Association:
     (a)  that the Project Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by SAED and CNCAS and is legally
binding upon SAED and CNCAS in accordance with Its terms;
     (b)  that the Grant Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by the Borrower and SAED and is
legally binding upon the Borrower and SAED in accordance
with its terms; and
     (c)  that the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been
duly authorized or ratified by the Borrower and CNCAS and
is legally binding upon the Borrower and CNCAS in
accordance with its terms.
Page  9
     Section 5.03. The date ninety (90) days after the
date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the
purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VI
      Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 6.01. The Minister of the Borrower
responsible for Finance is designated as representative
of the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the
General Conditions.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               REPUBLIC OF SENEGAL
               By /s/ Falilou Kane
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                                Regional Vice President
                                                 Africa
                      SCHEDULE 1
       Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the
allocation of the amounts of the Credit to each Category
and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                       Amount of the
                     Credit Allocated      % of
                       (Expressed in   Expenditures
   Category           SDR Equivalent) to be Financed
(1)    Civil works
   (a) Boundoum         5,400,000    44%
       perimeter
   (b) Dagana A and B   4,700,000    60%
       perimeter
(2)    Equipment and      700,000   100%
   spare parts
(3)    Operating Costs  3,600,000    45%
   of SAED
(4)    Consultants and  1,400,000   100%
   Studies
(5)    (a)             Short-term7,000,00085%
       Credit
Page  10
   (b) Operating          400,000    85%
       costs of
       CNCAS
(6)    Unallocated      3,000,000
   TOTAL               26,200,000
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule, the term
"Operating Costs" includes local staff salaries for posts
approved by the Association, operating and maintenance
costs for vehicles, equipment, irrigation infrastructure,
buildings, office supplies and training materials.
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
     (a)  payments made for expenditures prior to the
date of this Agreement;
     (b)  Categories (2) and (3), for the execution of
Parts H and I of the Project, until the Association has
received evidence satisfactory to it that: (i) SAED and
DCSR have signed an agreement acceptable to the
Association defining their respective responsibilities in
carrying out Part H of the Project; and (ii) SAED and
CREDO-SAHEL have signed an agreement acceptable to the
Association defining their respective responsibilities in
carrying out Part I of the Project;
     (c)  Category (1) (a), until the Association has
received evidence satisfactory to it that the KfW
Financing Agreement has become effective; and
     (d)  Category (5), after July 31 of each year, until
the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the recommendations of the review referred to in
Section 2.11 (c) of the Project Agreement have been fully
implemented.
                      SCHEDULE 2
              Description of the Project
     The objective of the Project is to promote
sustainable irrigation development in the Project Area.
     The Project consists of the following parts, subject
to such modifications thereof as the Borrower and the
Association may agree upon from time to time to achieve
such objectives:
Part A:   Modernization of Irrigation Infrastructure
     Civil works in the Boundoum, Thiagar and Dagana A
and B perimeters in the Project Area for:
1.   the modernization and construction of main
irrigation canals, drains and related primary and access
roads; and
2.   the renovation of pumping stations for irrigation
and drainage systems.
Part B:   Training
1.   Strengthening CNAPTI and DPD's organization and
management capabilities.
2.   Training of:
Page  11
     (a)  CNAPTI's trainers in management, organization
and field literacy techniques;
     (b)  DPD staff in the delivery of extension
services; and
     (c)  SAED staff in management and accounting
techniques.
3.   Provision of extension services to farmers and
private enterprises in the Project Area.
Part C:   Credit
     Provision of short-term credit to farmers in the
Project Area for the purchase of agricultural inputs and
services.
Part D:   Equipment and Spare Parts
     Acquisition of equipment and spare parts for large
and small pumping stations to be supplied to GlEs.
Part E:   Strengthening of SAED's Operational Structures
1.   Strengthening SAED'S:
     (a)  planning and programming departments;
     (b)  water management unit;
     (c)  financial department;
     (d)  computer department; and
     (e)  training service (CNAPTI) and DPA.
2.   Establishment of MEU.
Part F:   Studies
     Carrying out studies on:
     (a)  marketing and diversification of cropping
patterns and conditions for new forms of irrigation
farming; and
     (b)  basic infrastructure for the development of new
perimeters, including main irrigation and drainage canals
in the Project Area.
Part G:   Research
     Implementation of applied research programs on
double-cropping, crop diversification, seed production,
modernization of agricultural machinery, livestock
development and organic fertilization.
Part H:   Reforestation
     Establishment of tree plantations in uncultivated
soils or along drains within the irrigated perimeters.
Part I:   Health
1.   Disease control and reduction through development of
a health indicator system, research on and implementation
of preventive health measures, and logistical support to
local health institutions.
2.   Promotion of pesticide safety techniques to prevent
health hazards.
Page  12
                       *   *   *
     The Project is expected to be completed by December
31, 1993.
                      SCHEDULE 3
                   Special Accounts
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule::
     (a)  the term "Eligible Categories" means: (i) in
respect of the SAED Special Account, Categories (1)
through (4) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and (ii) in respect of the
CNCAS Special Account, Category (5) set forth in said
table;
     (b)  the term "Eligible Expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit allocated from time to
time to the Eligible Categories in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule I to this Agreement; and
     (c)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an
amount to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited in each of the Special Accounts pursuant to
paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule, equivalent in the case
of the SAED Special Account to CFAF 1,000,000,000; and in
the case of the CNCAS Special Account to CFAF
350,000,000.
2.   Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
payments out of any Special Account shall be made
exclusively for Eligible Expenditures in accordance with
the provisions of this Schedule.
3.   After the Association has received evidence
satisfactory to it that a Special Account has been duly
opened, withdrawal of the corresponding Authorized
Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account may be made as follows:
     (a)  On the basis of a request or requests by the
Borrower for a deposit or deposits which add up to the
aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation concerned,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into such
Special Account such amount or amounts as the Borrower
shall have requested.
     (b)  The Borrower shall furnish to the Association
requests for replenishment of such Special Account at
such intervals as the Association shall specify. on the
basis of such requests, the Association shall withdraw
from the Credit Account and deposit into such Special
Account such amounts as shall be required to replenish
the Special Account with amounts not exceeding the amount
of payments made out of the Special Account for Eligible
Expenditures. All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the
Association from the Credit Account under the respective
Eligible Categories, and in the respective equivalent
amounts, as shall have been justified by the evidence
supporting the request for such deposit furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of any
Special Account for which the Borrower requests
replenishment pursuant to paragraph 3 (b) of this
Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association,
Page  13
prior to or at the time of such request, such documents
and other evidence as the Association shall reasonably
request, showing that such payment was made for Eligible
Expenditures.
5.   (a)  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3
of this Schedule, no further deposit into any Special
Account shall be made by the Association when either of
the following situations first arises:
          (i)  the Association shall have determined
               that all further withdrawals should be
               made directly by the Borrower from the
               Credit Account in accordance with the
               provisions of Article V of the General
               Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section
               2.02 of this Agreement; or
          (ii) the total unwithdrawn amount of the
               Credit allocated to the Eligible
               Categories, minus the amount of any
               outstanding special commitment entered
               into by the Association pursuant to
               Section 5.02 of the General Conditions
               with respect to the Project, shall be
               equal to the equivalent of twice the
               amount of the respective Authorized
               Allocation.
     (b)  Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account
of the remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the Eligible Categories shall follow such
procedures as the Association shall specify by notice to
the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made oily
after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit
in any Special Account as of the date of such notice will
be utilized in making payments for Eligible Expenditures.
6.   (a)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any payment out of a Special Account: (i) was
made for any expenditure or in any amount not eligible
pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule; or (ii) was not
justified by the evidence furnished pursuant to paragraph
4 of this Schedule, the Borrower shall, promptly upon
notice from the Association, deposit into said Special
Account (or, if the Association shall so request, refund
to the Association) an amount equal to the amount of such
payment or the portion thereof not so eligible or
justified. No further deposit by the Association into any
of the Special Accounts shall be made until the Borrower
has made such deposit or refund.
     (b)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any amount outstanding in a Special Account
will not be required to cover further payments for
Eligible Expenditures, the Borrower shall, promptly upon
notice from the Association, refund to the Association
such outstanding amount for crediting to the Credit
Account.
