Page  1
CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2330 TA
       (Power Engineering and Technical Assistance Project)
                              between
                    UNITED REPUBLIC OF TANZANIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                       Dated March 18, 1992
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2330 TA
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated March 18, 1992, between UNITED REPUBLIC OF
TANZANIA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Project will be carried out by Tanzania Electric
Supply Company Limited (TANESCO) with the Borrower's assistance and,
as part of such assistance, the Borrower will make available to
TANESCO the proceeds of the Credit as provided in this Agreement;
and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Project
Agreement of even date herewith between the Association and TANESCO;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (b)   "TANESCO" means Tanzania Electric Supply Company
Limited, a company registered under the laws of the Borrower;
      (c)   "Project Agreement" means the agreement between the
Association and TANESCO, of even date herewith, as the same may be
amended from time to time, and such term includes all schedules and
agreements supplemental to the Project Agreement;
      (d)   "Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement to be
entered into between the Borrower and TANESCO pursuant to Sec-
tion 3.01 (b) of this Agreement, as the same may be amended from
time to time, and such term includes all schedules to the Subsidiary
Loan Agreement; and
      (e)   "FY" means TANESCO's fiscal year commencing January 1
and ending to December 31.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in this
Agreement, an amount in various currencies equivalent to seven
million five hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR
7,500,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in U.S.Dollars a special deposit account in its
Central Bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Associa-
tion, including appropriate protection against set-off, seizure or
attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account
shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 3 to
this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1995, or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
Page  3
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restric-
tions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower;
and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for the
purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other
eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one per cent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on February 15 and August 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each February 15 and August 15
commencing February 15, 2002, and ending August 15, 2031. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on August 15,
2011, shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due considera-
tion by them of the development of the Borrower's economy, modify
the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the Credit
shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United Kingdom of Great
Britain and Northern Ireland is hereby specified for the purposes of
Section 4.02 of the General Conditions.
      Section 2.09. TANESCO is designated as representative of the
Borrower for the purposes of taking any action required or permitted
to be taken under the provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement
and Article V of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
Page  4
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and, to this end, without any limitation or restriction
upon any of its other obligations under this Agreement, shall cause
TANESCO to perform in accordance with the provisions of the Project
Agreement all the obligations of TANESCO therein set forth, shall
take or cause to be taken all action, including the provision of
funds, facilities, services and other resources, necessary or
appropriate to enable TANESCO to perform such obligations, and shall
not take or permit to be taken any action which would prevent or
interfere with such performance.
      (b)   The Borrower shall relend the proceeds of the Credit to
TANESCO under a Subsidiary Loan Agreement to be entered into between
the Borrower and TANESCO, under terms and conditions which shall
have been approved by the Association which shall provide, inter
alia, that: (i) the proceeds of the Credit shall be relent at an
interest rate of 7.73% per annum for a term of eighteen years
including a grace period not exceeding three years; and (ii) TANESCO
shall bear the risk resulting from fluctuations in the value of the
currencies relent to it.
      (c)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement in such manner as to protect the interests
of the Borrower and the Association, and to accomplish the purposes
of the Credit and, except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
the Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of the Schedule to the Project
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower and the Association hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03 through 9.08 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and ser-
vices, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and
land acquisition, respectively) shall be carried out by TANESCO
pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Project Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower and the Association shall, from
time to time, at the request of either party, exchange views with
regard to the Borrower's electricity pricing policies and its plans
in respect of the overall development of the power sector.
      (b)   The Borrower agrees, as long as it exercises control
over the setting of prices of TANESCO, to establish prices for
electricity sold by TANESCO which would allow TANESCO, under
conditions of efficient operation at reasonable levels of capacity
utilization, to cover its operating costs including taxes, earn an
adequate return on funds invested in it, meet its financial
obligations and make a reasonable contribution to future investment
for expansion of capacity.
      (c)   The Borrower shall approve average tariff increases of
at least 15% with effect from January 1992, and from July 1992,
respectively.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   TANESCO shall have failed to perform any of its
Page  5
obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (b)   As a result of events which have occurred after the date
of this Agreement, an extraordinary situation shall have arisen
which shall make it improbable that TANESCO will be able to perform
its obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (c)   The Electricity (Tanganyika Electric Supply Company
Limited) License, 1957, shall have been amended, suspended,
abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially and
adversely the ability of TANESCO to perform any of its obligations
under the Project Agreement.
      (d)   The Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment
of TANESCO or for the suspension of its operations.
      (e)   A change shall have been made in TANESCO's Memorandum or
Articles of Association which will adversely affect the operation or
financial conditions of TANESCO or the carrying out of the Project.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely that
any event specified in paragraphs (a), (c), (d) and (e) of Sec-
tion 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a
period of 60 days after notice thereof shall have been given by the
Association to the Borrower.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following event is specified as an
additional condition to the effectiveness of this Agreement within
the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions, namely,
that the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been executed on behalf of
the Borrower and TANESCO.
      Section 6.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association that:
      (a)   the Project Agreement has been duly authorized or
ratified by TANESCO, and is legally binding upon TANESCO in
accordance with its terms; and
      (b)   the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been duly authorized
or ratified by the Borrower and TANESCO, and is legally binding upon
the Borrower and TANESCO in accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 of this
Agreement, the Minister of the Borrower at the time responsible for
Finance is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Finance
            P.O. Box 9111
            Dar es Salaam
Page  6
            United Republic of Tanzania
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   TREASURY                  41329
                   Dar es Salaam
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         UNITED REPUBLIC OF TANZANIA
                         By /s/ Charles M. Nyirabu
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                         By /s/ Stephen Denning
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1)  Vehicles, and                              100% of foreign
     equipment for:                             expenditures
     (a) Part B of               950,000
         the Project
     (b) Parts A, C.1            650,000
         and C.3 of
         the Project
(2)  Consultant's                               100% of foreign
     Services for:                              expenditures
Page  7
     (a) Part A of             3,250,000
         the Project
     (b) Parts B, C.3          1,800,000
         and D of the
         Project
(3)  Training                    100,000        100% of foreign
                                                expenditures
(4)  Unallocated                 750,000
                              __________
                               7,500,000
         TOTAL                ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule, the term "foreign expendi-
tures" means expenditures in the currency of any country other than
that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from the
territory of any country other than that of the Borrower.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for expendi-
tures prior to the date of this Agreement.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to: (i) assist in the design
of the least-cost generation project in the power sector in
Tanzania; and (ii) strengthen TANESCO institutionally and
financially.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Detailed Design
      Carrying out the detailed design including site investiga-
tions, and preparation of bid documents for the Lower Kihansi
Hydroelectric Scheme.
Part B:     Billing and Accounting
      Implementing new billing and accounting procedures for TANESCO
and the acquisition of computer hardware and software, equipment and
vehicles.
Part C:     Training and Institutional Support
1.    Construction of a training center.
2.    Local and overseas training for TANESCO staff in computer
skills, finance, commerce and accounting.
3.    Strengthening of TANESCO's Finance Directorate.
Part D:     Environmental Update
      Consolidation and presentation of environmental work on the
proposed Project.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1994.
                            SCHEDULE 3
                          Special Account
Page  8
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
through (3) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $500,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   requests for deposits into the Special Account
                   at such intervals as the Association shall
                   specify.
            (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   the documents and other evidence required
                   pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the
                   payment or payments in respect of which replen-
                   ishment is requested. On the basis of each such
                   request, the Association shall, on behalf of the
                   Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account and
                   deposit into the Special Account such amount as
                   the Borrower shall have requested and as shall
                   have been shown by said documents and other
                   evidence to have been paid out of the Special
                   Account for eligible expenditures.
      All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from
the Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in
the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by
said documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Page  9
Article V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section
2.02 of this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible Categor-
ies shall follow such procedures as the Association shall specify by
notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only
after and to the extent that the Association shall have been
satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special
Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in making
payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request, or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to para-
graph 6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the
Credit Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in
accordance with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including
the General Conditions.
