Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2330 TA
       (Power Engineering and Technical Assistance Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
             TANZANIA ELECTRIC SUPPLY COMPANY LIMITED
                       Dated March 13, 1992
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2330 TA
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated March 18, 1992, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and TANZANIA ELECTRIC
SUPPLY COMPANY (TANESCO).
      WHEREAS by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between United Republic of Tanzania (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to seven million
five hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 7,500,000), on the
terms and conditions set forth in the Development Credit Agreement,
but only on condition that TANESCO agrees to undertake such
obligations toward the Association as are set forth in this
Agreement; and
      WHEREAS TANESCO, in consideration of the Association's
entering into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower,
has agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
Page  2
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement and in the
General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings
therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. TANESCO declares its commitment to the objec-
tives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Development
Credit Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out the Project with
due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering and public utility practices,
and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for the
Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of the Schedule to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.03. TANESCO shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.03 through 9.08 of the General Conditions
(relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and
schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land acquisition,
respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement.
      Section 2.04. TANESCO shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, TANESCO shall not take or concur in any action
which would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or
waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) TANESCO shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of the Project, the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other
matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   TANESCO shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Credit, or the performance by TANESCO of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
               Management and Operations of TANESCO
      Section 3.01. TANESCO shall carry on its operations and
conduct its affairs in accordance with sound administrative,
financial and public utility practices under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. TANESCO shall at all times operate and maintain
its plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
engineering practices.
      Section 3.03. TANESCO shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Association for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as
shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
Page  3
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) TANESCO shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   TANESCO shall:
            (i)    have its records, accounts and financial
                   statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                   and expenses and related statements) and those
                   for the Special Account for each fiscal year
                   audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                   principles consistently applied, by independent
                   auditors acceptable to the Association;
            (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                   but in any case not later than fourteen months
                   after the end of FY 1990, ten months after the
                   end of FY 1991, and six months after the end of
                   FY 1992 and thereafter (A) certified copies of
                   its financial statements for such year as so
                   audited, and (B) the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Association shall have reasonably
                   requested; and
            (iii)  furnish to the Association such other
                   information concerning said records, accounts
                   and financial statements as well as the audit
                   thereof, as the Association shall from time to
                   time reasonably request.
      Section 4.02. TANESCO shall implement an average tariff
increase of at least 15% effective January 1992 and July 1992,
respectively.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of TANESCO thereunder shall terminate on the earlier
of the following two dates:
            (i)    the date on which the Development Credit
                   Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
                   terms; or
            (ii)   the date eighteen years after the date of this
                   Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify TANESCO
of this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
Page  4
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      For TANESCO:
            Tanzania Electric Supply Company Limited
            P.O. Box 9024
            Dar-es-Salaam
            United Republic of Tanzania
            Cable address:                 Telex:
            TANESCO                          41318
            Dar-es-Salaam
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of TANESCO, or by TANESCO on behalf of the
Borrower under the Development Credit Agreement, may be taken or
executed by the Managing Director or such other person or persons as
the Managing Director shall designate in writing, and TANESCO shall
furnish to the Association sufficient evidence of the authority and
the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all collec-
tively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                             INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                             By /s/ Stephen Denning
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                             TANZANIA ELECTRIC SUPPLY COMPANY
                               LIMITED
Page  5
                             By /s/ Charles M. Nyirabu
                                         Authorized Representative
                             SCHEDULE
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:   Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part B hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for vehicles and
equipment shall be grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the
equivalent of $100,000 or more.
Part B:     Other Procurement Procedures
      Vehicles and equipment up to an aggregate amount not to exceed
the equivalent of $2,000,000 may be procured under contracts awarded
on the basis of comparison of price quotations obtained from at
least three suppliers from at least two different countries,
eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures
acceptable to the Association.
Part C:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $100,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract, required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d), shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of the
Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to the Development Credit
Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II: Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist TANESCO in carrying out the Project,
TANESCO shall employ consultants whose qualifications, experience
Page  6
and terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Association. Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association on the
basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank
Borrowers and by The World Bank as Executing Agency" published by
the Bank in August 1981.
