Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2267 TA
                 (Railways Restructuring Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
                   TANZANIA RAILWAYS CORPORATION
                      Dated September 3, 1991
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2267 TA
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated September 3, 1991, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and TANZANIA RAILWAYS
CORPORATION (TRC).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between United Republic of Tanzania (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to fifty-six
million one hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 56,100,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition that TRC agree
to undertake such obligations toward the Association as are set
forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and TRC, the proceeds of the credit provided
for under the Development Credit Agreement will be relent to TRC on
the terms and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan
Agreement; and
      WHEREAS TRC, in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
Page  2
to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement and in the
General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings
therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) TRC declares its commitment to the objec-
tives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Development
Credit Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out the Project with
due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering and railway practices, and
the provisions of the Ministerial Directive and MOU and shall
provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Association and TRC shall other-
wise agree, TRC shall carry out the Project in accordance with the
Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. TRC shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.03 through 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to
insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records
and reports, maintenance and land acquisi- tion, respectively) in
respect of the Project Agreement.
      Section 2.04. TRC shall duly perform all its obligations under
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, TRC shall not take or concur in any action which
would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) TRC shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of the Project, the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other
matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   TRC shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Credit, or the performance by TRC of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                 Management and Operations of TRC
      Section 3.01. TRC shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial and
railway practices under the supervision of qualified and experienced
management assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. TRC shall at all times operate and maintain its
plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
Page  3
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
railway practices.
      Section 3.03. TRC shall take out and maintain with responsible
insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the Association
for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be
consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) TRC shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   TRC shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                  and expenses and related statements) for each
                  fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year (A) certified copies of
                  its financial statements for such year as so
                  audited, and (B) the report of such audit by said
                  auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Association shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
      Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, TRC shall earn a return of not less than 15% on its total
capital employed in the previous Fiscal Year for its Fiscal Years
1992, 1993 and 1994. For each Fiscal Year thereafter, TRC shall earn
a return of not less than 20% on its total capital employed in the
previous fiscal year.
      (b)   Before March 31 in each of its Fiscal Years, TRC shall,
on the basis of forecasts prepared by TRC and satisfactory to the
Association, review whether it would meet the requirements set forth
in paragraph (a) in respect of such Fiscal Year and the next
following Fiscal Year and shall furnish to the Association the
results of such review upon its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that TRC would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for TRC's Fiscal Year
covered by such review, TRC shall promptly take all necessary
measures (including, without limitation, adjustments of the
structure or levels of its rates) in order to meet such
requirements.
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
           (i)    The annual return shall be calculated by dividing
                  TRC's net operating income for the Fiscal Year in
                  question by the amount of TRC's total capital
                  employed at the end of the previous Fiscal Year.
          (ii)    The term "net operating income" means total
                  operating revenues less total operating expenses.
         (iii)    The term "total operating revenues" means
                  revenues from all sources related to operations.
Page  4
          (iv)    The term "total operating expenses" means all
                  expenses related to operations, including
                  administration, adequate maintenance, taxes and
                  payments in lieu of taxes, other than taxes on
                  income, and provision for depreciation consistent
                  with TRC's current accounting policies, but
                  excluding interest and other charges on debt and
                  amortization of foreign exchanges losses.
           (v)    The term "total capital employed" means the sum
                  of the value of all outstanding TRC's loans, bank
                  overdrafts and the value of TRC's capital account
                  at the end of the Fiscal Year prior to the fiscal
                  year in question.
          (vi)    The term "capital account" means the sum of loan
                  principal capitalized, interest on capital
                  outlay, excess of loan and sinking fund
                  repayments over depreciation, losses or profits
                  arising from disposal of assets, deficits charged
                  against capital, currency losses charged to
                  capital in accordance with TRC's accounting
                  policy, and any other financing contribution to
                  TRC by the Borrower other than in the form of
                  debt.
      Section 4.03. TRC shall, until completion of the Project,  not
undertake any investments beyond those included in its Investment
Plan estimated to cost in the aggregate in any given fiscal year,
more than the equivalent of two million dollars ($2,000,000),
without the prior consultation with the Association.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of TRC thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of
the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                  Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
                  terms; or
           (ii)   the date 20 years after the date of this
                  Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify TRC of
this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
Page  5
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      For TRC:
            Tanzania Railways Corporation
            P.O. Box 468
            Dar es Salaam
            Tanzania
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  RAILWAYS                  41308
                  Dar es Salaam
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of TRC, or by TRC on behalf of the Borrower
under the Development Credit Agreement, may be taken or executed by
Director General or such other person or persons as Director General
shall designate in writing, and TRC shall furnish to the Association
sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                             INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                              By /s/ Stephen Denning
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                              TANZANIA RAILWAYS CORPORATION
                              By /s/ Charles Nyirabu
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Page  6
Section I:   Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Goods and works shall be procured under contracts awarded in
accordance with procedures consistent with those set forth in
Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985 (the
Guidelines).
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for sleepers and
fasteners shall be grouped into bid packages.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in Tanzania may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Preference for Domestic Contractors
      In the procurement of works in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, TRC may grant a margin of preference
to domestic contractors in accordance with, and subject to, the
provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraph 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $400,000 procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to
said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Association prior to
the making of the first payment out of the Special Account in
respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to the Development Credit
Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Association has
authorized withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist TRC in carrying out the Project, TRC shall
employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms and
conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the Association.
Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the
"Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and
by The World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in
August 1981.
Page  7
                            SCHEDULE 2
                      Implementation Program
1.    TRC shall establish a special office to plan, coordinate and
monitor rehabilitation and other physical investment tasks under the
Project, and which shall assist TRC to establish scheduling and
monitoring systems, procedures for selecting contractors and provide
on the job training to selected TRC staff.
2.    TRC shall implement its Operations Improvement Plan, in a
manner satisfactory to the Association, in three phases as follows:
      (a)   Phase 1 shall include elimination of congestion in
yards, improvement of wagon availability and improvement in
utilization of operating assets.
      (b)   Phase 2 shall comprise actions to consolidate gains in
Phase 1, including studies to review maintenance and train operation
practices and recommendations on specific changes and improvements
to such operations.
      (c)   Phase 3 shall focus on improvements in the planning and
control of maintenance activities.
3.    TRC shall, by December 31, 1992, have: (a) leased out its
hotels and franchised the catering services on its trains; and (b)
completed the transfer of operational, managerial and financial
responsibility for its roads services to an independent operator.
4.    TRC shall annually review with the Association: (i) the
rehabilitation program for locomotives to ensure that it conforms to
traffic prospects; (ii) the management development program and
implement changes resulting from such review; and (iii) the program
for supervisory level staff development and support and implement
changes resulting from such review.
5.    TRC shall: (a) review annually by October 31 with the
Association, the adequacy of the amounts allocated in its Investment
Plan for the Fiscal Years included in such Plan, ensuring that all
items included in such plan are subject to a prior economic and
financial evaluation; and
      (b)   make revisions in the amounts allocated in such Plan for
any fiscal year and for subsequent years, if necessary, having due
regard to revisions agreed during the review referred to in
paragraph (a) of this Section.
6.    TRC shall: (a) annually by not later than November 30, furnish
to the Association for its review and comments, a plan for scrapping
of wagons for the following Fiscal Year; and (b) implement such plan
during the following Fiscal Year, taking into account the
Association's comments.
7.     TRC shall contract out the operation and management of the
quarry to be established under Part A.2 of the Project.
8.    TRC shall: (a) maintain its accounts receivable at a level no
greater than 45 days of annual revenues until completion of the
Project; and (b) semi-annually furnish to the Association an aged-
analysis of its accounts receivable.
9.    TRC shall, by January 31, 1992, prepare a plan of action
satisfactory to the Association for the commercial use of its land.
10.   TRC shall, by January 31, 1992, introduce its new corporation-
wide incentives scheme and salary structure.
11.   TRC shall, by December 31, 1993, carry out with the Borrower
and the Association a mid-term review of Project implementation.
Prior to such review TRC shall prepare a report highlighting, inter
Page  8
alia, compliance with operating performance targets, financial
targets, implementation of the provisions of the MOU, physical
Project implementation and institutional development. Promptly
thereafter TRC shall implement the recommendations of the review.
12.   TRC shall by January 31, 1992, prepare and commence
implementation of a staff reduction plan satisfactory to the
Association.
13.   TRC shall by January 31, 1992, prepare and furnish to the
Association for its review its training plan and strategy.c
