Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2195 LSO
       (Industrial and Agro-Industries Development Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
                      CENTRAL BANK OF LESOTHO
                      Dated February 4, 1991
                                           CREDIT NUMBER 2195 LSO
                  CENTRAL BANK PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated February 4, 1991, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and CENTRAL BANK OF
LESOTHO (the Central Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between Kingdom of Lesotho (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to fifteen
million one hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 15,100,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition that the Central
Bank agree to undertake such obligations toward the Association as
are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement entered into between the
Borrower and the Central Bank, the proceeds of the Credit provided
for under the Development Credit Agreement will be relent to the
Central Bank on the terms and conditions set forth in said Sub-
sidiary Loan Agreement; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS the Central Bank, in consideration of the
Association's entering into the Development Credit Agreement with
the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in
this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement and in the
General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings
therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. The Central Bank declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Deve-
lopment Credit Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out and cause
the Participating Banks to carry out Part A.1 of the Project
described in said Schedule, and in accordance with the Schedules to
this Agreement with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity
with appropriate administrative, financial, investment and banking
practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as
needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for Part A.1 of the Project.
      Section 2.02. (a) The Central Bank shall execute Participat-
ing Bank Agreements with each Participating Bank, pursuant to Sec-
tion 3.01 (b) of the Development Credit Agreement, to enable
Participating Banks to make Sub-loans to Investment Enterprises for
Investment Projects as provided in Part A.1 of the Project described
in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit Agreement. The terms and
conditions of the Participating Bank Agreements shall be approved by
the Association and shall conform to the terms and conditions
stipulated in Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      (b)   No withdrawals shall be made by a Participating Bank
from the Credit Account unless: (i) the appropriate Participating
Bank Agreement has been duly executed on behalf of the Central Bank
and the Participating Bank; and (ii) said Participating Bank
Agreement has been approved by the Association.
      (c)   Without prejudice to the provisions of paragraph (a) of
Section 2.06 of this Agreement, no withdrawals shall be made by a
Participating Bank from the Credit Account pursuant to para-
graph 3 (c) of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement,
unless such Participating Bank shall have submitted to, and obtained
the approval of, the Association of the first three appraisal
reports prepared by said Participating Bank for Investment Projects.
      Section 2.03. (a) The Central Bank undertakes that, unless the
Association shall otherwise agree, any Sub-loan will be made on
terms whereby the Central Bank shall cause the appropriate
Participating Bank to obtain, by written agreement or other
appropriate legal means, rights adequate to protect the interests of
the Association, of the Central Bank and the Participating Bank,
including the terms and conditions and the rights set forth in
Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      (b)   The Central Bank shall cause each Participating Bank to
exercise its rights in relation to each Investment Project in such
manner as to: (i) protect the interests of the Association, of the
Central Bank and of the Participating Bank; (ii) comply with its
obligations under this Agreement, the Development Credit Agreement
and the appropriate Participating Bank Agreement; and (iii) achieve
the purposes of the Project.
Page  3
      Section 2.04. The Central Bank shall:
            (i)   cause Participating Banks to calculate financial
                  rates of return of Investment Projects for which
                  Sub-loans are made or proposed to be made in
                  amounts exceeding $100,000;
           (ii)   ensure that Participating Banks will not make
                  Sub-loans in an amount exceeding the equivalent
                  of $500,000 in respect of any one Investment
                  Project or any single Investment Enterprise.
      Section 2.05. (a) The Central Bank shall cause Participating
Banks to submit to the Association, from time to time at the
Association's request, appraisal reports prepared by the
Participating Banks for Investment Projects. The number of such
appraisal reports shall be determined by agreement of the Associa-
tion, the Central Bank and the Participating Banks.
      (b)   The Central Bank shall cause Participating Banks to make
improvements or adjustments in their appraisal methodology and
practices as may be reasonably recommended by the Association.
      Section 2.06. (a) The Central Bank shall promptly transfer to
the Borrower all payments received from Participating Banks under
Participating Bank Agreements.
      (b)   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (a) of this
Section, the Central Bank may utilize part of any amounts received
from a Participating Bank under a Participating Bank Agreement for
loans to be made to Participating Banks for Sub-loans, provided that
such amounts are not immediately required by the Borrower to fulfill
its obligations specified, inter alia, in Sections 2.05, 2.06 and
2.07 of the Development Credit Agreement.
      Section 2.07. The Central Bank shall cause Participating Banks
to carry out the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03 through 9.08
of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and
land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Central Bank
Project Agreement and Part A.1 of the Project.
      Section 2.08. The Central Bank shall duly perform all its
obligations under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the
Association shall otherwise agree, the Central Bank shall not take
or concur in any action which would have the effect of amending,
abrogating, assigning or waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or
any provision thereof.
      Section 2.09. (a) The Central Bank shall, at the request of
the Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to
the progress of Part A.1 of the Project, the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement, and other matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   The Central Bank shall promptly inform the Association
of any condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of Part A.1 of the Project, the accomplishment of the
purposes of the Credit, or the performance by the Central Bank of
its obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
           Management and Operations of the Central Bank
      Section 3.01. The Central Bank shall carry on its operations
and conduct its affairs in accordance with sound administrative,
financial and banking practices under the supervision of qualified
and experienced management assisted by competent staff in adequate
numbers.
Page  4
      Section 3.02. The Central Bank shall take out and maintain
with responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to
the Association for, insurance against such risks and in such
amounts as shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Central Bank shall maintain records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   The Central Bank shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial state-
                  ments (balance sheets, statements of income and
                  expenses and related statements) for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the Associa-
                  tion;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year, (A) certified copies
                  of its financial statements for such year as so
                  audited, and (B) the report of such audit by said
                  auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Association shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of the Central Bank thereunder shall terminate on
the earlier of the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit Agree-
                  ment shall terminate in accordance with its
                  terms; or
           (ii)   the date fifteen years after the date of this
                  Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify the
Central Bank of this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
Page  5
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      For the Central Bank:
            Central Bank of Lesotho
            P.O. Box 1184
            Maseru 100
            Lesotho
                                    Telex:
                                      4637 LO
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of the Central Bank, or by the Central Bank on
behalf of the Borrower under the Development Credit Agreement, may
be taken or executed by the Governor or such other person or persons
as the Governor shall designate in writing, and the Central Bank
shall furnish to the Association sufficient evidence of the
authority and the authenticated specimen signature of each such
person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all collec-
tively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                        CENTRAL BANK OF LESOTHO
                        By /s/ T. W. van Tonder
                                         Authorized Representative
Page  6
                            SCHEDULE 1
                 Terms and Conditions of Sub-loans
1.    Sub-loans shall: (a) have maturities ranging from two to
twelve years including grace periods of up to three years; and
(b) be at the market rate of interest, which shall be adjusted
annually.
2.    Existing Investment Enterprises shall contribute a minimum of
10% of subproject costs and new Investment Enterprises shall
contribute at least 20% of such costs.
3.    Sub-projects of existing Investment Enterprises shall have a
debt service ratio of not less than 1.2:1, while sub-projects of new
Investment Enterprises shall have a debt equity ratio of not less
than 1.4:1.
4.    Investment Enterprises shall carry out initial preparation of
sub-projects. Each PB shall review the sub-projects in accordance
with their own loan analysis procedures. The appraisal evaluation
shall cover relevant information about the enterprise and proposed
investment, including inter alia, its technical soundness, financial
viability, economic efficiency and managerial capacity as well as
loan security requirements.
5.    Except as the Association shall otherwise agree, Sub-projects
shall meet the following criteria:
      (a)   not exceed $500,000 equivalent;
      (b)   appraisal of the enterprise/project technical viability,
market analysis, managerial capacity;
      (c)   incremental cash flow analysis leading to a financial
internal rate of return of not less than the interest rate on the
loan contract;
      (d)   a summary cash flow analysis to indicate the firm's
viability and ability to service debt; and
      (e)   for sub-loans of more than $100,000 equivalent, current
and projected balance sheets and income statements as well as
financial ratio analysis, including liquidity, debt service
coverage, leverage and earning ratios.
6.    (a)No expenditures for goods or services required for an
Investment Project shall be eligible for financing out of the
proceeds of the Credit unless such expenditures shall have been made
not earlier than ninety days prior to the request for authorization
to make withdrawals from the Credit Account in respect of a Sub-
loan.
      (b)   Requests for authorization to make withdrawals from the
Credit Account in respect of a Sub-loan shall be presented to the
Association on or before December 31, 1994.
7.    Sub-loans shall be made on terms whereby the Participating
Banks shall obtain, by written contract with the Investment Enter-
prise or by other appropriate legal means, rights adequate to
protect the interests of the Association, the Central Bank and the
Participating Banks, including, in the case of any Sub-loan and, to
the extent that it shall be appropriate, in the case of any
Investment, the right to:
      (a)   require the Investment Enterprise to carry out and
operate the Investment Project with due diligence and efficiency and
in accordance with sound technical, financial and managerial
standards and to maintain adequate records;
      (b)   require that (i) the goods and services to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be purchased at a reasonable
Page  7
price, account being taken also of other relevant factors such as
time of delivery and efficiency and reliability of the goods and
availability of maintenance facilities and spare parts therefor,
and, in the case of services, of their quality and the competence of
the parties rendering them, and (ii) such goods and services shall
be used exclusively in the carrying out of the Investment Project;
      (c)   inspect, by itself or jointly with representatives of
the Association if the Association shall so request, such goods,
works, plants and construction included in the Investment Project,
the operation thereof, and any relevant records and documents;
      (d)   require that (i) the Investment Enterprise shall take
out and maintain with responsible insurers such insurance, against
such risks and in such amounts, as shall be consistent with sound
business practice, and (ii) without any limitation upon the
foregoing, such insurance shall cover hazards incident to the
acquisition, transportation and delivery of goods financd out of the
proceeds of the Credit to the place of use or installation, any
indemnity thereunder to be made payable in a currency freely usable
by the Investment Enterprise to replace or repair such goods;
      (e)   obtain all such information as the Association, the
Central Bank or the Participating Banks shall reasonable request
relating to the foregoing and to the administration, operations and
financial condition of the Investment Enterprise and to the benefits
to be derived from the Investment Project; and
      (f)   suspend or terminate the right of the Investment
Enterprise to the use of the proceeds of the Credit upon failure by
such Investment Enterprise to perform its obligations under its
contract with the Participating Bank.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                      Terms and Conditions of
                   Participating Bank Agreements
1.    Participating Banks shall repay the Central Bank the principal
amount of loans made under Participating Bank Agreements in
accordance with Schedules conforming with the amortization schedules
of sub-loans made by each Participating Bank.
2.    Subject to any review that may be made by the Central Bank,
Participating Banks shall pay interest at the prevailing average
cost of term deposits in the banking system.
3.    Participating Bank Agreements shall specify: (a) the
establishment within a Participating Bank of a project unit with at
least one staff qualified in project appraisal techniques; (b) the
sub-project appraisal and portfolio management and selection
criteria; and (c) availability of staff training in project
appraisal, portfolio management techniques as a contribution to the
development of Project-based lending capability.
4.    The first three sub-projects from each Participating Bank
shall be submitted to the Association for prior review and approval.
Thereafter the Association shall only review a sample of sub-
projects on an ex-post basis.
