Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2195 LSO
       (Industrial and Agro-Industries Development Project)
                              between
                        KINGDOM OF LESOTHO
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                      Dated February 4, 1991
                                           CREDIT NUMBER 2195 LSO
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated February 4, 1991, between KINGDOM OF LESOTHO
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   Part A.1 of the Project will be carried out by the
Central Bank of Lesotho (Central Bank) with the Borrower's
assistance and, as part of such assistance, the Borrower will make
available to the Central Bank part of the proceeds of the Credit as
provided in this Agreement;
      (C)   Parts A.2, B.2 and D of the Project will be carried out
by the Lesotho National Development Corporation (LNDC) with the
Borrower's assistance and, as part of such assistance, the Borrower
shall make available to LNDC part of the proceeds of the Credit as
Page  2
provided in this Agreement;
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Project
Agreements of even date herewith between the Association and the
Central Bank and, the Association and LNDC, respectively;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the modifications set forth in Schedule 6 to this Agreement
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this
Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project pre-
paration advance granted by the Association to the Borrower pursuant
to an exchange of letters dated February 13, 1989, and March 3,
1989, between the Borrower and the Association;
      (b)   "Special Accounts" means the accounts referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (c)   "Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement entered
into between the Borrower and the Central Bank pursuant to Sec-
tion 3.01 (b) of this Agreement, as the same may be amended from
time to time, and such term includes any schedules to the Subsidiary
Loan Agreement;
      (d)   "Subsidiary Agreement" means the agreement entered into
between the Borrower and LNDC pursuant to Section 3.01 (c) of this
Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time, and such
term includes any schedules to the Subsidiary Agreement;
      (e)   "MTI" means the Borrower's Ministry of Trade and
Industry;
      (f)   "Central Bank" means the Central Bank of Lesotho
established pursuant to the Central Bank of Lesotho Act, No. 2 of
1982;
      (g)   "LNDC" means the Lesotho National Development Corpora-
tion established pursuant to the Lesotho National Development
Corporation Act, No. 20 of 1967, as amended;
      (h)   "LADB" means the Lesotho Agricultural Development Bank
established pursuant to Lesotho Agricultural Development Bank Act
No. 5 of 1976, as amended;
      (i)   "BAPS" means the Business Advisory Promotion Services,
to be established under the Project;
      (j)   "IPC" means the Investment Promotion Center to be
established under the Project within LNDC;
      (k)   "BEDCO" means the Basotho Enterprises Development
Corporation established pursuant to the Basotho Enterprises
Development Corporation Act of 1980 as amended;
      (l)   "Central Bank Project Agreement" means the agreement
between the Association and the Central Bank, of even date herewith,
as the same may be amended from time to time, and such term includes
Page  3
all schedules and agreements supplemental to the Central Bank
Project Agreement;
      (m)   "LNDC Project Agreement" means the agreement between the
Association and LNDC, of even date herewith, as the same may be
amended from time to time, and such term includes all Schedules and
agreements supplemental to the LNDC Project Agreement;
      (n)   "PB" or "Participating Bank" means any one of the
following banks: Lesotho Bank, Barclays Bank, Standard Chartered
Bank, LNDC and LADB;
      (o)   "Participating Bank Agreement" means each of the loan
agreements to be entered into by Central Bank and each of the
Participating Banks pursuant to Section 3.01 (b) of this Agreement
whereby Central Bank will provide said Participating Banks with
funds for Sub-loans;
      (q)   "Sub-loan" means a loan made or proposed to be made
under Part A.1 of the Project by a Participating Bank for an
Investment Project from the proceeds of the Credit relent to the
Participating Bank pursuant to a Participating Bank Agreement.
      (p)   "Investment Enterprise" means an Enterprise to which a
Participating Bank proposes to make or has made a Sub-loan;
      (r)   "Investment Project" means a specific development
project to be carried out by an Investment Enterprise utilizing the
proceeds of a Sub-loan;
      (s)   "Investment" means an investment other than a Sub-loan,
made or proposed to be made by LNDC under Part A.2 of the Project,
out of the equivalent of the proceeds of the Credit made available
to LNDC under the Subsidiary Agreement;
      (t)   "Statement of Policy" means the Statement of Investment
Policy Principles and Operating Procedures approved by the Directors
of LNDC dated July 15, 1979, as amended from time to time;
      (u)   "SME" means a Small or Medium Scale enterprise;
      (v)   "Fund" means the Mutual Fund called Lesotho Investment
Holdings to be utilized by LNDC for making equity investments;
      (w)   "Agro-Industrial Parastatal" means any of the following
agro-industrial parastatals to be assisted under the Project:
National Abattoir and Feedlot Complex, the Poultry Hatchery, the
Milk Processing Plant and Collection Centers, and Lesotho Poultry
Cooperative Society; and
      (x)   "Statement of Industrial and Financial Policy" means the
Statement of the Borrower's industrial, agro-industrial and
financial policy reforms undertaken in the context of this Project.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in this
Agreement, an amount in various currencies equivalent to fifteen
million one hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 15,100,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for: (i) amounts paid (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be paid) by the Central Bank on
account of withdrawals made by an Investment Enterprise under a
Sub-Loan or Investment to meet the reasonable cost of goods and
services required for the Investment Project in respect of which the
withdrawal from the Credit Account is requested; and (ii) expendi-
tures made (or if the Association shall so agree, to be made) in
Page  4
respect of the reasonable cost of goods, works and services required
for Parts B, C, D and E of the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars two special deposit accounts (Special
Account A for purposes of Part A.1 of the Project, and Special
Account B for purposes of the rest of the Project) in its Central
Bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Association.
Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Accounts shall be
made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 5 to this
Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance
shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1996, or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restric-
tions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower;
and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for the
purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other
eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on April 15 and October 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each April 15 and October 15
commencing April 15, 2001, and ending October 15, 2030. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on October 15,
2010, shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due considera-
Page  5
tion by them of the development of the Borrower's economy, modify
the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the Credit
shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 2.09. The Central Bank is designated as representative
of the Borrower in respect of Part A.1 of the Project for the
purposes of taking any action required or permitted to be taken
under the provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Arti-
cle V of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and, to this end:
            (i)   shall carry out Parts B.1, B.3, B.4, C and E of
                  the Project, with due diligence and efficiency
                  and in conformity with appropriate administrative
                  and financial practices and shall provide, promp-
                  tly as needed, the funds, facilities, services
                  and other resources required for such Parts of
                  the Project; and
           (ii)   without limitation or restriction upon any of its
                  other obligations under this Agreement, the
                  Borrower shall cause the Central Bank and LNDC to
                  perform all their obligations set forth in the
                  Central Bank Project Agreement and LNDC Project
                  Agreement, respectively, and shall take or cause
                  to be taken all action, including the provision
                  of funds, facilities, services and other
                  resources, necessary or appropriate to enable the
                  Central Bank and LNDC to perform such obliga-
                  tions, and shall not take or permit to be taken
                  any action which would prevent or interfere with
                  such performance.
      (b)   The Borrower shall relend $4,700,000 equivalent, from
the proceeds of the Credit, to the Central Bank under a subsidiary
loan agreement entered into between the Borrower and the Central
Bank under terms and conditions which shall have been approved by
the Association, which shall include, inter alia: (i) an undertaking
by the Central Bank to make loans to Participating Banks, under
Participating Bank Agreements to be entered into with each
Participating Bank, for financing Investment Projects specified in
Part A.1 of the Project, under terms and conditions specified in the
Central Bank Project Agreement; (ii) that the proceeds of the Credit
shall be relent at an interest rate which is one percent (1%) less
than the onlending rate to the PBs referred to in Schedule 2 to the
Page  6
Central Bank Project Agreement.
      (c)   The Borrower shall: (i) make available $1,900,000
equivalent, from the proceeds of the Credit for Part A.2 of the
Project to LNDC under a subsidiary agreement entered into between
the Borrower and LNDC, under terms and conditions which shall have
been approved by the Association which shall include, inter alia,
that (A) LNDC shall manage the funds on behalf of the Borrower,
(B) the Borrower shall bear the foreign exchange risk, (C) any
dividend or capital gain shall be passed back to the Fund on
Borrower's account, unless such dividend or capital gain is required
by the Borrower to fulfill its obligations under Sections 2.05, 2.06
and 2.07 of this Agreement, and (D) LNDC shall be paid a fee to
manage such funds on behalf of the Borrower; and (ii) relend
$2,500,000 equivalent, from the proceeds of the Credit, for Part D
of the Project, to LNDC under a subsidiary agreement entered into
between the Borrower and LNDC, under terms and conditions which
shall have been approved by the Association which shall include,
inter alia, that (A) the funds shall be onlent at an annual interest
rate of 8.8% for a period of twenty years including a grace period
of three years, and (B) LNDC shall bear the foreign exchange risk.
      (d)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement and the Subsidiary Agreement in such
manner as to protect the interests of the Borrower and the
Association and to accomplish the purposes of the Credit, and except
as the Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not
assign, amend, abrogate or waive the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, the
Subsidiary Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower and the Association hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03 through 9.08 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and ser-
vices, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and
land acquisition, respectively) in respect of Part A.1 of the
Project shall be carried out by the Central Bank and in respect of
Parts A.2, B.2 and D of the Project by LNDC, pursuant to Section
2.07 of the Central Bank Project Agreement and Section 2.04 of the
LNDC Project Agreement, respectively.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall cause LADB to: (a) maintain
its management policy of halting branch expansion and maintaining
market interest rates; (b) by March 31, 1992, prepare and furnish to
the Association for its review and comments LADB's Strategic
Corporate Action Plan; (c) by June 30, 1992, discuss with the
Association and reach agreement on, key steps to be undertaken to
strengthen LADB; and (d) promptly thereafter implement measures
identified in such plan, to put LADB on a financially viable basis,
including, but not limited to expanding LADB's mandate to include
commercial banking.
      Section 3.05. The Borrower shall by October 31, 1991, cause
BEDCO to: (a) carry out a reorganization consistent with its new
focus on provision of industrial estate and workshop facilities and
on project preparation assistance to SME's; (b) implement a cost
recovery rental policy satisfactory to the Association; and
(c) carefully screen SME's admitted to industrial estates to ensure
their full-time commitment to the enterprise and the viability of
their business.
      Section 3.06. The Borrower shall, until completion of the
Project, maintain its Agro-Industries Task Force, consisting of the
Principal Secretaries of the Ministries of Planning and Agriculture,
MTI and the Managing Director of LNDC, which shall, inter alia,
coordinate activities under Part C of the Project.
      Section 3.07. The Borrower shall execute agreements with each
Agro-industrial Parastatal under Part C of the Project, which shall
Page  7
provide inter alia: (a) details of the agro-industrial reforms being
carried out by the Borrower; (b) that such parastatal is to operate
on a commercial basis; and (c) that the proceeds of the Credit shall
be onlent to the parastatals at an annual interest rate of 8.0% for
a period of twenty years including a grace period of three years.
      Section 3.08. The Borrower shall cause Lesotho Bank to: (a) by
March 31, in each year prepare and furnish to the Association, the
training program under Part E.1 of the Project for the following
year, in bank management, project appraisal and supervision; and (b)
manage the training on behalf of PBs and financial institutions.
      Section 3.09. The Borrower shall by March 31, 1993, carry out
a joint mid-term review of Project implementation, and thereafter
implement actions agreed upon during such review, in consultation
with the Association.
      Section 3.10. The Borrower shall establish and maintain, an
Investment Promotion Committee, to be chaired by the Principal
Secretary of MTI and consisting, inter alia, of the Principal
Secretaries of the Ministries of Planning and Finance as well as the
Managing Director of LNDC, to coordinate and supervise all policies
and investor services, with regard to investment promotion under the
Project.
      Section 3.11. The Borrower shall: (a) develop and adopt a
formula for cost sharing of the costs of main distribution lines
between end users and the Lesotho Electricity Corporation and
Lesotho Telecommunications Corporation respectively; and (b) develop
construction standards and procurement arrangements, satisfactory to
the Association, to be applied to electric infrastructure.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of Parts B.1, C and E of the Project of the
departments or agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out
the Project or any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those for
                  the Special Accounts for each fiscal year audit-
                  ed, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                  principles consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year, a certified copy of
                  the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and the audit
                  thereof as the Association shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account for the Project were made on the basis of
statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
Page  8
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the Associ-
                  ation has received the audit report for the
                  fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from the
                  Credit Account or payment out of the Special
                  Accounts was made, all records (contracts, or-
                  ders, invoices, bills, receipts and other docu-
                  ments) evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are includ-
                  ed in the annual audit referred to in para-
                  graph (b) of this Section and that the report of
                  such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of expendi-
                  ture submitted during such fiscal year, together
                  with the pro- cedures and internal controls
                  involved in their preparation, can be relied upon
                  to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   The Central Bank or LNDC shall have failed to perform
any of their respective obligations under their respective Project
Agreements.
      (b)   As a result of events which have occurred after the date
of this Agreement, an extraordinary situation shall have arisen
which shall make it improbable that the Central Bank or LNDC will be
able to perform their respective obligations under their respective
Project Agreements.
      (c)   The Central Bank Act or LNDC Act shall have been
amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect
materially and adversely the ability of the Central Bank or LNDC to
perform any of their respective obligations under their respective
Project Agreements.
      (d)   The Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment
of the Central Bank or LNDC or for the suspension of their respec-
tive operations.
      (e)   An event has occurred which shall make it improbable
that the reforms in the Statement of Industrial and Financial Policy
or a significant part thereof, will be carried out.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 5.01 of
this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of sixty
days after notice thereof shall have been given by the Association
to the Borrower; and
      (b)   any event specified in paragraphs (c) and (d) of Sec-
tion 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of this Agreement within the meaning
of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
Page  9
      (a)   the Subsidiary Loan Agreement and Subsidiary Agreement
have been executed on behalf of the Borrower and Central Bank, and
the Borrower and LNDC, respectively; and
      (b)   at least one Participating Bank Agreement has been
executed between the Central Bank and a PB.
      Section 6.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association:
      (a)   that the Project Agreements have been duly authorized or
ratified by the Central Bank and LNDC respectively, and are legally
binding upon the Central Bank and LNDC in accordance with their
terms; and
      (b)   that the Subsidiary Loan Agreement and Subsidiary
Agreement have been duly authorized or ratified by the Borrower, the
Central Bank and LNDC and are legally binding upon the Borrower and
the Central Bank and, the Borrower and LNDC, respectively, in accor-
dance with their terms.
      Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 of this
Agreement, the Minister at the time responsible for finance of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Finance
            P.O. Box 395
            Maseru 100
            Lesotho
           Cable address:                Telex:
                  FINMIN                    4330 LO
                  Maseru                    4367 LO
            Fax:
                  310157
      For the Association:
            International Development
             Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
Page  10
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        KINGDOM OF LESOTHO
                        By /s/ T. W. van Tonder
                                         Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                           SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1)   Goods and               3,367,000         80%
      services for
      Investment
      Projects under
      Part A.1 of the
      Project
(2)   Goods and               1,361,000         100%
      services for
      Investments
      under Part A.2 of
      the Project
(3)   Civil works for           537,000         80%
      Part D of the
      Project
(4)   Equipment for           1,254,000         100% of foreign
      Part D of                                 expenditures
      the Project
(5)   Equipment for the         143,000         100% of foreign
      other Parts of                            expenditures and
      the Project                               85% of local
                                                expenditures
                            Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(6) Consultants'                                100%
    services and
    studies
    (a)  For Part C            3,009,000
Page  11
         of the Project
    (b)  For the other         3,367,000
         Parts of the
         Project
(7) Training                     430,000        100%
(8) Training for                 143,000        100%
    Part E.5 of the
    Project
(9) Refunding of                 107,000        Amounts due pur-
    Project Pre-                                suant to Sec-
    paration                                    tion 2.02 (c) of
    Advance                                     this Agreement
(10)     Unallocated           1,382,000
                              __________
         TOTAL                15,100,000
                              ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)    the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower; and
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments:
      (a)   made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement;
      (b)   for expenditures with respect to Category (1) to
            (i)   LNDC until it has, (A) adjusted its interest rate
                  to its sub-borrowers to at least the prime rate
                  of interest for all credit lines or to a level
                  which would allow LNDC to cover the costs of its
                  lending operations and ensure sustainability of
                  its operations, (B) prepared for the implementa-
                  tion of a resource mobilization mechanism accept-
                  able to the Association, (C) submitted to the
                  Association an action plan to increase income,
                  reduce costs and improve loan collection perfor-
                  mance on its loan operations, and
           (ii)   to LADB until it has: (A) implemented its tech-
                  nical assistance program; (B) implemented a
                  viable plan for its recapitalization; (C) put in
                  place systems adequate to manage its loan portfo-
                  lio; and (D) implemented key aspects of its
                  Strategic Corporate Action Plan referred to in
                  Section 3.04 of this Agreement;
      (c)   for expenditures to a Participating Bank, with respect
to Category (1) above until (i) such Participating Bank has entered
into a Participating Bank Agreement, satisfactory to the Asso-
ciation, with the Central Bank; and (ii) the Association has
approved the first three Investment Projects submitted by such
Participating Bank under Section 2.02 (c) of the Central Bank
Project Agreement;
      (d)   for expenditures with respect to Category (6) (a) until:
(i) the policy measures referred to in the Statement of Industrial
Page  12
and Financial Policy, which affect the performance of the Agro-
Industrial Parastatal concerned have been implemented, and (ii) such
Agro-Industrial Parastatal has entered into an agreement satis-
factory to the Association, with the Borrower;
      (e)   for expenditures with respect to Category (6) until the
Borrower has implemented arrangements, satisfactory to the
Association, for the administration of training under the Small
Business Development Fund; and
      (f)   for expenditures with respect to Categories (3) and (4)
until the Borrower has (i) adopted the cost sharing formula, satis-
factory to the Association, referred to in Section 3.11 (a) of this
Agreement, and (ii) adopted the construction standards and pro-
curement arrangements referred to in Section 3.11 (b) of this
Agreement.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objective of the Project is to promote increased
indigenous and foreign direct investment in Lesotho's industrial and
agro-industries sectors.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Financial Sector
1.    A line of credit to be made available, through the Central
Bank, to Participating Banks for provision of medium- and long-term
credit for private sector industrial and commercial projects,
including agro-industries, small- and medium-scale enterprises,
export financing and private industrial estate development.
2.    Venture capital investments in small- and medium-scale
enterprises.
Part B:     Investment Promotion
1.    Establishment of a Business Advisory and Promotion Service
within MTI, to coordinate information about business opportunities
and advisory and training services to indigenous enterprises.
2.    Establishment of the Investment Promotion Center within LNDC,
to carry out investment promotion and provide one-stop investor
services to foreign and larger enterprises.
3.    Carrying out of two assessments to gauge investor attitudes
with respect to the investment environment and quality of services
offered by BAPS and IPC.
4.    Advisory support and training for BAPS and IPC staff.
Part C:     Agro-Industrial Development
      Strengthening the management and performance of five Borrower-
owned agro-industrial enterprises through the provision of manage-
ment support and training.
Part D:     Industrial Infrastructure
      Construction and provision of road, electric, water and
telecommunications infrastructure for industrial estates.
Part E:     Institutional Strengthening and Training
1.    Training in bank management, project appraisal and loan
portfolio management for staff of PBs, LNDC, LADB, BEDCO and the
Lesotho Manufacturers Association.
Page  13
2.    Reorganization and reorientation of BEDCO activities towards
the provision of industrial space and project preparation assis-
tance.
3.    Strengthening LNDC in the fields of management accounting and
information systems, property management, and credit and equity
portfolio appraisal and management.
4.    Strengthening of LADB in the field of credit and portfolio
management, internal audits and financial management as well as the
establishment of a management information system.
5.    Establishment of a Small Business Development Fund to support
improvement of the skill level of entrepreneurs and professional
staff in SME support institutions through training and seminar
programs.
6.    Strengthening and expansion of in-service training and skills
testing programs collaboratively designed by businesses and the
Borrower's vocational and training education system.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1995.
                            SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
      Except as provided in Part B hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Items or groups of items for goods and civil works estimated
to cost the equivalent of $100,000 or less per contract, may be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of competitive
bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Association.
2.    Items or groups of items for equipment estimated to cost the
equivalent of $50,000 or less per contract, up to an aggregate
amount equivalent to $400,000, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of comparison of price quotations obtained from
at least three suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Association.
Part C:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for equipment estimated to
cost the equivalent of $500,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of the
Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
Page  14
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Association has
authorized withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower, the Central Bank and LNDC in
carrying out the Project, the Borrower shall employ consultants
whose qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Association. Such consul-
tants shall be selected in accordance with principles and procedures
satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for
the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank
as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                Modifications of General Conditions
      For the purpose of this Agreement, the provisions of the
General Conditions are modified as follows:
1.    The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
2.    The following subparagraph is added to Section 2.01:
            "15. The term 'Project Agreement' has the meaning set
      forth in paragraph (b) of Section 1.02 of the Development
      Credit Agreement."
3.    The words "the Association may, by notice to the Borrower,
terminate the right of the Borrower to make withdrawals with respect
to such amount. Upon the giving of such notice, such amount of the
Credit shall be cancelled" set forth at the end of Section 6.03 are
deleted and the following is substituted therefor:
            "or (e) by the date specified in sub-paragraph 6 (b) of
      Schedule 1 to the Central Bank Project Agreement, the Associa-
      tion shall, in respect of any portion of the Credit: (i) have
      received no applications or requests permitted under sub-
      paragraphs (a) of said paragraph; or (ii) have denied any such
      applications or requests, the Association may, by notice to
      the Borrower, terminate the right to submit such applications
      or approvals or to make withdrawals from the Credit Account,
      as the case may be, with respect to such amount or portion of
      the Credit. Upon the giving of such notice, such amount or
      portion of the Credit shall be cancelled."
                            SCHEDULE 5
                         Special Accounts
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Category (1) for
Special Account A and Categories (2) through (8) for Special
Account B set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
Page  15
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $1,800,000 for Special Account A and $800,000 for
Special Account B to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association re-
                  quests for deposits into the Special Account at
                  such intervals as the Association shall specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                  by said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Arti-
cle V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories for Part A.1 of the Project
with respect of Special Account A, and the other Parts of the
Project with respect to Special Account B, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
Page  16
the respective Parts of the Project, shall equal the equivalent of
twice the amount of the respective Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible Catego-
ries for the Project shall follow such procedures as the Association
shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals
shall be made only after and to the extent that the Association
shall have been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit
in the Special Account as of the date of such notice will be
utilized in making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request, or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraph 6
(a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
