Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3538 VE
                          Loan Agreement
                 (Endemic Disease Control Project)
                              between
                       REPUBLIC OF VENEZUELA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                      Dated December 28, 1993
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3538 VE
                          LOAN AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated December 28, 1993, between REPUBLIC OF
VENEZUELA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Bank to assist in the financing of
the Project;
      WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter alia, of the
foregoing, to extend the Loan to the Borrower upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      WHEREAS the Borrower hereby represents to the Bank that the
execution of this Agreement has been duly authorized by the
Borrower's Ley que Autoriza al Ejecutivo Nacional para la
Contraction y Ejecucion de Operaciones de Credito Publico durante el
Ejercicio Fiscal 1993 published in the Borrower's Official Gazette
Issue No. 35.264 dated July 30, 1993;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth below (the General Conditions) constitute an
integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)   The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      (b)   In Section 6.02, subparagraph (k) is relettered as
subparagraph (l) and a new subparagraph (k) is added to read:
            "(k)  An extraordinary situation shall have arisen under
      which any further withdrawals under the Loan would be
      inconsistent with the provisions of Article III, Section 3 of
      the Bank's Articles of Agreement."
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional terms have
the following meanings:
      (a)   "Annual Investment Program" means any of the annual
investment programs referred to in Section 3.03 (b) of this
Agreement and which program has been approved by the Bank;
      (b)   "Central Bank" means Banco Central de Venezuela, the
Borrower's Central Bank;
      (c)   "DGSSSA" means the General Sectoral Directorate for
Environmental Sanitation of MSAS (as hereinafter defined), Direccion
General Sectorial del Subsistema de Saneamiento Sanitario Ambiental;
      (d)   "DGSSSA Project Implementation Unit" means the
administrative unit in DGSSSA established by the Borrower's
resolucion G-1231 dated October 19, 1992 and published in the
Borrower's Official Gazette, extraordinary issue 4.481 dated October
22, 1992, for purposes of the supervision, monitoring and evaluation
of the Parts of the Project to be implemented by DGSSSA;
      (e)   "EMSA Research Center" means the research center
operated by the Borrower's Arnoldo Gabaldon School of Malariology;
      (f)   "Executing Agencies" means DGSSSA (in respect of Parts
A.1 through 8, A.12 (a) and B.1 of the Project) and IB (in respect
of Parts A.9 through A.11, A.12 (b) and B.2 of the Project);
      (g)   "Fiscal Year" means the Borrower's fiscal year commenc-
ing on January 1 and ending on December 31;
      (h)   "IB" means the Biomedicine Institute of MSAS (as
hereinafter defined), Instituto de Biomedicina;
      (i)   "IB Project Implementation Unit" means the admini-
strative unit in IB established by the Borrower's resolucion G-1228
dated October 19, 1992 and published in the Borrower's Official
Gazette extraordinary issue 4.481 dated October 22, 1992, for
purposes of supervision, monitoring and evaluation of the Parts of
the Project to be implemented by IB;
      (j)   "Implementation Plan" means the plan setting forth the
overall implementation schedule of the Project, including its
activities, timetables and targets, on which the Annual Investment
Programs will be based, as such plan is included in the letter from
the Bank to the Borrower of even date herewith;
      (k)   "Monitoring Indicators" means the set of indicators for
monitoring the impact of the Project as such indicators are set
forth in the letter from the Bank to the Borrower of even date
Page  3
herewith;
      (l)   "MSAS" means the Borrower's Ministry of Health and
Social Assistance, Ministerio de Sanidad y Asistencia Social;
      (m)   "Operational Research Regulations" means the set of
regulations, satisfactory to the Bank, containing, inter alia, the
criteria and procedures for the implementation of Parts B.1 (d) and
B.2 (d) of the Project, as such set of regulations are attached to
the Borrower's letter to the Bank dated November 12, 1992 and which
include the following documents: (1) Reglamento del Comite Directivo
de Investigaciones Operacionales; (2) Reglamento de Subvenciones
para Projectos de Investigacion Operacional; (3) Contrato para
Projecto de Investigacion Operacional; and (4) Annexes to the above
referred documents consisting of the "Areas y Lineas Prioritarias de
Investigacion" and formatos and instructivo;
      (n)   "Pesticides List" means the list, agreed between the
Borrower and the Bank, of pesticides to be financed under the
Project, as such list is included in the Bank's letter to the
Borrower dated August 28, 1992 and which list may be revised by
agreement between the Borrower and the Bank;
      (o)   "Procurement Committee" means the committee in MSAS
established by the Borrower's resolucion G-1232, and published in
the Borrower's Official Gazette extraordinary issue 4.481 dated
October 22, 1992, for purposes of assisting the Executing Agencies
in all procurement activities under the Project;
      (p)   "Project Implementation Units" means the IB Project
Implementation Unit and the DGSSSA Project Implementation Unit;
      (q)   "Project Steering Committee" means the committee
established by the Borrower's resolucion G-1230 dated October 19,
1992, and published in the Borrower's Official Gazette extraordinary
issue 4.481 dated October 22, 1992, for purposes of the overall
coordination of the Project;
      (r)   "Research Steering Committee" means the committee of
experts in the field of endemic disease control research established
by the Borrower's resolucion G-1229 dated October 19, 1992 and
published in the Borrower's Official Gazette extraordinary issue
4.481 dated October 22, 1992 for purposes of assisting the Executing
Agencies in the implementation of Parts B.1 (d) and B.2 (d) of the
Project;
      (s)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (t)   "UNICEF" means the United Nations Children's Fund;
      (u)   "Procurement Services Agreement" means the agreement,
satisfactory to the Bank, to be entered into between the Borrower
and UNICEF, or any other procurement agent acceptable to the Bank,
for purposes of retaining UNICEF, or any other procurement agent
acceptable to the Bank, as agent for handling the procurement of a
portion of the drugs under the Project; and
      (v)   "WHO" means the World Health Organization.
                            ARTICLE II
                             The Loan
      Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the Borrower, on the
terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the Loan Agreement,
various currencies that shall have an aggregate value equivalent to
the amount of ninety-four million dollars ($94,000,000), being the
sum of withdrawals of the proceeds of the Loan, with each withdrawal
valued by the Bank as of the date of such withdrawal.
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Loan may be withdrawn from
Page  4
the Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the Bank shall so
agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and
services required for the Project described in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in the
Central Bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Bank.
Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account shall be
made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 5 to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1998 or such
later date as the Bank shall establish. The Bank shall promptly
notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a commitment
charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per
annum on the principal amount of the Loan not withdrawn from time to
time.
      Section 2.05. (a) The Borrower shall pay interest on the
principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time to
time, at a rate for each Interest Period equal to the Cost of
Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of the preceding
Semester, plus one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%). On each of the
dates specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower
shall pay interest accrued on the principal amount outstanding
during the preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rate
applicable during such Interest Period.
      (b)   As soon as practicable after the end of each Semester,
the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost of Qualified
Borrowings determined in respect of such Semester.
      (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    "Interest Period" means a six-month period
                   ending on the date immediately preceding each
                   date specified in Section 2.06 of this
                   Agreement, beginning with the Interest Period in
                   which this Agreement is signed.
           (ii)    "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the cost,
                   as reasonably determined by the Bank and
                   expressed as a percentage per annum, of the
                   outstanding borrowings of the Bank drawn down
                   after June 30, 1982, excluding such borrowings
                   or portions thereof as the Bank has allocated to
                   fund: (A) the Bank's investments; and (B) loans
                   which may be made by the Bank after July 1, 1989
                   bearing interest rates determined otherwise than
                   as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section.
          (iii)    "Semester" means the first six months or the
                   second six months of a calendar year.
      (d)   On such date as the Bank may specify by no less than six
months' notice to the Borrower, paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) (iii) of
this Section shall be amended to read as follows:
                   "(a)  The Borrower shall pay interest on the
            principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding
            from time to time, at a rate for each Quarter equal to
            the Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect
            of the preceding Quarter, plus one-half of one percent
            (1/2 of 1%). On each of the dates specified in Section
            2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall pay interest
            accrued on the principal amount outstanding during the
            preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rates
            applicable during such Interest Period."
Page  5
                   "(b)  As soon as practicable after the end of
            each Quarter, the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the
            Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of
            such Quarter."
                   "(c) (iii) `Quarter' means a three-month period
            commencing on January 1, April 1, July 1 or October 1 in
            a calendar year."
      Section 2.06. Interest and other charges shall be payable
semiannually on May 15 and November 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Loan in accordance with the amortization schedule set forth in
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project through the
Executing Agencies with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate engineering, administrative, technical,
financial and environmental practices, and each Annual Investment
Program and shall provide, promptly as needed, the funds, faci-
lities, services and other resources required for the Project.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. Without limitation to the provisions of Section
9.07 (a) (iii) of the General Conditions, the Borrower shall, not
later than March 1 in each year during Project execution, furnish to
the Bank:
      (a)   a progress report on the Project, of such scope and
detail as the Bank may reasonably request, including, inter alia:
(i) a section detailing progress in implementation of the Project
components in the previous year; and (ii) specific and justified
proposals for adjustments in Project implementation based on the
results of the previous year; and
      (b)   for its review and approval, a proposed annual
investment program providing for the activities, implementation
schedule and targets, and proposed budget for the Project during the
upcoming year.  Such proposed annual investment program shall be
based on the Implementation Plan.
      Section 3.04. Without limitation to the provisions of Section
9.01 of the General Conditions, the Borrower shall:
      (a)   not later than March 31 of each year during the
execution of the Project, starting in 1994, hold annual reviews
jointly with the Bank, such reviews to be based on the reports
referred to in Section 3.03 (a) of this Agreement and to focus,
inter alia, on the following items: (i) evaluation of the progress
in execution and in the achievement of the objectives of the Project
based on, among other factors, the Monitoring Indicators; (ii)
discussion of the proposed annual investment program for the
upcoming year; (iii) mechanism for payment of field workers; and
(iv) any changes in Project implementation that may be necessary;
and
      (b)   if, as a result of any of the above annual reviews,
progress in the execution of the Project or in the achievement of
the objectives of the Project is not satisfactory to the Bank, the
Borrower shall promptly take or cause to be taken all such remedial
Page  6
action, satisfactory to the Bank, as shall be needed to achieve such
objectives or to carry out efficiently the Project.
      Section 3.05. The Borrower shall: (a) maintain in the
Executing Agencies an appropriate organizational structure,
functions and staff for the efficient implementation and supervision
of the Project; (b) promptly inform the Bank of any change in such
organizational structure or functions; (c) without limitation or
restriction to paragraph (a) above, maintain the Project Imple-
mentation Units, the Procurement Committee, the Project Steering
Committee and the Research Steering Committee during the execution
of the Project with an organizational structure, functions and staff
satisfactory to the Bank; and (d) maintain a mechanism, satisfactory
to the Bank, providing for the management by DGSSSA of all funds for
payment of DGSSSA's field workers.
      Section 3.06. The Borrower shall apply, or shall cause to be
applied, standards and procedures for the selection and use of
pesticides under the Project which are consistent with WHO standards
and procedures in force as of the date of this Agreement. Any
changes of such WHO standards or procedures shall be subject to
discussion and agreement between the Borrower and the Bank taking
into account the results of comprehensive scientific studies.
      Section 3.07. Without limitation upon the provisions of
Section 3.01 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall, through DGSSSA
and IB, and with the assistance of the Research Steering Committee,
carry out Parts B.1 (d) and B.2 (d) in accordance with the
Operational Research Regulations.
      Section 3.08. The Borrower shall:
      (a)   carry out the studies under Part B.1 (b) (i) and B.2 (c)
(iv) of the Project not later than March 31, 1994 and the studies
under Parts B.1 (b) (ii) and B.2 (c) (iii) of the Project not later
than March 1, 1994;
      (b)   promptly upon the completion of the studies referred to
in (a) above, furnish to the Bank a copy of such studies and their
results and recommendations and provide the Bank a reasonable
opportunity to review and comment thereon;
      (c)   not later than June 30, 1994, prepare and furnish to the
Bank action plans, satisfactory to the Bank, based on the results
and recommendations of the studies under Parts B.1 (b) (i) and B.2
(c) (iv) of the Project and the Bank's comments thereon; and
      (d)   implement the plans of action referred to in paragraph
(c) above, in a manner and under a timetable satisfactory to the
Bank.
      Section 3.09. Without limitation to the provisions in Section
3.01 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall:
      (a)   through the Executing Agencies, exchange views with the
Bank, during the last quarter of each fiscal year, on the budgetary
needs in respect of the endemic disease control programs and
activities;
      (b)   furnish to the Bank, in each fiscal year, evidence,
satisfactory to the Bank, showing that the final proposed budget of
MSAS, submitted to the Borrower's Ministry of Finance for the
following fiscal year, includes adequate allocations, in the opinion
of the Bank, in respect of endemic disease control programs and
activities. Such evidence shall be furnished not later than fifteen
(15) days after the Ministry of Finance has received the respective
final proposed budget of MSAS;
      (c)   furnish to the Bank, not later than May 31 in each
fiscal year, evidence, satisfactory to the Bank, of the final
proposed budget, for the then following fiscal year, submitted by
the Borrower's Executive Branch to the Borrower's Congress; and
Page  7
      (d)   furnish to the Bank, not later than March 1 in each
fiscal year, evidence, satisfactory to the Bank, showing the amount
of expenditures incurred in respect of endemic disease control
programs and activities during the then previous fiscal year.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and separate accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices the operations, resources
and expenditures in respect of the Project of the departments or
agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project or
any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section including those
                   for the Special Account for each fiscal year
                   audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                   principles consistently applied, by independent
                   auditors acceptable to the Bank;
           (ii)    furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year, the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records and accounts and the
                   audit thereof as the Bank shall from time to
                   time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                   accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                   records and accounts reflecting such
                   expenditures;
           (ii)    retain, until at least one year after the Bank
                   has received the audit report for the fiscal
                   year in which the last withdrawal from the Loan
                   Account or payment out of the Special Account
                   was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                   invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                   evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)    enable the Bank's representatives to examine
                   such records; and
           (iv)    ensure that such records and accounts are
                   included in the annual audit referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                   together with the procedures and internal
                   controls involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 5.01. The date March 23, 1994 is hereby specified for
Page  8
the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 6.01. The Minister of Finance of the Borrower is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministerio de Hacienda
            Direccion General
            Sectorial de Finanzas Publicas
            Edificio Norte, Piso 5
            Centro Simon Bolivar
            Caracas 1010, Venezuela
                                           Telex:
                                             24215 HDACP
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
             Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         REPUBLIC OF VENEZUELA
                         By /s/ Simon Alberto Consalvi
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                            SCHEDULE 1
              Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the allocation of the
Page  9
amounts of the Loan to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                            Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category             Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(1) Civil works:               8,300,000
    (a)  Civil works             300,000        100%
         under Parts B.1
         (d) and B.2 (d)
         of the Project
    (b)  Other civil           8,000,000        50%
         works
(2) Goods (other               8,500,000        100% of foreign
    than those in                               expenditures,
    Categories 3,                               100% of local
    4 and 5 below):                             expenditures
                                                (ex-factory
    (a)  Goods under           2,800,000        cost) and 90%
         Parts B.1 (d)                          of local expen-
         and B.2 (d)                            ditures for other
         of the Project                         items procured
                                                locally
    (b)  Other goods           5,700,000
                            Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category             Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(3) Construction               4,500,000        50%
    materials
    (excluding
    construction
    materials for
    rural housing
    improvements)
(4) Vehicles:                 11,000,000        100% of foreign
                                                expenditures,
    (a)  Vehicles under          400,000        100% of local
         Parts B.1 (d)                          expenditures
         and B.2 (d) of                         (ex-factory cost)
         the Project                            and 90% of other
                                                local expendi-
    (b)  Other vehicles       10,600,000        tures
(5) Drugs and                 32,000,000        100% of foreign
    pesticides                                  expenditures,
                                                100% of local
                                                expenditures
                                                (ex-factory
                                                cost) and 90%
                                                of other local
                                                expenditures
(6) Consultants'              14,500,000        100%
    services:
    (a)  Operational           6,500,000
         research
         under Parts
         B.1 (d) and
         B.2 (d) of the
         Project
Page  10
                            Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category             Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
    (b)  Other technical       8,000,000
         assistance in-
         cluding training
         and services un-
         der the Procure-
         ment Services
         Agreement
(7) Incremental                8,200,000        60%, until the
    operating                                   amount of the
    costs                                       Loan proceeds
                                                disbursed under
                                                this category
                                                shall have
                                                reached the
                                                aggregate of
                                                $6,000,000; and
                                                40% thereafter
(8) Unallocated                7,000,000
                              __________
         TOTAL                94,000,000
                              ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower;
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower; and
      (c)   the term "incremental operating costs" means costs for
travel and per diem of personnel of the Executing Agencies in
connection with Project supervision and the costs for maintenance of
buildings, equipment and vehicles financed under the Project.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of: (a) payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement, except that
withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $9,400,000, may be
made in respect of Categories (1) through (7) on account of payments
made for expenditures before that date but after March 9, 1992; (b)
payments made for expenditures in respect of the Project unless such
expenditures are included in an Annual Investment Program; (c)
payments made for pesticides unless the respective pesticide is
included in the Pesticides List; and (d) payments made for drugs
unless the Procurement Services Agreement has been executed and the
Bank has received a satisfactory legal opinion or opinions, of
counsel acceptable to the Bank, stating that the Procurement
Services Agreement has been duly authorized or ratified by, and
executed and delivered on behalf of the parties thereto, and is
legally binding upon the parties thereto in accordance with its
terms.
                           SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to assist the Borrower in:
(a) reducing the incidence and impact of endemic diseases; and (b)
strengthening the institutional capabilities of DGSSSA and IB.
Page  11
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Bank may agree upon
from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Endemic Disease Control Programs
1.    Malaria Control Program.
      A program consisting of: (a) epidemiological surveillance
(active and passive case detection), treatment and education
activities including promotion of personal protection measures such
as the use of bed nets; and (b) entomological surveillance and
vector control activities including intradomiciliary pesticide
application, selective ultra-low-volume (ULV) fogging, larviciding,
biological control measures and other interventions which may be
agreed between the Borrower and the Bank.
2.    Dengue Control Program.
      A program consisting of entomological and epidemiological
surveillance and vector control activities including pesticide
application against larval and adult forms of the mosquito, small
source reduction projects, solid waste disposal and information,
education and communication activities related thereto.
3.    Chagas Disease Control Program.
      A program consisting of epidemiological and entomological
surveillance, vector control and implementation of a housing
improvement program.
4.    Schistosomiasis Control Program.
      A program consisting of epidemiological surveillance and
treatment, malacological (snail) surveillance and molluscicide
application and information, education and communication activities
related thereto.
5.    Intestinal Parasite Control Program.
      A program consisting of latrine construction, drug
distribution and information, education and communication activities
related thereto.
6.    Yellow Fever Control Program.
      A program consisting of immunization campaigns, entomological
surveillance of selvatic vectors and reservoirs, Aedes Aegypti
control and information, education and communication activities
related thereto.
7.    Cholera Control Program.
      A program consisting of sanitation and education activities
for cholera prevention including surveillance and control of
drinking water supply quality.
8.    Additional Endemic Disease Control Programs under the
      jurisdiction of DGSSSA.
      Programs consisting of entomological surveillance and vector
control activities for the Venezuelan equine encephalitis,
Venezuelan hemorraghic fever, onchocerciasis and leishmaniasis.
9.    Leishmaniasis Control Program.
      A program consisting of: (a) epidemiological surveillance
including active case detection; (b) registration, treatment, and
control of cases; (c) epidemiological studies of foci and cases,
particularly in areas affected by epidemic outbreaks where special
measures may be needed; (d) analysis, interpretation and dissemi-
mination of epidemiological information; and (e) entomological and
Page  12
parasitological studies.
10.   Leprosy Control Program.
      A program consisting of: (a) treatment of cases and vac-
cination of high risk contacts; (b) investigation and control of
contacts; and (c) epidemiological surveillance, including socio-
epidemiological studies in areas of high incidence.
11.  Onchocerciasis Control Program.
      A program consisting of: (a) distribution of ivermectin for
treatment of cases; (b) epidemiological surveillance including
active case detection, registration, treatment and follow up of
cases, and epidemiological studies of transmission foci in order to
improve the knowledge of transmission situations and to devise
appropriate control strategies; (c) entomological surveillance and
studies on vector behavior, distribution, and transmission
potential; and (d) studies of possible vector control activities in
areas of high transmission.
12.   Information, Education and Communication.
      A program to strengthen and expand activities related to
information, education and communication on endemic disease control
including: (a) activities carried out by DGSSSA to educate and
involve communities in disease control efforts such as operation of
a health education unit at the central level, creation and operation
of health education teams at local levels and an educational program
to increase community involvement;
      (b)   activities carried out by IB in health education and
community participation in disease control, including training of
local health service personnel and applied social research.
      The above program may include collaborative activities between
the Executing Agencies.
Part B:     Institutional Strengthening
1.    DGSSSA.
      A program to strengthen the institutional capabilities of
DGSSSA, such program consisting of:
      (a)   Training and In-service training:
            (i)   the provision of specialized training courses for
                  managers, administrative personnel and field
                  personnel in the areas of management
                  administration and field operations;
           (ii)   the preparation and utilization of instructional
                  materials related to the specialized training
                  courses in (a) (i) above; and
          (iii)   the provision of fellowships in epidemiology,
                  entomology and other specialized areas;
      (b)   Administration and Management.
      Provision of technical assistance in the field of management
including the carrying out of: (i) a study to review the organi-
zation and management structure of DGSSSA and make recommendations
to improve such structure; and (ii) a study to develop appropriate
indicators of the impact of the activities under Part B.1 of the
Project.
      (c)   Information Systems:
            (i)   the development and utilization of a computerized
                  epidemiological mapping system;
Page  13
           (ii)   the establishment of computerized information
                  systems for all DGSSSA endemic disease control
                  programs and supporting divisions; and
          (iii)   the training of DGSSSA personnel in information
                  systems.
      (d)   Operational Research.
      A program to provide grants for applied research in endemic
disease control.
      (e)   Infrastructure:
            (i)   the construction of a new central headquarters in
                  Maracay;
           (ii)   the construction of approximately nine regional
                  headquarters, twenty five operational bases and
                  three field training bases;
          (iii)   the expansion of the EMSA Research Center; and
           (iv)   the installation of the computerized information
                  systems referred to in (c) (ii) above.
2.    IB.
      A program to strengthen the institutional capabilities of IB,
such program consisting of:
      (a)   Training and In-service Training:
                  Provision of training and in-service training in
            respect of the leprosy, leishmaniasis and onchociaciasis
            control programs including foreign fellowships and
            training for physicians, public health auxiliaries and
            health promoters.
      (b)   Information Systems:
                  The development and implementation of a com-
            prehensive information system for IB including:
            (i)   a computerized epidemiological mapping system;
           (ii)   an information system for the onchocerciasis
                  control program; and
          (iii)   the development of the information systems
                  capacity of the dermatology services at the state
                  level.
      (c)   Administration and Management:
            (i)   the provision of training courses in
                  administration and management areas for personnel
                  at the central, state and local levels;
           (ii)   the provision of training courses in higher level
                  management for the directors of the endemic
                  disease control programs under IB;
          (iii)   a study to develop appropriate indicators of
                  impact of activities under Part B.2 of the
                  Project; and
           (iv)   a study to review the organization and management
                  structure of IB and make recommendations to
                  improve such structure.
Page  14
      (d)   Operational Research.
      A program to provide grants for applied research in endemic
disease control.
      (e)   Infrastructure.
      The construction of six training centers and approximately
forty-one rural houses to support the leprosy, leishmaniasis and
onchocerciasis control programs.
                             *   *   *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1997.
                            SCHEDULE 3
                       Amortization Schedule
                                             Payment of Principal
Date Payment Due                           (Expressed in dollars)*
On each May 15 and November 15
      beginning May 15, 1998
      through November 15, 2007                 4,700,000
