Page  1
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2732 EGT
                    Loan Agreement
             (Channel Maintenance Project)
                        between
                ARAB REPUBLIC OF EGYPT
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                 Dated March 10, 1988
                                   LOAN NUMBER 2732 EGT
                    LOAN AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated March 10, 1988, between ARAB
REPUBLIC OF EGYPT (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
     WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as
to the feasibility and priority of the Project described
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has requested the Bank
to finance part of the foreign exchange cost of the
Project;
     (B)  the Project will be carried out by the Ministry
of Public Works and Water Resources of the Borrower,
through the Implementing Agencies referred to in Section
1.02 of this Agreement;
     (C)  the technical assistance and part of the
equipment required under the Project will be financed
under bilateral arrangements between the Borrower and the
United States Agency for International Development; and
     WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Loan to the
Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
Page  2
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January
1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted
(the General Conditions), constitute an integral part of
this Agreement.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions have
the respective meanings therein set forth and the
following additional terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "Ministry" means the Ministry of Public Works
and Water Resources of the Borrower;
     (b)  "Irrigation Sector" means the undersecretariats
within the Ministry, responsible for the irrigation
sector;
     (c)  "EPADP" means the Egyptian Public Authority for
Drainage Projects, operating under the general
supervision of the Ministry;
     (d)  "IPA" means the Irrigation Public Authority,
operating under the general supervision of the Ministry;
     (e)  "PEC" means any of the Public Excavation
Companies, operating under the general supervision of the
Ministry;
     (f)  "Board" means the Channel Maintenance Board
referred to in Part A of Schedule 5 to this Agreement;
     (g)  "WRI" means the Weed Research Institute of the
Ministry;
     (h)  "Special Account" means the account referred to
in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
     (i)  "WRC" means the Water Research Center of the
Ministry; and
     (j)  "Implementing Agencies" means all entities
involved in the execution of the Project, namely, the
Ministry (and its Irrigation Sector, WRC and WRI), EPADP,
IPA and PECs.
                      ARTICLE II
                       The Loan
     Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in the Loan Agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent to forty five million dollars
($45,000,000).
     Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Loan may be
withdrawn from the Loan Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement, as such
Schedule may be amended from time to time by agreement
between the Borrower and the Bank, for expenditures made
(or, if the Bank shall so agree, to be made) in respect
of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan.
     (b)  The Borrower may, for the purposes of the
Project, open and maintain in dollars a special account
in a commercial bank to be selected by the Central Bank
of the Borrower on terms and conditions satisfactory to
the Bank. Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special
Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions
Page  3
of Schedule 6 to this Agreement.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30,
1994 or such later date as the Bank shall establish. The
Bank shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later
date.
     Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a
commitment charge at the rate of three-fourths of one per
cent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of the
Loan not withdrawn from time to time.
     Section 2.05. (a) The Borrower shall pay interest on
the principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time at a rate per annum for
each Interest Period equal to one half per cent per annum
above the Cost of Qualified Borrowings for the last
Semester ending prior to the commencement of such
Interest Period.
     (b)  As soon as practicable after the end of each
Semester, the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost
of Qualified Borrowings for such Semester.
     (c)  For the interest period commencing February 1,
1988 the interest rate shall be 7.72% per annum.
     (d)  For purposes of this Section:
          (i)  "Interest Period" means the six-month
               period commencing on each date specified
               in Section 2.06 of this Agreement,
               including the Interest Period in which
               this Agreement is signed.
          (ii) "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the
               cost of the outstanding borrowings of the
               Bank drawn down after June 30, 1982,
               expressed as a percentage per annum, as
               reasonably determined by the Bank.
          (iii)     "Semester" means the first six
                    months or the second six months of a
                    calendar year.
     Section 2.06. Interest and other charges shall be
payable semiannually on February 1 and August 1 in each
year.
     Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal
amount of the Loan in accordance with the amortization
schedule set forth in Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
               Execution of the Project
     Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, and, to this end, shall
carry out the Project through the Implementing Agencies
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate financial, engineering and administrative
practices, and shall provide, as and when needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for the Project.
     (b)  Without limitation to the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section, the Borrower shall (i)
make appropriate financial arrangements, agreeable to the
Borrower and the Bank, to ensure the availability, in a
timely manner, of all funds required for the
Page  4
implementation of the Project under the annual work
programs referred to in Schedule 5 to this Agreement, and
(ii) ensure, through suitable budgetary provisions, the
allocation to the Implementing Agencies of funds required
for the appropriate maintenance of irrigation and
drainage channels and facilities.
     (c)  Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section, the Borrower shall carry
out the Project in accordance with the Implementation
Program set forth in Schedule 5 to this Agreement, as
such Schedule may be amended from time to time by
agreement between the Borrower and the Bank.
     Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan and experts' services required for
the Project shall be governed by the provisions of
Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower, acting through the
Ministry, shall maintain records and accounts adequate to
reflect, in accordance with sound accounting practices,
the operations, resources and expenditures related to the
Project.
     (b)  The Borrower, acting through the Ministry,
shall:
          (i)  have the accounts and records referred to
               in paragraph (a) of this Section and the
               Special Account for each fiscal year
               audited, in accordance with appropriate
               auditing principles consistently applied,
               by independent auditors acceptable to the
               Bank;
          (ii) furnish to the Bank as soon as available,
               but in any case not later than six months
               after the end of each such year, the
               report of such audit by said auditors, of
               such scope and in such detail as the Bank
               shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)     furnish to the Bank such other
                    information concerning said accounts
                    and the audit thereof and said
                    records as the Bank shall from time
                    to time reasonably request.
     (c)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on the basis
of statements of expenditure, the Borrower, acting
through the Ministry, shall:
          (i)  maintain, in accordance with paragraph
               (a) of this Section, separate records and
               accounts reflecting such expenditures;
          (ii) retain, until at least one year after the
               Bank has received the audit report for
               the fiscal year in which the last
               withdrawal from the Loan Account was
               made, all records (contracts, orders,
               invoices, bills, receipts and other
               documents) evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)     enable the Bank's representatives to
Page  5
                    examine such records; and
          (iv) ensure that such separate accounts are
               included in the annual audit referred to
               in paragraph (b) of this Section and that
               the report thereof contains, in respect
               of such separate accounts, a separate
               opinion by said auditors as to whether
               the proceeds of the Loan withdrawn in
               respect of such expenditures were used
               for the purposes for which they were
               provided.
     Section 4.02. The Borrower shall cause the
Implementing Agencies to maintain their plants,
machinery, equipment and other property, and to make, as
and when needed, all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering and
financial practices
                       ARTICLE V
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 5.01. The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of the Loan
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the
General Conditions:
     (a)  the Board and its technical committee have been
duly established pursuant to Part A of Schedule 5 to this
Agreement;
     (b)  formal action required for the assignment of
the key staff referred to in Part B.2 (b)) of Schedule 5
to this Agreement has been taken; and
     (c)  regulations and a program of action,
satisfactory to the Borrower and the Bank, have been
adopted by the Ministry in accordance with Part B.4 (c)
of Schedule 5 of this Agreement, to ensure the safe
transport, storage, handling and application of
herbicides, including those to be procured under the
Project.
     Section 5.02. The date 120 days after the date of
this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of
Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VI
       Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 6.01. The Minister of International
Cooperation or the First Undersecretary for International
Finance of the Borrower is designated as representative
of the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the
General Conditions.
     Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
          Ministry of International Cooperation
          (International Finance Sector)
          8 Adly Street
          Cairo, Egypt
          Cable address:           Telex:
Page  6
               Ministry of              927-23348
                 International Cooperation
               Cairo
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
               Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INTBAFRAD           440098 (ITT),
               Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA)
or
                                    64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
          ARAB REPUBLIC OF EGYPT
          By /s/ E. Shafey
                              Authorized Representative
          INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
             RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
          By /s/ W. A. Thalwitz
                                Regional Vice President
                   Europe, Middle East and North Africa
                      SCHEDULE 1
        Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the
allocation of the amounts of the Loan to each Category
and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                       Amount of the
                      Loan Allocated       % of
                       (Expressed in   Expenditures
   Category         Dollar Equivalent)to be Financed
(1)    Goods:                           100% of foreign
                                        expenditures,
   (a) equipment       27,500,000       100% of local
       and spare                        expenditures
       parts                            (ex-factory cost)
                                        and 50% of other
   (b) herbicides      15,500,000       local expendi-
                                        tures for pre-
                                        viously imported
                                        goods
Page  7
(2)    Unallocated      2,000,000
       TOTAL           45,000,000
2. For the purposes of this Schedule:
   (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of any country other than
that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from
the territory of any country other than that of the
Borrower; and
   (b)   the term "'Local expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for goods
or services supplied from the territory of the Borrower.
3. Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph I above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made
for expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement.
                      SCHEDULE 2
              Description of the Project
   The objectives of the Project are: (a) to increase
agricultural productivity through more efficient
functioning of canals and drains; (b) to introduce
appropriate, cost-efficient methods for the maintenance
of such canals and drains; and (c) to strengthen the
institutions concerned with Project implementation.
   The Project consists of the following parts, subject
to such modifications thereof as the Borrower and the
Bank may agree upon from time to time to achieve such
objectives:
Part A:  Drainage and Irrigation Equipment, Materials
and Works
1. Provision of (i) heavy equipment, under a phased
program for the replacement of existing equipment,
including mowers, excavators, self-propelled chemical
sprayers, support machinery and vehicles and related
spare parts, and (ii) spare parts required for the
rehabilitation of existing equipment.
2. Provision of workshop equipment and tools and of data
processing and testing equipment.
3. Provision of equipment for Project operation and
administration.
4. Provision of herbicides for weed control
5. Construction of buildings for the storage of
herbicides and spare parts, expansion of repair
facilities of one of the Egyptian dredging companies and
for other related purposes.
Part B:  Institutional Development
   A program for institutional development, including
recruitment and training of staff, and expert-assisted
programs for improving the efficiency of the Implementing
Agencies in methods of channel maintenance and weed
control, use of herbicides, equipment operation and
maintenance, monitoring and evaluation and in related
planning and managerial procedures and techniques.
                   *   *   *   *   *
   The Project is expected to be completed by June 30,
1993.
Page  8
                      SCHEDULE 3
                 Amortization Schedule
                              Payment of Principal
Date Payment Due                    (expressed in
dollars)*
On each February 1 and August 1
   beginning February 1, 1992
   through   August 1, 2006             1,500,000
*  The figures in this column represent dollar
   equivalents determined as of the respective dates of
   withdrawal. See General Conditions, Sections; 3.04
   and 4.03.
                Premiums on Prepayment
   The following premiums are specified for the purposes
of Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions:
   Time of Prepayment                   Premium
                          The interest rate (expressed
                          as a percentage per annum)
                          applicable to the balance
                          outstanding on the Loan on
                          the day of prepayment
                          multiplied by:
Not more than three years               0.15
   before maturity
More than three years but               0.30
   not more than six years
   before maturity
More than six years but                 0.55
   not more than 11 years
   before maturity
More than 11 years but not              0.80
   more than 16 years
   before maturity
More than 16 years but not              0.90
   more than 18 years
   before maturity
More than 18 years before               1.00
   maturity
                      SCHEDULE 4
           Procurement and Experts' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods
Part A:  International Competitive Bidding
1. Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be
Page  9
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I
and 11 of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985
(the Guidelines).
2. To the extent practicable, goods shall be grouped in
bid packages ensuring the widest possible competition.
Part B:  Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
   In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A.1 hereof, goods
manufactured in Egypt may be granted a margin of
preference in accordance with, and subject to, the
provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines
and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:  Other Procurement Procedures
1. Spare parts, estimated to cost in the aggregate the
equivalent of not more than $6,500,000, may be procured
under contracts awarded: (a) on the basis of evaluation
of price quotations obtained from the manufacturers of
such equipment; or (b) when there is only one such
manufacturer, on the basis of direct negotiations with
such manufacturer.
2. Items of goods under Part A of the Project, estimated
to cost the equivalent of not more than $100,000 per
contract and $1,500,000 in the aggregate, may be procured
on the basis of the Borrower's procedures for competitive
bidding, provided, however, that: (i) representatives of
foreign bidders shall be allowed to bid, (ii) all bidders
shall be treated equally in terms of eligibility for any
preference or the requirement of furnishing bid or
performance bonds, and (iii) bids received after the date
stipulated for the submission of bids shall not be
considered.
3. Items of equipment for Project operation and
administration under Part B of the Project, estimated to
cost the equivalent of not more than $50,000 per contract
and $500,000 in the aggregate may be procured on the
basis of the evaluation price quotations obtained from
not less than three suppliers of such items.
Part D:  Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1. Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
   (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost
the equivalent of $500,000 or more, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract
are to be made out of the Special Account, such
procedures shall he modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished
to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be
furnished to the Bank prior to the making of the first
payment out of the Special Account in respect of such
contract.
   (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix I to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, said procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract, together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Bank pursuant, to said paragraph 3,
Page  10
shall be furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to
be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 6 to
this Agreement.
   (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs
(a) and (b) shall not apply to contracts on account of
which the Bank has authorized withdrawals from the Loan
Account on the basis of statements of expenditure. Such
contracts shall be retained in accordance with Section
4.01 (c) (ii) of this Agreement.
2. The figure of 20% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix I to the Guidelines.
Section II. Employment of Experts
   In order to assist the Borrower in the carrying out
of part B of the Project, the Borrower shall contract the
services of experts whose qualifications, experience and
terms of reference shall be satisfactory to the Bank.
                      SCHEDULE 5
                Implementation Program
A. Project Management and Coordination
   Channel Maintenance Board (the Board)
   The Board shall be established by the Ministry to
ensure effective coordination, implementation and
monitoring of the Project. It shall be chaired by a
suitably qualified, high ranking official designated by
the Minister of Public Works and Water Resources, with
membership consisting of the First Undersecretaries for
the Irrigation Sector and for Planning and Follow-up of
the Ministry, and the Chairmen of EPADP, IPA and WRC. The
Board shall be generally responsible for: (a) ensuring
the coordination in implementation schedules and in
performance among the Implementing Agencies; (b)
reviewing and approving consolidated annual work
programs, and for furnishing the same to the Bank for its
review and comments by June 30 of each year; and (c)
monitoring the status of Project execution.
   The Board shall be assisted by a technical committee
to be headed by the First Undersecretary for the
Irrigation Sector of the Ministry, with appropriate
membership from representatives of the Implementing
Agencies.
B. Project Implementation
1. Annual Work Program (AWP):
   An annual work program shall be prepared by each
Implementing Agency, by April 30 in each year, which will
include: (a) a brief description of all activities to be
undertaken in the following fiscal year, including the
portion to be implemented in the year concerned of the
integrated channel maintenance program, to be carried out
over the years 1988 through 1993; (b) an estimate of the
funding requirements for such activities, together with
a financing plan to secure the funds required in local
and foreign currencies; and (c) a review of progress
achieved, in light of targeted objectives, in Project
execution during the preceding year.
   The annual work program (consisting of the
consolidated programs prepared for the Implementing
Agencies) shall bc reviewed by the Board and shall be
furnished to the Bank, by June 30 in each year, for its
Page  11
comments.
2. Staffing:
   (a)   The Ministry shall ensure, until the completion
of the Project, that all key positions in the Irrigation
Directorates shall be filled with adequately qualified
personnel; such positions to include the General
Directors, Inspectors, District Engineers, Chief
Engineers for Maintenance and Maintenance Assistants.
   (b)   The Borrower shall strengthen: (i) the office
of the Undersecretariat of the Ministry responsible for
maintenance through the assignment to it of a director
general, a senior engineer for planning and follow-up, a
manpower specialist and his assistant, two accountants
and the required support staff; (ii) the Irrigation
Directorates and the Irrigation Districts of the
Irrigation Sector through the assignment to each of a
chief engineer for maintenance and a maintenance
assistant, respectively; (iii) the weed control unit of
WRI through the assignment to it of one senior botanist,
two weed research scientists, two laboratory technicians
and five botanically trained weed scientists and
technicians; and (iv) the monitoring and evaluation unit,
to be established within WRI for purposes of Part B of
the Project, through the assignment to it of two
analytical chemists, two computer system analysts, five
data coders, one senior monitoring engineer and five
field monitoring assistants. The key staff to be assigned
for purposes of Section 5.01 (b) of this Agreement shall
consist of the director general and the senior engineer
referred to in (i) above, one weed research scientist,
referred to in (iii) above, and two analytical chemists
and one computer system analyst referred to in (iv)
above. The remaining of the staff referred to in this
paragraph will be assigned during the 1987 fiscal year.
(c)   The Borrower shall: (i) ensure that EPADP will
review with the Bank, not later than six months before
the start of each of its fiscal years and until the
completion of the Project, the staffing requirements of
the Project during the following fiscal year, including
the required additional number of civil and agricultural
engineers; and (ii) enable and cause EPADP to fulfill
such requirements, through the provision of the necessary
resources and facilities, including financial incentives
for therecruitment and retention of staff.
   (d)   The Borrower shall ensure: (i) that the annual
work programs, referred to in Part B.1 of this Schedule
shall include the training and technical assistance and
training requirements for the Implementing Agencies under
Part B of the Project; and (ii) that a planning and
monitoring unit shall be established, by December 31,
1988, in each PEC involved in the carrying out of the
Project.
3. Procurement:
   Bid packages under the Project will be prepared by
the Implementing Agencies and be coordinated and approved
by the Board. Procurement procedures shall be undertaken
through the office of the First Undersecretary for the
Irrigation Sector with the assistance, as required, of
EPADP and the PECS.
4. Channel Maintenance Works:
   The following guidelines shall be followed for the
maintenance of channels:
Page  12
   (a)   the Irrigation Directorates of the Ministry
shall: (i) monitor, in collaboration with the concerned
agricultural cooperatives, the maintenance of mesqas
servicing not less than 200 feddans, and, where necessary
carry out required maintenance at the cost of
beneficiaries; and (ii) ensure the maintenance of smaller
mesqas by farmers and, should they fail to do so
properly, to undertake such maintenance at their cost.
   (b)   The Ministry shall ensure that: (i) channels of
up to 2m bed-width will be maintained without the use of
herbicides under contracts to be awarded on the basis of
competitive bidding procedures which shall ensure the
widest possible participation by contractors; (ii)
channels of larger bed-width will be maintained by PECs
in accordance with agreed maintenance cycles; (iii) only
trained and certified crews using proper equipment will
be in charge of the application of Herbicides; (iv)
activities under contracts shall be structured so as to
ensure the most efficient use of equipment for the whole
maintenance cycle in a given area; and (v) contractors
awarded maintenance contracts will have access to
required equipment on equal terms.
   (c)   The Ministry shall put into effect regulations
to ensure the safe transport, storage, handling and
applications of herbicides, including Acrolein. In
addition to following the general safety directives of
the Ministry and the manufacturers' recommendations, such
regulations will require, in particular, that (i)
Acrolein behandled in heavy-walled steel containers
andthat stores and equipment be kept in safe condition;
(ii) responsibility for the storage and use of herbicides
be placed with PECs whose personnel will continue to be
trained by equipment suppliers' technicians and
specialists of WRI; (iii) supervision be increased and
improved through the trained personnel of the Ministry
and EPADP; (iv) a testing and monitoring program be
established, with the assistance of a qualified chemist
by December 31, 1988; and (v) the monitoring of Acrolein
at critical locations in channels and the carrying out of
a mid-term review of the effectiveness of the safety
measures in force.
C. Project Supervision
1. The Ministry shall prepare, with the assistance of
the Irrigation Sector, WRI and appropriate experts, a
monitoring and evaluation program for the Project, to be
furnished to the Bank, for its comments, by December 31,
1988. Such programs shall include: (i) the standard
procedures to be followed by the Implementing Agencies;
(ii) the forms for data collection; and (iii) the
computerized procedures for data processing and analysis.
2. The Ministry with the assistance of experts, to the
extent required, and of the Implementing Agencies, shall
be responsible for collecting and reviewing information
regarding the physical and financial aspects of the
Project.
3. Findings and analysis of the monitoring and
evaluation program shall be included in quarterly
progress reports for the Project, prepared by the
Irrigation Sector and reviewed by the Board. Each such
report shall be furnished to the Bank within 90 days from
the end of the period covered by it.
4. The Borrower and the Bank shall undertake, at the end
of the year 1990, a mid-term review of the Project, with
a view to agreeing on any changes in Project components
and the funding requirements thereof.
Page  13
D. Cost Recovery
   During the period of Project implementation, the
Borrower and the Bank will from time to time exchange
views and reach an understanding on the specific targets
and measures for recovery of the maintenance costs of
irrigation and drainage channels. Such measures will be
discussed in the context of an action plan formulated by
the Borrower, by June 1989, in accordance with the
Borrower's regulations in force and which will aim at
achieving such cost recovery in the time frame of the
Project.
                      SCHEDULE 6
                    Special Account
1. For the purposes of this Schedule:
   (a)   the term "eligible Category" means any of the
Categories set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
   (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Loan allocated from time to
time to the eligible Categories in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule I to this Agreement; and
   (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an
amount equivalent to $3,000,000 to be withdrawn from the
Loan Account and deposited in the Special Account
pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, payments
out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively for
eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions
of this Schedule.
3. After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to
it that the Special Account has been duly opened,
withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and subsequent
withdrawals to replenish the Special Account may be made
as follows:
   (a)   On the basis of a request or requests by the
Borrower for a deposit or deposits which add up to the
aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation, the Bank
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan
Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
   (b)   The Borrower shall furnish to the Bank requests
for replenishment of the Special Account at such
intervals as the Bank shall specify. On the basis of such
requests, the Bank shall withdraw from the Loan Account
and deposit into the Special Account such amounts as
shall be required to replenish the Special Account with
amounts not exceeding the amount of payments made out of
the Special Account for eligible expenditures. All such
deposits shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the Loan
Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in
the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been
justified by the evidence supporting the request for such
deposit furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of this
Schedule.
4. For each payment made by the Borrower out of the
Special Account for which the Borrower requests
replenishment pursuant to paragraph 3 (b) of this
Page  14
Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank, prior
to or at the time of such request, such documents and
other evidence as the Bank shall reasonably request,
showing that such payment was made for eligible
expenditures.
5. (a)   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3
of this Schedule, no further deposit into the Special
Account shall be made by the Bank when either of the
following situations first arises:
      (i)    the Bank shall have determined that all
             further withdrawals should be made directly
             by the Borrower from the Loan Account in
             accordance with the provisions of paragraph
             (a) of Section 2.02 of this Agreement; or
      (ii)   the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan
             allocated to the eligible Categories, minus
             the amount of any outstanding special
             commitment entered into by the Bank
             pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General
             Conditions shall be equal to the equivalent
             of twice the amount of the Authorized
             Allocation.
   (b)   Thereafter, withdrawal from the Loan Account of
the remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated to
the eligible Categories shall follow such procedures as
the Bank shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such
further withdrawals shall be made only after and to the
extent that the Bank shall have been satisfied that all
such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account
as of the date of such notice have been or will be
utilized in making payments for eligible expenditures.
6. (a)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account (i) was made
for any expenditure or in any amount not eligible
pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule, or (ii) was not
justified by the evidence furnished pursuant to paragraph
4 of this Schedule, the Borrower shall, promptly upon
notice from the Bank, deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Bank shall so request, refund to the Bank for
crediting to the Loan Account) an amount equal to the
amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so
eligible or justified. No further deposit by the Bank
into the Special Account shall be made until the Borrower
has made such deposit or refund.
   (b)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will
not be required to cover further payments for eligible
expenditures, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice
from the Bank, refund to the Bank such outstanding amount
for crediting to the Loan Account.
