Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3943 ME
                            Guarantee Agreement
                    (Second Basic Health Care Project)
                                  between
                           UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                                    and
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                              AND DEVELOPMENT
                           Dated October 8, 1995
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3943 ME
                            GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated October 8, 1995, between UNITED MEXICAN
STATES (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Nacional Financiera, S.N.C.
(the Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasibility and
priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in the financing
of the Project; and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between
the Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to lend to the
Borrower an amount equal to three hundred and ten million
Dollars ($310,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth
in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the Guarantor
agree to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect
of such loan as provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's
entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
so to guarantee such obligations of the Borrower and to
undertake such other obligations as set forth in this
Page  2
Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                      General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan
and Guarantee Agreements for Single Currency Loans" of the
Bank, dated May 30, 1995 (the General Conditions), constitute
an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the
Preamble to and Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the
respective meanings therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                       Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. Without limitation or restriction upon any
of its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the
Guarantor hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor
and not as surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the
principal of, and interest and other charges on, the Loan, and
the premium, if any, on the prepayment of the Loan, and the
punctual performance of all the other obligations of the
Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.02. The Guarantor shall provide, or cause to be
provided, in a timely manner as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for the Project.
                                ARTICLE III
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Loan Agreement, and, to this end, shall, with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate environmental,
health, financial, technical and administrative standards and
practices, as well as in accordance with the Operational Manual
and the periodically adjustable implementation schedule and
targets set forth in Attachment III of the Implementation
Letter:
      (a)   cause Part A of the Project to be carried out by the
relevant SESA (in those Project States that have an SESA)
pursuant to the terms of the Implementation Agreement entered
into with each of said Project States;
      (b)   carry out Part A of the Project through SSA's
relevant SCSP in those Project States that have an SCSP (and
cause said Project States to cooperate with regard to such
execution of Part A of the Project pursuant to the terms of the
Implementation Agreement entered into with each of said Project
States);
      (c)   carry out Parts B and C of the Project through SSA;
and
      (d)   have the PCU (assisted by the Federal Advisory
Committee) coordinate execution of Parts A and C of the Project
by the entities referred to in paragraphs (a) through (c) of
this Section, and have the SSA's Direccion General de
Page  3
Evaluacion y Seguimiento (Directorate General for Monitoring
and Evaluation) coordinate execution of Part B of the Project.
      Section 3.02. The Guarantor shall enter into the
contractual arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 of the
Loan Agreement.  Except as the Bank may otherwise agree, the
Guarantor shall not amend or fail to enforce any provision of
such contractual arrangements.  The Guarantor shall exercise
its rights under such contractual arrangements in such a manner
as to protect the interests of the Guarantor and the Bank and
to accomplish the purposes of the Loan.
      Section 3.03. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services
required for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Loan shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1
to this Agreement.
      Section 3.04. (a) The Guarantor shall carry out or cause
to be carried out the obligations set forth in Sections 9.04,
9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions
(relating respectively to insurance, use of goods and services,
plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition) with regard to the Project.
      (b)   For the purposes of Section 9.08 of the General
Conditions, and without limitation thereto, the Guarantor
shall:
               (i)      prepare or cause to be prepared, on the
                        basis of guidelines acceptable to the
                        Bank, and furnish to the Bank not later
                        than six (6) months after the Closing Date
                        or such later date as may be agreed for
                        this purpose between the Guarantor and the
                        Bank, a plan for the future operation of
                        the Project; and
              (ii)      afford the Bank a reasonable opportunity
                        to exchange views with the Guarantor on
                        said plan.
      Section 3.05. (a) The Guarantor shall, through SSA,
maintain or cause to be maintained records and separate
accounts adequate to reflect, in accordance with sound
accounting practices, the operations, resources and
expenditures in connection with the execution of the Project.
      (b)   The Guarantor shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with generally
                  accepted auditing standards and procedures
                  consistently applied, by independent and
                  qualified auditors;
            (ii)  furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but
                  in any case not later than six months after the
                  end of each such year, the report of such audit
                  by said auditors, of such scope and in such
                  detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
           (iii)  furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts as
                  well as the audit thereof as the Bank
                  shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which
Page  4
withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on the basis of
statements of expenditure, the Guarantor shall:
            (i)   maintain, in accordance with paragraph (a) of
                  this Section, records and accounts reflecting
                  such expenditures;
            (ii)  retain, until at least one year after the Bank
                  has received the audit report for the fiscal
                  year in which the last withdrawal from the Loan
                  Account or payment out of the Special Account
                  was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;
            (iii) enable the Bank's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
            (iv)  ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                  report of such audit contains a separate
                  opinion by said auditors as to whether the
                  statements of expenditure submitted during such
                  fiscal year, together with the procedures and
                  internal controls involved in their
                  preparation, can be relied upon to support the
                  related withdrawals.
      (d)   For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals were made from the Special Account, the Guarantor
shall provide to the Borrower any information that may be
required by the Borrower to comply with the Borrower's
obligations under Section 4.01 of the Loan Agreement.
      Section 3.06. (a) The Guarantor, through SSA, shall ensure
that Loan proceeds not be expended for purposes of Project
implementation with respect to any State unless that State has
entered into, and is complying with, an Implementation
Agreement containing the terms set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement.
      (b)   The Guarantor, through SSA, shall ensure that Loan
proceeds not be expended for purposes of implementation of any
particular Subproject unless that Subproject was approved
according to the procedures set forth in Section 1 (c) (ii) of
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and is included in the relevant
action plan prepared pursuant to Section 3.10 (b) of this
Agreement.
      (c)   The Guarantor, through SSA, shall enter into, and
comply with the terms of, Implementation Agreements.  Except as
the Bank may otherwise agree, the Guarantor shall not amend or
fail to enforce any provision of such Implementation
Agreements.  The Guarantor, through SSA, shall exercise its
rights under such Implementation Agreements in such a manner as
to protect the interests of the Guarantor and the Bank and to
accomplish the purposes of the Loan.
      Section 3.07. The Guarantor, through SSA, shall carry out
Parts B.2 and B.4 of the Project during 1996 according to a
training program, satisfactory to the Bank, furnished no later
than December 31, 1995 by the Guarantor to the Bank (and shall
carry out such Parts B.2 and B.4 during subsequent years
according to the terms of the relevant action plans prepared
pursuant to Section 3.10 (b) of this Agreement).
      Section 3.08. (a) The Guarantor, through SSA, shall carry
out Part C.2 of the Project during 1996 according to a studies
program (including terms of reference), satisfactory to the
Bank, furnished no later than December 31, 1995 by the
Guarantor to the Bank (and shall carry out such Part C.2 during
Page  5
subsequent years according to the terms of the relevant action
plans prepared pursuant to Section 3.10 (b) of this Agreement).
      (b)   The Guarantor, through SSA, shall carry out Part C.3
of the Project during 1996 according to a pilot testing program
(including terms of reference), satisfactory to the Bank,
furnished no later than December 31, 1995 by the Guarantor to
the Bank (and shall carry out such Part C.3 during subsequent
years according to the terms of the relevant action plans
prepared pursuant to Section 3.10 (b) of this Agreement).
      Section 3.09. The Guarantor, through SSA, shall ensure
that Loan proceeds not be expended for computer hardware,
software and related equipment for purposes of implementing
Part C.4 (b) and (c) of the Project with respect to any State
unless:  (a) the inventory and assessment referred to in Part
C.4 (a) of the Project has been carried out with respect to
that State; and (b) the Bank has approved said expenditure.
      Section 3.10. (a) Throughout the course of Project
implementation, and without limitation of the provisions of
Section 9.07 of the General Conditions, the Guarantor (through
SSA) shall furnish to the Bank, by no later than 30 days prior
to each annual review referred to in paragraph (b) of this
Section, an annual progress report on implementation of the
Project, in form satisfactory to the Bank and based on the
implementation schedule and targets set forth in Attachment III
of the Implementation Letter and on the monitoring indicators
set forth in Attachment IV of the Implementation Letter.
      (b)   The Guarantor, through SSA and together with the
States, shall hold reviews of Project implementation with the
Bank and the Borrower every month of September during Project
implementation, beginning in September 1996.  Each such annual
review shall, based, inter alia, on the reports referred to in
paragraph (a) of this Section:
            (i)   examine the status of Project implementation;
            (ii)  result in the preparation by the Guarantor, no
                  later than each immediately subsequent January
                  15, of an annual action plan for the Project,
                  satisfactory to the Bank, to be carried out or
                  caused to be carried out by the Guarantor
                  during the fiscal year immediately subsequent
                  to such annual review, each of which action
                  plan may contain, inter alia, the periodic
                  adjustment to the implementation schedule and
                  targets referred to in Section 3.01 of this
                  Agreement (as well as adjustments to the
                  procurement plan referred to in Section I, Part
                  D.1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement); and
            (iii) in the case of the annual review to be
                  held in September 1998 and in addition to
                  the items referred to in subparagraphs (i)
                  and (ii) of this paragraph, examine in
                  particular detail the execution and impact
                  of Parts B and C of the Project, as well
                  as the Project's impact on the
                  decentralization of health sector public
                  administration.
      Section 3.11. (a) The Guarantor shall maintain, within SSA
and throughout the course of Project implementation, a Project
Coordination Unit headed by a Director General selected by SSA
and consisting of the following units, each headed by a
separate Director also selected by SSA:  (i) a unit for
coordination of Part A of the Project; (ii) a unit for
coordination of Part C of the Project; and (iii) an
administration, financing and procurement unit.  Such Director
General and Directors shall serve as temporary fixed-term staff
Page  6
of SSA throughout their tenures, and their posts shall have a
hierarchical rank equivalent to that of SSA Director Generals
and Directors, respectively.
      (b)   For each Project State with an SCSP, the Guarantor
shall maintain, within that SCSP and throughout the course of
Project implementation (but only until that SCSP is converted
into an SESA), a State Project Coordination Unit headed by a
Director selected by SSA and consisting of a maintenance unit
(if necessary) headed by another Director also selected by SSA,
as well as the following additional units, each headed by a
separate Subdirector also selected by SSA:  (i) an
implementation and supervision unit; and (ii) an
administration, financing and procurement unit.  Such SPCU
shall assist the PCU in coordinating execution of the Project
within the relevant Project State.  Such Directors and
Subdirectors shall serve as temporary fixed-term staff of SSA
throughout their tenures, and their posts shall have a
hierarchical rank equivalent to that of SSA Directors and
Subdirectors, respectively.
      (c)   For each State, the Guarantor (through SSA) shall
maintain, throughout the course of Project implementation, a
Decentralization Support Unit headed by a Director selected by
SSA and assisted by no more than three consultants selected by
SSA.  Such DSU shall assist the PCU in coordinating execution
of Parts B and C of the Project within the relevant State.
      (d)   The Guarantor (through SSA) shall, throughout the
course of Project implementation, maintain the Federal Advisory
Committee and the Guarantor's participation therein (through
membership in the Federal Advisory Committee of the officials
set forth in Attachment V of the Implementation Letter).
                                ARTICLE IV
                Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 4.01. The Director General de Credito Publico of
the Guarantor is designated as representative of the Guarantor
for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for
the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico
            Direccion General de Credito Publico
            Insurgentes Sur 826, piso 9
            Colonia del Valle
            03100 Mexico, D.F.
                                    Telex:
                                      1777313-SHOCME
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:          Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD           248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.     82987 (FTCC)
                                       64145 (WUI) or
Page  7
                                      197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                        UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                        By  /s/ Guillermo Ortiz
                                                Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                          RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                        By  /s/ Shahid Javed Burki
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                          Latin America and the Caribbean
                                SCHEDULE 1
                   Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods, Works and Printing and
            Distribution Services
Part A:  General
      Goods, works and printing and distribution services shall
be procured in accordance with the provisions of Section I of
the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA
Credits" published by the Bank in January 1995 (the Guidelines)
and the following provisions of this Section, as applicable.
Part B:  International Competitive Bidding
1.    Vehicles shall be procured under contracts awarded in
accordance with the provisions of Section II of the Guidelines
and paragraph 5 of Appendix 1 thereto.
2.    The provisions of paragraphs 2.54 and 2.55 of the
Guidelines and Appendix 2 thereto shall apply to vehicles (as
defined in paragraph 2 (e) of Schedule 1 to the Loan Agreement)
manufactured in the territory of the Guarantor to be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with the provisions of
paragraph 1 of this Part B.
Part C:  Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Limited International Bidding
      Medical equipment (estimated to cost up to $14,300,000
equivalent in the aggregate), pharmaceuticals and consumable
medical supplies (estimated to cost up to $48,900,000 in the
aggregate) and computer hardware, software and related
information system equipment (estimated to cost up to
$26,100,000 in the aggregate) may be procured under contracts
awarded in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 3.2 of
the Guidelines.  Medical equipment shall be purchased from
suppliers with established servicing facilities in Mexico.
2.    National Competitive Bidding
Page  8
       The following items may be procured under contracts
awarded in accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 3.3 and
3.4 of the Guidelines, using standard bidding documents
satisfactory to the Bank:
      (a)   Works estimated to cost the equivalent of $350,000 or
more per contract or per bid package, up to an aggregate amount
equivalent to $23,700,000 (if procured by SHAs at the central
state level); and
      (b)   Furniture, equipment (other than medical or
management information system equipment) and other goods
estimated to cost $100,000 equivalent or more per contract or
bid package but not more than $350,000 equivalent, up to an
aggregate amount equivalent to $13,400,000.
3.    Other
      (a)   The following items may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of national shopping procedures in
accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 3.5 and 3.6 of the
Guidelines:
            (i)   office furniture and equipment, estimated to
                  cost the equivalent of less than $100,000 per
                  contract or per bid package, up to an aggregate
                  amount equivalent to $1,300,000;
            (ii)  printed materials costing up to an aggregate
                  amount equivalent to $7,500,000;
            (iii) drugs and medical supplies, estimated to
                  cost the equivalent of less than $100,000
                  per contract or per bid package, up to an
                  aggregate amount equivalent to $5,400,000;
            (iv)  consumable goods not covered by paragraph 3 (a)
                  (iii) of this Part C;
            (v)   medical equipment, estimated to cost the
                  equivalent of less than $100,000 per contract
                  or per bid package, procured by organized
                  groups, municipalities or SHAs at the community
                  level, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to
                  $1,600,000;
            (vi)  motorcycles and bicycles, estimated to cost the
                  equivalent of less than $100,000 per contract,
                  up to an aggregate amount equivalent to
                  $3,400,000; and
            (vii) goods not covered under subparagraphs (i)
                  through (vi) of this paragraph (a)
                  estimated to cost less than $100,000 per
                  contract.
      (b)   Works estimated to cost the equivalent of less than
$60,000 per contract or per bid package, up to an aggregate
amount equivalent to $12,200,000, may be procured in accordance
with procedures satisfactory to the Bank (which procedures may
include direct contracting and are set forth in the Operational
Manual) if such works and services are procured by organized
groups, municipalities or SHAs at the community level.
      (c)   Distribution of educational and informational
materials, consumable medical supplies and pharmaceuticals, to
the extent not included as part of the supply contracts for
such items, may be procured under contracts awarded on the
basis of national shopping procedures in accordance with the
provisions of paragraphs 3.5 and 3.6 of the Guidelines.
Page  9
      (d)   Works estimated to cost the equivalent of less than
$350,000 per contract or per bid package, up to an aggregate
amount equivalent to $9,100,000 and if procured by SHAs at the
central state level, shall be procured under lumpsum, fixed
price contracts awarded on the basis of quotations obtained
from three qualified domestic contractors in response to a
written invitation.  The invitation shall include a detailed
description of the works, including basic specifications, the
required completion date, a basic form of agreement acceptable
to the Bank and relevant drawings, where applicable.  The award
shall be made to the contractor who offers the lowest price
quotation for the required work and who has the experience and
resources to successfully complete the contract.  To the extent
practicable, such contracts shall be grouped in bid packages
estimated to cost no less than $60,000 equivalent each.
Part D:  Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Procurement Planning
      Prior to the issuance of any invitations to bid for
contracts, the proposed procurement plan for the Project shall
be furnished to the Bank for its review and approval, in
accordance with the provisions of paragraph 1 of Appendix 1 to
the Guidelines.  Procurement of all goods, works and printing,
distribution and maintenance services shall be undertaken in
accordance with such procurement plan as shall have been
approved by the Bank, and with the provisions of said paragraph
1.
2.    Prior Review
      With respect to each of the first contract or bid package
procured per State by an SHA for items covered by Part C.2 of
this Section, as well as with respect to each contract or bid
package:  (a) covered by Parts B and C.1 of Section I of this
Schedule; (b) for works (estimated to cost more than $2,000,000
equivalent per contract or per bid package); and (c) for goods
or non-consultant services (estimated to cost more than
$350,000 equivalent per contract or per bid package), the
procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 3 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply.
3.    Post Review
      With respect to each contract not governed by paragraph 2
of this Part, the procedures set forth in paragraph 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
1.    Consultants' services (including services for information
campaigns) shall be procured under contracts awarded in
accordance with the provisions of the "Guidelines for the Use
of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981 (the
Consultant Guidelines).  For complex, time-based assignments,
such contracts shall be based on the standard form of contract
for consultants' services issued by the Bank, with such
modifications thereto as shall have been agreed by the Bank.
Where no relevant standard contract documents have been issued
by the Bank, other standard forms acceptable to the Bank shall
be used.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this
Section, the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring
prior Bank review or approval of budgets, short lists,
selection procedures, letters of invitation, proposals,
evaluation reports and contracts shall not apply to:  (a)
contracts for the employment of consulting firms estimated to
cost less than $100,000 equivalent each; or (b) contracts for
the employment of individual consultants estimated to cost less
Page  10
than $50,000 equivalent each.  However, said exceptions to
prior Bank review shall not apply to:  (a) the terms of
reference for such contracts; (b) single-source selection of
consulting firms; (c) assignments of a critical nature as
reasonably determined by the Bank; (d) amendments to contracts
for the employment of consulting firms estimated to cost
$100,000 equivalent or above or for the employment of
individual consultants estimated to cost $50,000 equivalent or
above; or (e) amendments to contracts for the employment of
consulting firms raising the contract value to $100,000
equivalent or above or for the employment of individual
consultants raising the contract value to $50,000 equivalent or
above.
3.    For purposes of this Section, services provided by
trainers and training institutions shall be considered a type
of consultants' services.
                                SCHEDULE 2
                      Implementation Agreement Terms
      Section 1. An Implementation Agreement with a Project
State shall contain terms whereby:
      (a)   the Project State, if it has an SESA, agrees to,
inter alia:
            (i)   maintain throughout the course of Project
                  implementation a State Project Coordination
                  Unit (which SPCU shall assist the PCU in
                  coordinating Project implementation within the
                  Project State) headed by a Director and
                  consisting of a maintenance unit (if necessary)
                  headed by another Director, as well as the
                  following additional units, each headed by a
                  separate Subdirector:  (A) an implementation
                  and supervision unit; and (B) an
                  administration, financing and procurement unit;
            (ii)  through SESA's Jurisdictions, annually identify
                  and prepare Subproject proposals (including
                  budgets therefor) and submit such proposals to
                  the relevant SPCU, all according to the
                  schedule, procedures and criteria set forth in
                  the Operational Manual;
           (iii)  through the relevant SPCU, select from
                  among those Subproject proposals referred
                  to in subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph
                  the ones (together with their budgets) to
                  be presented to the Guarantor for
                  approval, and thereafter present those
                  selected Subprojects to the Guarantor, all
                  according to the schedule, procedures and
                  criteria set forth in the Operational
                  Manual;
            (iv)  through SESA's Jurisdictions, with due
                  diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
                  appropriate environmental, health, financial,
                  technical and administrative standards and
                  practices, as well as in accordance with the
                  Operational Manual and the action plans
                  referred to in Section 3.10 (b) of this
                  Agreement, carry out those Subprojects which
                  the Guarantor approves from among the selected
                  Subprojects referred to in subparagraph (iii)
                  of this paragraph;
            (v)   evaluate (according to the performance
                  indicators contained in the Operational
Page  11
                  Manual), monitor and supervise Subproject
                  performance, participate in the annual reviews
                  referred to in Section 3.10 (b) of this
                  Agreement and cooperate in the preparation of
                  the annual progress reports and action plans
                  also referred to in said Section;
            (vi)  procure the goods, works and consultants'
                  services required for Subprojects and to be
                  financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
                  according to the provisions of Schedule 1 to
                  this Agreement;
            (vii) carry out or cause to be carried out the
                  obligations set forth in Sections 9.04,
                  9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the
                  General Conditions (relating respectively
                  to insurance, use of goods and services,
                  plans and schedules, records and reports,
                  maintenance and land acquisition) with
                  regard to Subprojects;
           (viii) maintain records and separate accounts and
                  carry out audits (or allow such audits to
                  be carried out) so as to permit the
                  Guarantor and the Borrower to comply in a
                  timely manner with all their obligations
                  set forth in Section 4.01 of the Loan
                  Agreement and Section 3.05 of this
                  Agreement;
            (ix)  document all Subproject expenditures properly
                  so as to allow the Borrower to justify, in a
                  manner satisfactory to the Bank, all Loan
                  proceed disbursements made from the Loan
                  Account and the Special Account in connection
                  with Subprojects;
            (x)   provide, in a timely manner each year as
                  needed, the internally generated Project State
                  counterpart budgetary resources required to
                  cover at least 10% of the cost of carrying out
                  the Subprojects approved pursuant to paragraph
                  (c) (ii) of this Section (which counterpart
                  resources shall not be used to cover non-
                  incremental salary costs);
            (xi)  assist the Guarantor in carrying out Parts B
                  and C of the Project with respect to the
                  Project State (by, inter alia, cooperating with
                  the Guarantor's relevant DSU); and
            (xii) assist the Guarantor in evaluating,
                  monitoring and supervising execution of
                  Parts B and C of the Project with respect
                  to the Project State and cooperate with
                  the Guarantor in the preparation of the
                  annual progress reports and action plans
                  referred to in Section 3.10 of this
                  Agreement to the extent such reports and
                  plans relate to such execution.
      (b)   the Project State, if it has an SCSP, agrees to,
inter alia:
            (i)   cooperate with SCSP's Jurisdictions in their
                  annual identification and preparation of
                  Subproject proposals (including budgets
                  therefor) and submission of such proposals to
                  the relevant SPCU;
            (ii)  assist the relevant SPCU in selecting from
Page  12
                  among those Subproject proposals referred to in
                  subparagraph (i) of this paragraph the ones
                  (together with their budgets) to be presented
                  to the Guarantor for approval, and in
                  thereafter presenting those selected
                  Subprojects to the Guarantor;
            (iii) assist the SCSP in carrying out those
                  Subprojects which the Guarantor approves
                  from among the selected Subprojects
                  referred to in subparagraph (ii) of this
                  paragraph;
            (iv)  assist the SCSP in evaluating, monitoring and
                  supervising Subproject performance, participate
                  in the annual reviews referred to in Section
                  3.10 (b) of this Agreement and cooperate in the
                  preparation of the annual progress reports and
                  action plans also referred to in said Section;
            (v)   provide, in a timely manner each year as
                  needed, the internally generated Project State
                  counterpart budgetary resources required to
                  cover at least 10% of the cost required to
                  carry out each of the annual investment plans
                  referred to in paragraph (c) (ii) of this
                  Section (which counterpart resources shall not
                  be used to cover non-incremental salary costs);
            (vi)  cooperate with the Guarantor in complying with
                  the terms of the Decentralization Program
                  applicable to the Project State by, inter alia,
                  converting the SCSP into an SESA and converting
                  the terms of its Implementation Agreement so as
                  to comply with the requirements set forth in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section;
            (vii) allow procurement of the goods, works and
                  consultants' services required for
                  Subprojects and to be financed out of the
                  proceeds of the Loan to be governed by the
                  provisions of Schedule 1 to this
                  Agreement; and
           (viii) carry out the same obligations as set
                  forth in subparagraphs (xi) and (xii) of
                  paragraph (a) of this Section; and
      (c)   the Guarantor, through SSA, agrees to, inter alia:
            (i)   maintain a DSU with respect to the Project
                  State throughout the course of implementation
                  of Parts B and C of the Project;
            (ii)  annually approve Subprojects (and budgets
                  therefor), according to the schedule,
                  procedures and criteria set forth in the
                  Operational Manual, from among those selected
                  pursuant to paragraph (a) (iv) of this Section
                  (the group of such annually approved
                  Subprojects per Project State for any given
                  year, plus the technical assistance and other
                  support to be provided for such Project State
                  for such year pursuant to subparagraph (v) of
                  this paragraph, shall constitute the annual
                  investment plan for such Project State for such
                  year);
            (iii) through SCSP Jurisdictions (for those
                  Project States with an SCSP), with due
                  diligence and efficiency and in conformity
                  with appropriate environmental, health,
Page  13
                  financial, technical and administrative
                  standards and practices, as well as in
                  accordance with the Operational Manual and
                  the action plans referred to in Section
                  3.10 (b) of this Agreement, carry out
                  those Subprojects which the Guarantor
                  approves from among the selected
                  Subprojects referred to in subparagraph
                  (ii) of this paragraph;
            (iv)  provide, in a timely manner each year as needed
                  and as set forth in the Operational Manual, the
                  Loan proceeds and federal counterpart budgetary
                  resources required to cover at most 90% of the
                  cost of carrying out the Subprojects approved
                  pursuant to subparagraph (ii) of this
                  paragraph;
            (v)   provide the relevant SPCU with technical
                  assistance under Part C.4 of the Project and
                  (for Project States with an SCSP) also provide
                  support (such as training, consultant services
                  and technical assistance) under Part B of the
                  Project for purposes of assisting the Project
                  State in complying with the terms of the
                  Decentralization Program; and
            (vi)  cooperate with each Project State (which has an
                  SCSP) to ensure that the Decentralization
                  Program is adhered to with respect to that
                  Project State.
      Section 2. An Implementation Agreement with a State (other
than a Project State) shall contain terms whereby:
      (a)   the State agrees to, inter alia:
            (i)   assist the Guarantor in evaluating, monitoring
                  and supervising execution of Parts B and C of
                  the Project with respect to the State and
                  cooperate with the Guarantor in the preparation
                  of the annual progress reports and action plans
                  referred to in Section 3.10 of this Agreement
                  to the extent such reports and plans relate to
                  such execution;
            (ii)  assist the Guarantor in carrying out Parts B
                  and C of the Project with respect to the State
                  (by, inter alia, cooperating with the
                  Guarantor's relevant DSU);
            (iii) cooperate with the Guarantor in complying
                  with the terms of the Decentralization
                  Program applicable to the State; and
      (b)   the Guarantor agrees to, inter alia:
            (i)   provide the relevant State each year with
                  technical assistance under Part C.4 of the
                  Project;
            (ii)  also provide (for States with an SCSP) support
                  each year (such as training, consultant
                  services and technical assistance) under Part B
                  of the Project for purposes of assisting the
                  State in complying with the terms of the
                  Decentralization Program (all as part of an
                  investment plan to be prepared each year by the
                  Guarantor for the State); and
            (iii) cooperate with each State (which has an
                  SCSP) to ensure that the Decentralization
Page  14
                  Program is adhered to with respect to that
                  State.
      Section 3. In the case of Project States, Implementation
Agreements shall be signed on behalf of a Project State by its
Governor.
