Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                            CANADIAN GRANT RELATED TO LOAN NUMBER 3831 UA
                         Canadian Grant Agreement
                         (Rehabilitation Project)
                                  between
                                  UKRAINE
                                    and
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                              AND DEVELOPMENT
                    as Administrator of Canadian Funds
                              provided by the
            BUREAU OF ASSISTANCE FOR CENTRAL AND EASTERN EUROPE
            OF EXTERNAL AFFAIRS AND INTERNATIONAL TRADE CANADA
                          Dated December 23, 1994
                            CANADIAN GRANT RELATED TO LOAN NUMBER 3831 UA
                         CANADIAN GRANT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated December 23, 1994, between UKRAINE (the
Recipient) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT acting as Administrator (the Administrator) of the
Canadian Grant (as hereinafter defined) provided by Her Majesty
the Queen in Right of Canada ("Her Majesty") herein represented
by the Secretary of State for External Affairs, acting through
the Bureau of Assistance for Central and Eastern Europe of
External Affairs and International Trade Canada ("the Bureau").
      WHEREAS the Recipient has requested the assistance of the
International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (the
Bank) and the Bureau in the financing of urgently needed
imports required during the execution of its program of
actions, objectives and policies designed to achieve economic
stabilization and structural reforms in the Recipient's economy
described in a letter from the Recipient to the Bank, dated
November 30, 1994;
      WHEREAS the Bank has made a Loan for this purpose (the
Rehabilitation Loan) on the terms and conditions set forth in
a Loan Agreement (Loan No. 3831 UA) of even date herewith
between the Recipient and the Bank (the IBRD Loan Agreement);
Page  2
      WHEREAS the Bureau wishes to make available to the
Recipient a grant in the amount of ten million dollars
($10,000,000) (the Canadian Grant) to assist the Recipient in
the financing of urgently needed imports on the terms and
conditions hereinafter set forth;
      WHEREAS pursuant to the Trust Agreement, entered into
between the Bureau and the Bank dated December 23, 1994 (the
Trust Agreement), the Bureau has appointed the Bank, and the
Bank has agreed, to administer grant funds to be made available
by the Bureau for the cofinancing of Rehabilitation Loan with
the provisions of the Trust Agreement and has authorized the
Bank to do all such acts and things as may be necessary or
appropriate to carry out such administration, including
entering into this Grant Agreement on behalf of the Bureau;
      WHEREAS the Recipient acknowledges that the financial
assistance extended to the Recipient under this agreement (the
Canadian Grant Agreement) shall be considered part of the
bilateral development aid extended by the Government of Canada
to the Recipient;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                      General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. (a) The following provisions of the General
Conditions Applicable to Loan and Guarantee Agreements of the
Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the modifications set forth
in paragraph (b) of this Section (the General Conditions)
constitute an integral part of this Agreement:
            (i)   Article I;
           (ii)   Sections 2.01 (1), (2), (3), (4), (6), (8),
                  (9), (10), (11), (18) and (20), 2.02 and 2.03;
          (iii)   Section 3.01;
           (iv)   Section 4.01 and the first sentence of
                  Section 4.09;
            (v)   Article V;
           (vi)   Sections 6.01, 6.02 (a), (c), (d), (e), (f),
                  (i) and (k), 6.03, 6.04 and 6.06;
          (vii)   Section 8.01 (b);
         (viii)   Sections 9.01 (a) and (c), 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
                  9.07, 9.08 and 9.09;
           (ix)   Sections 10.01, 10.03 and 10.04; and
            (x)   Article XI.
      (b)   The General Conditions shall be modified as follows:
            (i)   the term "Bank", wherever used in the General
                  Conditions, other than in Sections 2.01 (8) and
                  6.02 (f) thereof and the last use of such term
                  in Section 5.01 thereof, means the
                  International Bank for Reconstruction and
                  Development acting as Administrator of the
                  Canadian Grant pursuant to the Trust Agreement,
                  except that in Section 6.02, the term "Bank"
                  shall also include the International Bank for
                  Reconstruction and Development acting in its
                  own capacity;
Page  3
           (ii)   the term "Borrower", wherever used in the
                  General Conditions, means the Recipient;
          (iii)   the term "Loan Agreement", wherever used in the
                  General Conditions, means this Agreement except
                  that in Section 6.02 (a), the term "Loan
                  Agreement" means the IBRD Loan Agreement;
           (iv)   the term "Loan", wherever used in the General
                  Conditions, means the Canadian Grant extended
                  to the Recipient under this Agreement;
            (v)   the term "Loan Account", wherever used in the
                  General Conditions means the Canadian Grant
                  Account opened by the Administrator on its
                  books in the name of the Recipient, to which
                  the amount of the Canadian Grant is credited;
                  and
           (vi)   Section 4.01 shall be modified to read:
                  "Withdrawals from the Canadian Grant Account
            shall be made in dollars; provided, however, that if
            the expenditures to be financed out of the Canadian
            Grant have been paid or are payable in another
            currency, the Administrator shall, at the request of
            the Recipient, purchase such currency with the
            proceeds of such withdrawal."
      Section 1.02. Wherever used in this Agreement, unless the
context otherwise requires, the several terms defined in the
General Conditions, in the Recitals to this Agreement and in
the IBRD Loan Agreement have the respective meanings therein
set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                                 The Grant
      Section 2.01. The Administrator agrees to make available
to the Recipient, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in this Agreement, a grant in an amount of ten
million dollars ($10,000,000).
      Section 2.02. The amount of the Canadian Grant may be
withdrawn from the Canadian Grant Account in accordance with
the provisions of the Schedule to this Agreement, as such
Schedule may be amended from time to time by agreement between
the Recipient and the Administrator, for expenditures made (or,
if the Administrator shall so agree, to be made) in respect of
the reasonable cost of goods and services required for the
Project and to be financed out of the Canadian Grant.
      Section 2.03. (a) Except as the Administrator shall
otherwise agree, goods required for the Project and to be
financed out of the Canadian Grant shall be procured in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 3 to the IBRD Loan
Agreement.
      (b)   If the Administrator shall have reasonably determined
that the procurement of any items is inconsistent with the
procedures set forth or referred to in paragraph (a) above, no
expenditures for such item shall be financed out of the
proceeds of the Canadian Grant, and the Administrator may,
without in any way restricting or limiting any other right,
power or remedy of the Administrator under this Agreement, by
notice to the Recipient, cancel such amount of the Canadian
Grant as, in the Administrator's reasonable opinion, represents
the amount of such expenditures which would otherwise have been
eligible for financing out of the proceeds of the Canadian
Grant.
Page  4
      Section 2.04. The Bank shall not be obliged to make
disbursements under this Agreement except to the extent it
shall have received funds for the purpose from the Bureau.
      Section 2.05. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1996 or
such later date as the Administrator shall establish. The
Administrator shall promptly notify the Recipient of such later
date.
                                ARTICLE III
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) Except as otherwise expressly provided
herein, Articles III and IV of the IBRD Loan Agreement,
including the Schedules referred to therein, are hereby
incorporated into this Agreement with the same force and effect
as if they were fully set forth herein, it being understood
that all references in said Articles to the "Bank" shall be
deemed to be references to the Bank as Administrator of the
Canadian Grant under this Agreement, all references to the
"Borrower" shall be deemed to be references to the Recipient,
and all references to the "Loan" and the "Loan Account" shall
be deemed to be references to the Canadian Grant and the
Canadian Grant Account, respectively.
      (b)   All references in the IBRD Loan Agreement to the
Special Account do not apply to, and do not constitute a part
of, this Agreement.
                                ARTICLE IV
                    Transfer of Rights and Obligations
      Section 4.01. In accordance with the Trust Agreement, the
rights and obligations of the Administrator under this
Agreement may be transferred to the Bureau. The Recipient
accepts and agrees that, upon notice by the Administrator to
the Recipient to that effect, the Bureau shall, ipso facto,
from the date specified in such notice, be substituted in all
rights and obligations of the Administrator under this
Agreement as if the Bureau had been an original party to this
Agreement, without any further action or formality being
required on the part of any party and, from such date, the
Administrator shall cease to have any rights or obligations as
a party under this Agreement.
                                 ARTICLE V
                               Effectiveness
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall become effective on the
later of (i) the date on which the IBRD Loan Agreement becomes
effective, or (ii) the date first above written and shall
continue in effect until the Canadian Grant has been fully
disbursed and the parties to this Agreement have fulfilled
their obligations hereunder.
                                ARTICLE VI
                              Representation
      Section 6.01. The Minister of Finance of the Recipient is
designated as representative of the Recipient for the purposes
of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified for
the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Recipient:
            Ministry of Finance
            12/2 Hrushevsky Street
Page  5
            Kyiv, Ukraine 252008
                                          Telex:
                                            131450
      For the Administrator:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names as of the day
and year first above written.
                  UKRAINE
                  By /s/ Yuriy Mykolayovich Shcherbak
                                                Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                  as Administrator of Canadian Funds
                  Provided by the
                  BUREAU OF ASSISTANCE FOR CENTRAL AND
                    EASTERN EUROPE OF EXTERNAL AFFAIRS AND
                    INTERNATIONAL TRADE CANADA
                  By /s/ Wilfried Thalwitz
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                                  Europe and Central Asia
                                 SCHEDULE
                     Withdrawal of the Canadian Grant
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the Canadian Grant, the allocation of the
amounts of the Canadian Grant to each Category and the
percentage of expenditures for items so to be financed in each
Category:
                               Amount of the
                              Grant Allocated                % of
                               (Expressed in              Expenditures
Category                          Dollars)               to be Financed
    Goods                       10,000,000               100% of foreign
                                                         expenditures
Page  6
                                __________
         TOTAL                  10,000,000
                                ==========
2.  For the purposes of this Schedule the term "foreign
expenditures" means expenditures in the currency of any country
other than that of the Recipient for goods or services supplied
from the territory of any country other than that of the
Recipient.
3.  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made and no commitments shall be entered
into to pay amounts to the Recipient or others in respect of
payments made for expenditures for goods included in the SITC
groups or subgroups listed in subparagraph 2 (c) of Schedule 1
to the IBRD Loan Agreement and for goods specified in
subparagraph 2 (g) of the said Schedule.
