Page  1
                                                  CONFORMED COPY
                                             LOAN NUMBER 3745 PH
                            Guarantee Agreement
                       (Subic Bay Freeport Project)
                                  between
                        REPUBLIC OF THE PHILIPPINES
                                    and
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                              AND DEVELOPMENT
                            Dated June 3,  1994
                                                       LOAN NUMBER 3745 PH
                            GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 3, 1994, between REPUBLIC OF THE PHILIPPINES
(the "Guarantor") and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the "Bank").
      WHEREAS (A): The Guarantor and the Subic Bay Metropolitan Authority
(the "Borrower"), having been satisfied as to the feasibility and priority
of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, have requested
the Bank to assist in the financing of the Project; and
      WHEREAS (B): By the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower a loan
in various currencies equivalent to forty million dollars ($40,000,000), on
the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on
condition that the Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of the
Borrower in respect of such loan and to undertake such other obligations,
all as provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS (C): The Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to guarantee such
obligations of the Borrower and to undertake such other obligations.
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                                 ARTICLE I
                      General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and Guarantee
Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the modifications set
forth below (the "General Conditions") constitute an integral part of this
Agreement:
      (a)   The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      (b)   In Section 6.02, sub-paragraph (k) is re-lettered as sub-
paragraph (l) and a new sub-paragraph (k) is added to read:
      "(k)  An extraordinary situation shall have arisen under which
            any further withdrawals under the Loan would be
            inconsistent with the provisions of Article III, Section
            3 of the Bank's Articles of Agreement."
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble to and Section 1.02
of the Loan Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                       Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. Without limitation or restriction upon any of its other
obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor hereby
unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not as surety merely, the
due and punctual payment of the principal of, and interest and other charges
on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on the prepayment of the Loan, and
the punctual performance of all the other obligations of the Borrower, all
as set forth in the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Without limitation or restriction upon the provisions
of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the Guarantor specifically undertakes,
whenever there is reasonable cause to believe that the funds available to
the Borrower will be inadequate to meet the estimated expenditures required
for the carrying out of the Project, to make arrangements, satisfactory to
the Bank, promptly to provide the Borrower or cause the Borrower to be
provided with such funds as are needed to meet such expenditures.
                                ARTICLE III
                              Other Covenants
      Section 3.01.  Without limitation or restriction upon the provisions
of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the Guarantor shall:
      (a) Take, or cause to be taken, all action required on its part to
enable the Borrower, promptly as required, to carry out all of its
obligations under the Loan Agreement; and
      (b) Exchange views with the Bank and the Borrower on any proposed
amendments to the Law, or otherwise any proposed policy modifications
affecting the Borrower's Freeport Status.
                                ARTICLE IV
                Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 4.01. The Secretary of Finance of the Guarantor is designated
as representative of the Guarantor for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the
General Conditions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the purposes
of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
Page  3
      For the Guarantor:
            Secretary of Finance
            Department of Finance
            Manila
            Republic of the Philippines
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  SECFIN                  40268 CB-CONF
                  Manila
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
                 Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD               248423 (RCA),
                  Washington, D.C.         82987 (FTCC),
                                           64145 (WUI) or
                                          197688 (TRT).
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly
authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in the District of Columbia, United States of America, as
of the day and year first above written.
                              REPUBLIC OF THE PHILIPPINES
                              By  /s/ Roberto F. De Ocampo
                                                Authorized Representative
                              INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                                RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                              By /s/ Gautam S. Kaji
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                                    East Asia and Pacific
