Page  1
                                                          CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2005-GH
                                                (Second Amendment)
               (Second Structural Adjustment Credit)
                              between
                         REPUBLIC OF GHANA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                      Dated December 21, 1990
                                DEVELOPMENT CREDIT NUMBER 2005-GH
                                                (Second Amendment)
                     SECOND AGREEMENT AMENDING
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated December 21, 1990, between the REPUBLIC OF
GHANA (the Borrower) and the INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower and the Association have entered into
a Development Credit Agreement (Second Structural Adjustment
Credit), dated May 1, 1989, (the Development Credit Agreement) for
the purpose of assisting in the financing of the program referred to
in Recital (A) of the Preamble to the Development Credit Agreement
(the Program);
      (B)   the Borrower and the Association have entered into a
agreement dated January 19, 1990, (First Amending Agreement)
amending the Development Credit Agreement for the purpose of
providing the Borrower with additional assistance in the financing
of the Program; and
Page  2
      (C)   the Borrower has requested the Association to provide
additional assistance towards the financing of the Program by
increasing the amount made available under the Development Credit
Agreement by an amount in various currencies equivalent to six
million Special Drawing Rights (SDR 6,000,000); and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to provide such additional assistance to the
Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                   Amendments of the Development
                         Credit Agreement
      Section 1.01. Section 1.02 of the Development Credit Agreement
is amended by the replacement of Subsection (c) by the following:
            (c)   "Second Amending Agreement" means the Agreement
      Amending the Development Credit Agreement (Second Structural
      Adjustment Credit) between the Borrower and the Association,
      dated                       ."
      Section 1.02. Section 2.01 of the Development Credit Agreement
is amended to read as follows:
            "Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
      Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
      in the Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various
      currencies equivalent to ninety-nine million eight hundred
      thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 99,800,000) (the Credit),
      which includes an original amount in various currencies
      equivalent to eighty-nine million two hundred thousand Special
      Drawing Rights (SDR 89,200,000) (the Initial Financing), an
      additional amount in various currencies equivalent to four
      million six hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
      (SDR 4,600,000) (the First Additional Financing) and an
      additional amount in various currencies equivalent to six
      million Special Drawing Rights (SDR 6,000,000) (the Second
      Additional Financing)."
      Section 1.03. An additional proviso is added at the end of
Section 2.04 (b) of the Development Credit Agreement reading as
follows:
            "; provided, however, that any commitment charge on the
      Second Additional Financing shall accrue from a date sixty
      days after the date of the Second Amending Agreement."
      Section 1.04. The following paragraph is added at the end of
Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement:
            "6. After a date twelve months from the date of the
      Second Amending Agreement, no withdrawals shall be made and no
      commitment shall be entered into to pay amounts to or on the
      order of the Borrower in respect of expenditures to be
      financed out of the proceeds of the Second Additional
      Financing. At any time after such date, the Association may,
      by notice to the Borrower, cancel the unwithdrawn amount of
      the Second Additional Financing from the Credit Account or any
      part thereof."
                           ARTICLE II
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 2.01. This Agreement shall not become effective until
evidence satisfactory to the Association shall have been furnished
to the Association that the execution and delivery of this Agreement
on behalf of the Borrower have been duly authorized or ratified by
Page  3
all necessary governmental action.
      Section 2.02. As part of the evidence to be furnished pur-
suant to Section 2.01 of this Agreement, there shall be furnished to
the Association an opinion or opinions satisfactory to the
Association of counsel acceptable to the Association showing, on
behalf of the Borrower, that this Agreement has been duly authorized
or ratified by, and executed and delivered on behalf of, the
Borrower and is legally binding upon the Borrower in accordance with
its terms.
      Section 2.03. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Association shall dispatch to the
Borrower notice of its acceptance of the evidence required by
Section 2.01 of this Agreement.
      Section 2.04. If this Agreement shall not have come into force
and effect by a date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement, this Agreement and all obligations of the parties
hereunder shall terminate, unless the Association establishes a
later date for the purposes of this Section. If this Agreement shall
terminate under the provisions of this Section, the Development
Credit Agreement shall continue in full force and effect, as if this
Agreement had not been executed.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        REPUBLIC OF GHANA
                        By Joseph L. S. Abbey
                                         Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        By /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
