Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3310 ME
        (Decentralization and Regional Development Project)
                              between
                       UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                        Dated June 26, 1991
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3310 ME
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 26, 1991, between UNITED MEXICAN STATES
(the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Nacional Financiera, S.N.C. (the
Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasibility and priority
of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, have
requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the Project;
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to three hundred and fifty
million dollars ($350,000,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the
Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in
respect of such loan and to undertake such other obligations as set
forth in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower and to undertake such
other obligations as set forth in this Agreement;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, (the
General Conditions), with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this
Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions, and in the Preamble
to and Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. Without limitation or restriction upon any of
its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor
hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not as
surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and
interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on
the prepayment of the Loan, the punctual performance of all the
other obligations of the Borrower as set forth in the Loan
Agreement, the punctual performance of all the obligations of the
Project States under the PNS Manual, the Project State Agreements
and the Municipal Solidarity Fund Agreements and the punctual
performance of the Participating Municipalities under the Municipal
Solidarity Fund Agreements.
      Section 2.02. The Guarantor shall enter into the contractual
arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 of the Loan Agreement and,
except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, shall not change or fail
to enforce any provisions of such contractual arrangements.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement and, to this end, without any limitation or restriction
upon any of its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement,
acting through SPP and the other Federal Entities, shall: (a) carry
out the Project, in conjunction with the Executing Agencies, with
due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
financial, technical, administrative and environmental standards and
practices and shall provide, or cause to be provided, in a timely
manner, the funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for the Project; (b) cause each Project State and Participating
Municipality to perform (in accordance with the provisions of the
PNS Manual, the relevant Project State Agreement and Municipal
Solidarity Fund Agreement) all the respective obligations of the
Executing Agency in question therein set forth; and (c) not to take
or permit to be taken any action which would prevent or interfere
with such performance.
      Section 3.02. (a) Without limitation to Section 3.01 above,
the Guarantor shall:
            (i)    annually enter into an agreement, satisfactory
                   to the Bank, with each Project State for
                   purposes of making available, through budgetary
                   allocations, a portion of the proceeds of the
                   Loan required for the execution of the Parts of
                   the Project assigned to such Project State, such
                   agreement to be signed on behalf of the Project
Page  3
                   State by the Project State's Governor and to
                   contain, inter alia: (A) a program of actions
                   the Project State commits to undertake in order
                   to further its decentralization process and
                   improve its system of revenue-sharing and tax
                   collection; and (B) the terms and conditions set
                   forth in Part A of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
            (ii)   in respect of Investment Subprojects to be
                   carried out by Participating Municipalities,
                   through a Municipal Solidarity Fund, annually
                   enter into an agreement, satisfactory to the
                   Bank, with each Participating Municipality and
                   respective Project State for purposes of making
                   available, through budgetary allocations, a
                   portion of the proceeds of the Loan required for
                   the execution of such Investment Subprojects,
                   such agreement to contain the terms and
                   conditions referred to in the MSF Operational
                   Directive including those in Part B of Schedule
                   1 to this Agreement; and
            (iii)  annually enter into a CUD with each Project
                   State which obligates the Project State to
                   comply with the terms of the PNS Manual and
                   specifies that the Governor of the Project State
                   may sign Project State Agreements in connection
                   with such CUD.
      In cases where the Fiscal Year to which a CUD or Project State
Agreement formally applies has ended, such CUD or Project State
Agreement shall nevertheless be deemed for purposes of this Project
to remain in effect for an additional six months or until the next
CUD or Project State Agreement, respectively, for the particular
Project State in question has been executed (whichever is sooner).
      (b)   The Guarantor shall exercise its rights under each
Project State Agreement and Municipal Solidarity Fund Agreement in
such a manner as to protect the interests of the Borrower, the
Guarantor and the Bank, and to accomplish the purposes of the Loan,
and, except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, the Guarantor shall
not assign, amend, abrogate or waive any of said agreements or any
provisions thereof.
      Section 3.03. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan
Agreement.
      Section 3.04. The Guarantor shall maintain the Federal Project
Unit and the Regional Planning Centers with staffing, functions,
responsibilities and organizational structure satisfactory to the
Bank.
      Section 3.05. Without limitation upon the obligations under
Sections 9.06 and 9.07 of the General Conditions, the Guarantor,
through SPP, shall: (a) not later than January 31 in each year
during the execution of the Project, in conjunction with each
Project State, furnish to the Bank for its review and approval: (i)
the proposed Annual Operating Plan (Plan Operativo Anual) in respect
of each Project State; (ii) proposed annual programs for the
execution of Part D of the Project in respect of each Project State
and the annual operational program for the execution of Part C.4 of
the Project; and (iii) through the SPP Monitoring and Evaluation
Unit, an evaluation report on the Project of such scope and detail
as the Bank may reasonably request; (b) exchange views with the
Borrower, each Project State and the Bank, in each month of February
during the execution of the Project, on the progress of the Project,
each Annual Operating Plan for each Project State carried out during
the previous year, and the Program; (c) not later than six months
after the end of each Fiscal Year during the execution of the
Project, furnish to the Bank for its review and comment a progress
Page  4
report, in such detail and of such scope as the Bank may reasonably
request, on the execution of the Project; and (d) furnish to the
Bank, on a quarterly basis, a list, satisfactory to the Bank, of
those Investment Subprojects authorized during the prior three
months by SPP for financing under this Project.
      Section 3.06. (a) The Bank, in reviewing each Annual Operating
Plan for purposes of its approval pursuant to Section 3.05 (a) (i)
of this Agreement, shall apply the poverty alleviation indicators
agreed with the Guarantor.
      (b)   The Bank shall not finance any activities under the
Project, unless such activities are included in an Annual Operating
Plan approved by the Bank, as such Annual Operating Plan may be
amended from time to time as agreed by the Bank and the Guarantor.
      Section 3.07. The Bank shall, during the exchange of views
referred to in Section 3.05 (b) of this Agreement, assess the
progress made in the implementation of each Annual Operating Plan in
the previous year. If such progress is not satisfactory to the Bank,
the Guarantor and the respective Project State shall promptly
implement the remedial actions and introduce the changes to the
proposed Annual Operating Plans which the Bank may recommend.
      Section 3.08. (a) The Guarantor shall, and shall cause each
Executing Entity to, appraise and select Investment Subprojects in
accordance with a methodology and criteria included in the PNS
Manual.
      (b)   As part of, and without limitation to, the foregoing,
the Guarantor shall:
            (i)    by October 31, 1991, exchange views with the
                   Bank on the application of the appraisal and
                   selection system of Investment Subprojects set
                   forth in the MSF Operational Directive and,
                   based on such exchange of views and at the
                   request of the Bank, introduce adjustments to
                   improve the effectiveness of such system; and
            (ii)   by November 30, 1991, amend the PNS Manual for
                   the Project States, in form and substance
                   satisfactory to the Bank, to incorporate an
                   improved appraisal and selection system for Type
                   A Investment Subprojects based on the appraisal
                   and selection system set forth in the MSF
                   Operational Directive as adjusted according to
                   (i) above.
      (c)   Unless otherwise agreed by the Bank and the Guarantor
and subject to paragraph (b) above, the Guarantor shall not amend,
abrogate, waive or fail to enforce the PNS Manual or MSF Operational
Directive or any part thereof.
      Section 3.09. The Guarantor, through SPP, shall provide, or
shall cause each Project State and Federal Entity to provide to the
Bank, by each February during the execution of the Project,
evidence, satisfactory to the Bank, that the necessary allocations
have been made in the respective annual budgets for recurrent
expenditures in connection with Investment Subprojects under
Parts A.4 and A.5 of the Project.
      Section 3.10. The Guarantor, through SPP, shall carry out, or
cause to be carried out by the Executing Agencies, the obligations
set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the
General Conditions (relating respectively to insurance, use of goods
and services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition) with regard to the Project.  As part of its
obligation pursuant to Section 9.07 of the General Conditions, the
Guarantor shall maintain a collection, which shall be open to Bank
inspection at any time as the Bank may reasonably request, of all
Municipal Solidarity Fund Agreements, Convenios and Investment
Subproject descriptions referred to in Section 3.15 or Schedule 1,
Page  5
Part B of this Agreement.
      Section 3.11. The Guarantor shall carry out, or cause to be
carried out, Part D of the Project in accordance with annual
programs, satisfactory to the Bank, for each Project State, such
programs to be based on the general frame of reference agreed
between the Guarantor and the Bank as provided in the letter of even
date herewith.
      Section 3.12. The Guarantor shall take, or cause to be taken,
from time to time, all necessary actions, satisfactory to the Bank
and the Guarantor, as shall be required to reflect the changes in
the responsibilities for the carrying out of any Part of the Project
resulting from the implementation of the Program.
      Section 3.13. The Guarantor shall, through CNA: (a) review
Investment Subprojects under Part A.6 of the Project; and (b) assist
the respective water agencies or entities in each Project State in
the preparation of the referred Investment Subprojects and in the
development of programs for institutional strengthening of such
agencies or entities.
      Section 3.14. The Guarantor: (a) shall not undertake, and
cause not to be undertaken, any road construction within the Montes
Azules Reserve Area and for such purposes shall take, and cause to
be taken, all necessary and adequate measures to forbid such
construction by any individual or entity; and
      (b)   submit to the Bank an environmental assessment,
satisfactory to the Bank, prior to starting the construction of any
large road within the Selva Lacandona Region.
      Section 3.15.  Prior to the commencement of any Investment
Subproject, a description of such Investment Subproject must be
prepared in the SOL-2 format described in the PNS Manual.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Guarantor, through SPP, shall maintain,
or cause to be maintained, separate records and accounts adequate to
reflect, in accordance with sound accounting practices, the
operations, resources and expenditures in respect of the Project of
the Federal Entities responsible for carrying out the Project or any
part thereof.
      (b)   The Guarantor shall:
            (i)    have its records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section, as well as the
                   records and accounts maintained pursuant to Part
                   A.1 (d) and Part B.1 (d) of Schedule 1 to this
                   Agreement, for each Fiscal Year audited, in
                   accordance with generally accepted auditing
                   standards and procedures consistently applied,
                   by independent and qualified auditors;
            (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year, a certified copy of the
                   report of such audit by said auditors, of such
                   scope and in such detail as the Bank shall have
                   reasonably requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records and accounts as well as
                   the audit thereof as the Bank shall from time to
                   time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
Page  6
expenditure, the Guarantor shall provide to the Borrower all records
and accounts necessary to allow the Borrower to perform its
obligations punctually under Section 4.01 (c) of the Loan Agreement.
                             ARTICLE V
            Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 5.01. The Director General de Captacion de Credito
Externo of the Guarantor is designated as representative of the
Guarantor for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 5.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico
            Direccion General de Captacion de Credito Externo
            Palacio Nacional
            Primer Patio Mariano, piso 4
            Despacho 4037
            06066 Mexico, D.F.
            Mexico
                                           Telex:
                                             1777313 SHDCME
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
                 Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in Mexico City, Mexico, as of the
day and year first above written.
                               UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                               By /s/ Jose Angel Gurria
                                         Authorized Representative
                               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                               RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                               By /s/ Rainer B. Steckhan
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                            SCHEDULE 1
A.    Terms and Conditions of the Project State Agreements
1.    Obligations of each Project State
Page  7
      (a)   Carry out its part of the Project, through the State
Entities, and, in conjunction with the Participating Municipalities
therein, with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate financial, technical, administrative and environmental
standards;
      (b)   provide, or cause to be provided, in a timely manner,
the funds, facilities, services and other resources required to
carry out the parts of the Project in the Project State in question;
      (c)   have the provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement
apply to any procurement of goods, works or services to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Loan for purposes of the parts of the
Project to be carried out by the Project State in question;
      (d)   maintain, or cause to be maintained, separate records
and accounts adequate to reflect, in accordance with consistently
maintained sound accounting practices, the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of the parts of the Project to be carried
out by the Project State in question;
      (e)   carry out, or cause to be carried out, the obligations
set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the
General Conditions with regard to parts of the Project to be carried
out by the Project State in question;
      (f)   maintain the State Project Unit with staffing,
functions, responsibilities and organizational structure
satisfactory to the Guarantor and the Bank;
      (g)   participate in the exchange of views referred to in
Section 3.05 (b) of this Agreement;
      (h)   cooperate in the monitoring and evaluation activities
undertaken in accordance with the Monitoring and Evaluation System;
      (i)   carry out, and cause the Participating Municipalities
therein to carry out, the respective activities under Part D of the
Project, in accordance with programs satisfactory to the Bank;
      (j)   promptly inform the Bank, through the Guarantor and the
Borrower, of any condition which interferes or threatens to
interfere with the progress of the Project, the accomplishment of
the purposes of the Loan, or the performance by the Project State in
question of its obligations under the relevant Project State
Agreement;
      (k)   in the case of the State of Chiapas, carry out Part C.4
of the Project in accordance with the terms and provisions set forth
or referred to in the Lacandona Protection Plan and with each of the
annual operational programs approved by the Bank pursuant to Section
3.05 (a) (ii) of this Agreement;
      (l)   implement the respective Project State Program; and
      (m)   obtain, by means of written contracts with the
Participating Municipalities and other entities within the
jurisdiction of the Project State in question and which entities
shall participate in carrying out the Project, or by other
appropriate legal means, rights adequate to protect the interests of
the Bank, Borrower, and the Guarantor, including the right to
require that:
            (i)    the Participating Municipalities and such other
                   entities within the jurisdiction of the Project
                   State take all actions necessary to enable the
                   Project State in question to comply with its
                   obligations under the CUD and the Project State
                   Agreement, including without limitation those
                   set forth in subparagraphs (a) through (j)
                   above; and
Page  8
            (ii)   the right of any Participating Municipality or
                   any such other entity within the jurisdiction of
                   the Project State to the use of the proceeds of
                   the Loan upon failure by such Participating
                   Municipality or entity to perform its
                   obligations under its contract with the Project
                   State in question be suspended or terminated.
2.    Other Provisions
      Each Project State Agreement shall also include the following
provisions:
      (a)   the right of any Project State to the use of the
proceeds of the Loan shall be subject to suspension or termination
upon failure by such Project State to perform its obligations under
the respective Project State Agreement; and
      (b)   all the provisions of the Project State Agreements shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions or suspension or
termination referred to in subparagraph (a) above.
B.    Terms and Conditions of the Municipal Solidarity Fund
      Agreements
1.    Obligations of each Participating Municipality
      (a)   Carry out its part of the Project with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate financial, technical,
administrative and environmental standards;
      (b)   provide, or cause to be provided, in a timely manner,
the funds, facilities, services and other resources required to
carry out the parts of the Project in the Participating Municipality
in question;
      (c)   have the provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement
apply to any procurement of goods, works or services to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Loan for purposes of the parts of the
Project to be carried out by the Participating Municipality in
question;
      (d)   maintain, or cause to be maintained, separate records
and accounts adequate to reflect, in accordance with consistently
maintained sound accounting practices, the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of the parts of the Project to be carried
out by the Participating Municipality in question;
      (e)   carry out, or cause to be carried out, the obligations
set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the
General Conditions with regard to parts of the Project to be carried
out by the Participating Municipality in question;
      (f)   cooperate in the monitoring and evaluation activities
undertaken in accordance with the Monitoring and Evaluation System;
      (g)   carry out the respective activities under Part D of the
Project in accordance with programs satisfactory to the Bank;
      (h)   carry out the Investment Subprojects, in accordance with
the MSF Operational Directive; and
      (i)   obtain, by means of written contracts (Convenios) with
the Local Solidarity Committees or by other appropriate legal means,
rights adequate to protect the interests of the Bank, the Borrower
and the Guarantor, including the right to:
            (i)    require that the respective Local Solidarity
                   Committee take all actions necessary to enable
                   the Participating Municipality in question to
                   comply with its obligations under the Municipal
                   Solidarity Fund Agreement, including without
                   limitation those set forth in subparagraph (a),
Page  9
                   (b) and (c) above; and
            (ii)   suspend or terminate the right of any Local
                   Solidarity Committee to the use of the proceeds
                   of the Loan upon failure by such Local
                   Solidarity Committee to perform its obligations
                   under its contract with the Participating
                   Municipality in question.
2.    Obligations of the Project States
      (a)   Transfer to the respective Participating Municipality,
through budgetary allocations, the funds (including the proceeds of
the Loan) made available by the Guarantor and the contribution of
the respective Project State for purposes of establishing the
respective Municipal Solidarity Fund; and
      (b)   ensure that the Participating Municipalities perform in
accordance with the respective Municipal Solidarity Fund Agreement
and MSF Operational Directive.
      Each Municipal Solidarity Fund Agreement shall also include
the following provisions:
      (a)   the right of any Participating Municipality to the use
of the proceeds of the Loan shall be subject to suspension or
termination upon failure by such Participating Municipality to
perform its obligations under the respective Municipal Solidarity
Fund Agreement; and
      (b)   all the provisions of the Municipal Solidarity Fund
Agreement shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General Conditions or
suspension or termination referred to in subparagraph (a) above.
