Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2417 HO
                  (Morazan Dam Emergency Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
               EMPRESA NACIONAL DE ENERGIA ELECTRICA
                       Dated August 19, 1992
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2417 HO
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated August 19, 1992, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and EMPRESA NACIONAL DE
ENERGIA ELECTRICA (ENEE).
      WHEREAS: (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between the Republic of Honduras (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to eight million
eight hundred thirty thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 8,830,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition that ENEE agree
to undertake such obligations toward the Association as are set
forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and ENEE, the proceeds of the credit provided
for under the Development Credit Agreement will be made available to
ENEE on the terms and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan
Agreement; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS ENEE, in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so
defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. ENEE declares its commitment to the objectives
of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering, public utility, managerial
and environmental practices, and shall provide, or cause to be
provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services
(including qualified and competent staff for the monitoring of the
carrying out of Part A.1 of the Project and for the evalution of the
works carried out thereunder) and other resources required for the
Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the works and consultants' services required for the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall
be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. ENEE shall carry out the obligations set forth
in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06 and 9.07 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, and maintenance of land,
respectively) in respect of the Project.
      Section 2.04. ENEE shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, ENEE shall not take or concur in any action which
would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) ENEE shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of the Project, the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement and other
matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   ENEE shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Credit, or the performance by ENEE of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.06. ENEE shall:
      (a)   by not later than December 31, 1992, complete the review
referred to in Part B (ii) of the Project; and
      (b)   by not later than January 31, 1993, furnish to the
Association for its approval, an action plan to correct the problems
and deficiencies identified during such review, and implement the
approved action plan, promptly thereafter.
      Section 2.07. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
Page  3
ENEE shall carry out Part A.2 of the Project in accordance with the
plan and timetable described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.08. ENEE shall:
      (a)   establish by September 30, 1992, a decentralized
operating unit within ENEE, satisfactory to the Association, to
administer the Morazan power plant; and
      (b)   maintain such decentralized operating unit with
qualified and experienced staff, as shall be required to administer
the Morazan power plant.
      Section 2.09. Without limitation to the provisions of Section
9.06 of the General Conditions, ENEE shall furnish to the Borrower
and the Association, not later than March 31, June 30, September 30
and December 31 of each year during the execution of the Project,
starting in December 1992, quarterly reports, of such scope and in
such detail as the Association shall reasonably request, concerning
the progress in the execution of the Project.
      Section 2.10. In the carrying out of Part B (i) of the
Project, ENEE shall: (a) hire an independent board of consultants to
carry out, beginning in December 1992: (i) during Project execution,
periodic supervisions of the execution of the works described in
Part A.1 of the Project, not later than March 31, June 30, September
30 and December 31 of each year; and (ii) after Project completion,
annual supervision of such works;
      (b)   furnish to the Association for its review, not later
than 30 days after each supervision, the board's report on the
results of such supervision; and
      (c)   if as a result of such report, the Association
determines that the progress in the execution of Part A.1 of the
Project is not satisfactory, promptly take all such remedial action,
satisfactory to the Association, as shall be necessary for the
efficient execution of such Part of the Project.
      Section 2.11. ENEE shall: (a) present to the Association for
its approval, not later than December 31, 1992, the emergency
preparedness and evacuation plan referred to in Part B (iii) of the
Project; and (b) promptly after the approval of the Association,
take all measures required to implement such plan, when necessary.
                           ARTICLE III
                 Management and Operations of ENEE
      Section 3.01. ENEE shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial,
engineering, public utility, managerial and environmental practices
under the supervision of qualified and experienced management
assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. ENEE shall at all times operate and maintain its
plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial, public
utility, managerial and environmental practices.
      Section 3.03. ENEE shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Association for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as
shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) ENEE shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
Page  4
its operations and financial condition, including separate accounts
to reflect all resources and expenditures in respect of the Project.
      (b)   ENEE shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                  and expenses and related statements) for each
                  fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than four months after
                  the end of each such year, (A) certified copies
                  of its financial statements for such year as so
                  audited; and (B) the report of such audit by said
                  auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Association shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of ENEE hereunder shall terminate on the earlier of
the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                  Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
                  terms; or
            (ii)  the date twenty years after the date of this
                  Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify ENEE of
this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
Page  5
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA),
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      For ENEE:
            2a Avenida entre 9a y
            10a Calle
            Apartado Postal No. 99
            Comayagcela, D.C.
            Honduras, C.A.
                                          Telex:
                                            1128HT
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of ENEE, may be taken or executed by the General
Manager of ENEE or such other person or persons as such General
Manager shall designate in writing, and ENEE shall furnish to the
Association sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Rainer B. Steckhan
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                  EMPRESA NACIONAL DE ENERGIA ELECTRICA
                  By /s/ Jose Benjamin Zapata
                                         Authorized Representative
                           SCHEDULE 1
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
      Works shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance
with procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II
of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines).
Page  6
Part B:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
      The procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1
to the Guidelines shall apply to the review of invitations to bid
and of proposed awards and final contracts.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist ENEE in carrying out Parts B and C of the
Project, ENEE shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected
in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981 (the
Consultants Guidelines).
Section III: Special Provisions
      In addition and without limitation to any other provisions set
forth in this Schedule, the Guidelines or the Consultants
Guidelines, the following principles of procurement shall expressly
govern all procurement of works and consultants' services referred
to in Sections I and II of this Schedule:
1.    Foreign consultants shall be permitted to participate in the
selection process even if there is availability of Honduran
consultants for the services being procured.
2.    Foreign contractors and consultants shall not be required to
be registered with Honduran associations or to be associated with
Honduran contracting or consulting firms as a condition for
participating in any bidding or selection process, respectively.
Any registration, required after an award has been made to a foreign
contractor or after the selection of a foreign consultant has been
made, shall be the responsibility of ENEE.
                           SCHEDULE 2
             Implementation Program of the Activities
                   under Part A.2 of the Project
I.    Phase One:
                                          Completion Not
      Actions                               Later than
      (a)   installation of a set         December 31, 1992
            of capacitors of a
            total of 500 kilo-volt-
            ampere in the 480 volt
            of the auxiliary services
            circuit
      (b)   replacement of the            December 31, 1992
            automatic starters
            of the pumps for
            solid state starters
      (c)   modifications of the          December 31, 1992
            starting sequence of
            the pumps and other
            auxiliary equipment
II.  Phase Two:
                                          Completion Not
      Actions                               Later than
      (a)   installation of a             March 31, 1993
Page  7
            protection system to
            separate the electricity
            supply to the pumps from
            the grid in cases of power
            and/or synchronic failure
      (b)   installation of a very        March 31, 1993
            high frequency communi-
            cation control system
            for the reclosers that
            feed the auxiliary
            circuits
      (c)   installation of an addi-      March 31, 1993
            tional 2 mega-volt-ampere,
            13.8/34.5 kilo-volt
            transformer for the
            auxiliary services circuit
