Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2417 HO
                  (Morazan Dam Emergency Project)
                              between
                       REPUBLIC OF HONDURAS
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                       Dated August 19, 1992
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2417 HO
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated August 19, 1992, between REPUBLIC OF HONDURAS
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Project will be carried out by Empresa Nacional de
Energia Electrica (ENEE) with the Borrower's assistance and, as part
of such assistance, the Borrower will make available to ENEE the
proceeds of the Credit as provided in this Agreement;
      (C)   the Borrower and the Inter-American Development Bank
(IDB) have agreed to amend the loan agreement dated January 7, 1992
(the IDB Loan Agreement) in order to modify the Project description
and to reallocate an amount equivalent to one million seven hundred
Page  2
thousand dollars ($1,700,000) to assist in financing Part A.2 of the
Project on the terms and conditions set forth in a letter agreement
(the IDB Amending Letter Agreement) to be entered into between the
Borrower and the IDB; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Project
Agreement of even date herewith between the Association and ENEE;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Decree" means the Borrower's Decree No. 48, dated
February 20, 1957 which created ENEE, as amended to the date of this
Agreement;
      (b)   "Project Agreement" means the agreement between the
Association and ENEE of even date herewith, as the same may be
amended from time to time, and such term includes all schedules and
agreements supplemental to the Project Agreement; and
      (c)   "Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement to be
entered into between the Borrower and ENEE pursuant to Section 3.01
(b) of this Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time,
and such term includes all schedules to the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to eight million eight hundred thirty thousand Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 8,830,000).
      Section 2.02. The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn from
the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1
to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the Association
shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of
services required for the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be September 30, 1994 or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
Page  3
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next date in that year specified in
Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on January 15 and July 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in
semiannual installments payable on each January 15 and July 15
commencing January 15, 2003 and ending July 15, 2032. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on July 15,
2012 shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years, and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 2.09. The Secretario de Estado en el Despacho de
Hacienda y Credito Publico of the Borrower or the General Manager of
ENEE or such person or persons as such Secretario or General Manager
shall appoint in writing are designated as representatives of the
Borrower for the purposes of taking any action required or permitted
to be taken under the provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement
and Article V of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
Page  4
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, without any limitation or restriction
upon any of its other obligations under the Development Credit
Agreement, shall cause ENEE to perform in accordance with the
provisions of the Project Agreement all the obligations of ENEE
therein set forth, shall take and cause to be taken all action,
including the provision of funds, facilities, services and other
resources, necessary or appropriate to enable ENEE to perform such
obligations, and shall not take or permit to be taken any action
which would prevent or interfere with such performance.
      (b)   The Borrower shall relend the proceeds of the Credit in
dollars to ENEE under a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and ENEE, under terms and conditions which
shall have been approved by the Association which shall, inter alia,
include that ENEE shall: (i) pay to the Borrower a commitment charge
at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on
the principal amount so relent and not withdrawn by ENEE from time
to time; (ii) pay to the Borrower interest at the rate of seven and
three-fifths percent (7.60%) per annum on the principal amount so
relent, withdrawn by ENEE and outstanding from time to time; and
(iii) repay the principal amount so relent over a period of 20 years
from the date of this Agreement, including therein a period of grace
of five years.
      (c)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement in such manner as to protect the interests
of the Borrower and the Association and to accomplish the purposes
of the Credit, and except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
the Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the works and consultants' services required for the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall
be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Project
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower and the Association hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06
and 9.07 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of
goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports, and
maintenance of land, respectively) in respect of the Project shall
be carried out by ENEE pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Project
Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 4.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   ENEE shall have failed to perform any of its obligations
under the Project Agreement;
      (b)   As a result of events which have occurred after the date
of the Development Credit Agreement, an extraordinary situation
shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that ENEE will be
able to perform its obligations under the Project Agreement;
      (c)   The Decree shall have been amended, suspended,
abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect in the opinion of the
Association, materially and adversely the ability of ENEE to perform
any of its obligations under the Project Agreement;
      (d)   The Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the suspension of ENEE's operations;
or
Page  5
      (e)   (i)   Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph:
                  (A)   The right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                        proceeds of any loan made to the Borrower
                        for the financing of the Project shall have
                        been suspended, cancelled or terminated in
                        whole or in part, pursuant to the terms of
                        the agreement providing therefor, or
                  (B)   any such loan shall have become due and
                        payable prior to the agreed maturity
                        therefor.
            (ii)  Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not
                  apply if the Borrower establishes to the
                  satisfaction of the Association that:
                  (A)   such suspension, cancellation, termination
                        or prematuring is not caused by the failure
                        of the Borrower to perform any of its
                        obligations under such agreement; and
                  (B)   adequate funds for the Project are
                        available to the Borrower from other
                        sources on terms and conditions consistent
                        with the obligations of the Borrower under
                        this Agreement.
      Section 4.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   the event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 4.01 of
this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of sixty
days after notice thereof shall have been given by the Association
to the Borrower;
      (b)   any event specified in paragraph (c), or (d) of Section
4.01 of this Agreement shall occur; or
      (c)   the event specified in paragraph (e) (i) (B) of Section
4.01 of this Agreement shall occur, subject to the proviso of
paragraph (e) (ii) of that Section.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 5.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been executed and
delivered on behalf of the Borrower and ENEE; and
      (b)   the IDB Amending Letter Agreement has been executed and
delivered on behalf of the IDB and the Borrower, or alternative
arrangements, satisfactory to the Association, have been made by the
Borrower or ENEE for the provision of the funds necessary for Part
A.2 of the Project.
      Section 5.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association:
      (a)   that the Project Agreement has been duly authorized or
ratified by ENEE, and is legally binding upon ENEE in accordance
with its terms;
      (b)   that the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by the Borrower and ENEE and is legally
binding upon the Borrower and ENEE in accordance with its terms; and
Page  6
      (c)   that the IDB Amending Letter Agreement (or any
alternative arrangements referred to in Section 5.01 (b) above) has
been duly authorized or ratified by, and is legally binding upon the
Borrower in accordance with its terms.
      Section 5.03. The date November 19, 1992 is hereby specified
for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
      Section 5.04. The obligations of the Borrower under Articles
III and IV of this Agreement shall cease and determine on the date
on which the Development Credit Agreement shall terminate or on the
date twenty years after the date of this Agreement, whichever shall
be the earlier.
                            ARTICLE VI
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 6.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 of this
Agreement, the Secretario de Estado en el Despacho de Hacienda y
Credito Publico of the Borrower is designated as representative of
the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Secretaria de Estado en el Despacho
              de Hacienda y Credito Publico
            Tequcigalpa, D.C.
            Honduras
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  HACIENDA                  1308
                  Tequcigalpa,                    Hacienda HO
                  Honduras
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                    197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  REPUBLIC OF HONDURAS
                  By /s/ Jose Benjamin Zapata
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
Page  7
                  By /s/ Rainer B. Steckhan
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                           SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1)   Works under              7,655,000        78%
      Part A.1 of the
      Project
(2)   Consultants'               390,000        100%
      services under
      Part B of the
      Project
(3)   Training under              45,000        100%
      Part C of the
      Project
(4)   Unallocated                740,000
                               _________
           TOTAL               8,830,000
                               =========
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement, except that
withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not exceeding the equivalent of
SDR 441,500, may be made in respect of Categories (1), (2) and (3)
of the table in paragraph 1 of this Schedule, on account of payments
made for expenditures before that date but after March 31, 1992.
                           SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to: (i) maintain the
structural integrity of the Morazan dam; (ii) increase the
reliability of the power plant's auxiliary electrical system of the
Morazan dam; and (iii) strengthen ENEE's emergency preparedness
planning and its capacity to monitor the performance of the Morazan
dam and manage possible future seepage problems in such dam.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Rehabilitation of the Morazan Dam
      Rehabilitation of the structure of the Morazan dam through:
1.    (i) Underground investigation with deep rock borings (about
46,000 linear meters) and corresponding instrumentation, followed by
high pressure injection of sealants (about 14,000 metric tons) into
the rock mass; (ii) impermeabilization of the power plant sump; and
(iii) construction of additional drainage galleries (about 300
Page  8
meters) to evacuate filtrations of gravity flow, lining of
inspection gallery and plugging of the diversion tunnel.
2.    Purchase and installation of: (i) additional electrical and
mechanical equipment to substantially increase service reliability
of the auxiliary electrical system of the power plant; and (ii) new
and complementary instrumentation to monitor foundation pressures
and water filtrations.
Part B:     Technical Assistance
      Technical assistance to ENEE for: (i) reviewing the design and
supervising the execution of the works described in Part A.1 of the
Project; (ii) carrying out a structural and electro-mechanical
review of the Morazan dam; and (iii) preparing an emergency
preparedness and evacuation plan of the Morazan dam.
Part C:     Strengthening of ENEE
      Training of ENEE's staff in: (i) underground investigations;
(ii) pressure sealing of foundations; (iii) monitoring of
hydrostatic foundation pressures and water leakages in high dams;
(iv) electrical system stability; and (v) foundation sealing
programs abroad.
                             *   *   *
      The Project is expected to be completed by March 31, 1994.
