Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3753 IN
                            Guarantee Agreement
                  (Container Transport Logistics Project)
                                  between
                                   INDIA
                                    and
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                              AND DEVELOPMENT
                           Dated August 29, 1994
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3753 IN
                            GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated August 29, 1994, between INDIA, acting by
its President (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Container Corporation of
India Limited (the Borrower), having been satisfied as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule
2 to the Loan Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in
the financing of the Project;
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between
the Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the
Borrower a loan in various currencies equivalent to ninety four
million dollars ($94,000,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the
Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in
respect of such loan as provided in this Agreement; and
      (C)   the Royal Netherlands Government has provided a
technical assistance grant to India to assist the Borrower in
carrying out part of the Project; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's
Page  2
entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
so to guarantee such obligations of the Borrower;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                      General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan
and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985,
with the modifications set forth below (the General Conditions)
constitute an integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)   The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      (b)   In Section 6.02, sub-paragraph (k) is re-lettered as
sub-paragraph (l) and a new sub-paragraph (k) is added to read:
            "(k)  An extraordinary situation shall have arisen
      under which any further withdrawals under the Loan would
      be inconsistent with the provisions of Article III,
      Section 3 of the Bank's Articles of Agreement."
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the
Preamble to and Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the
respective meanings therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                       Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. Without limitation or restriction upon any
of its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the
Guarantor hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor
and not as surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the
principal of, and interest and other charges on, the Loan, and
the premium, if any, on the prepayment of the Loan, and the
punctual performance of all the other obligations of the
Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the Guarantor
specifically undertakes, whenever there is reasonable cause to
believe that the funds available to the Borrower will be
inadequate to meet the estimated expenditures required for the
carrying out of the Project, to make arrangements, satisfactory
to the Bank, promptly to provide the Borrower or cause the
Borrower to be provided with such funds as are needed to meet
such expenditures.
                                ARTICLE III
                              Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. The Guarantor shall cause the Railways: (a)
to maintain the MOU in force at all times, to ensure the
availability of trains and specified container train pathways;
and
      (b)   to carry out the annual revisions to the MOU, in
consultation with the Bank to improve the container transport
services.
      Section 3.02. The Guarantor shall, not later than March
31, 1995, offer to the public for sale at least 5% of
Guarantor's share in the Borrower's equity.
      Section 3.03. The Guarantor shall cause the Customs
regulations and procedures concerning the land movement of
containers to be reviewed and simplified within such period as
shall be agreed between the parties hereto.
Page  3
                                ARTICLE IV
                Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 4.01. Any Secretary, Additional Secretary, Joint
Secretary, Director, Deputy Secretary and Under Secretary of
the Guarantor is designated as representative of the Guarantor
for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for
the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            The Secretary to the Government of India
            Ministry of Finance
            Department of Economic Affairs
            New Delhi, India
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  ECOFAIRS                  953-3166175
                  New Delhi
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.                 82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                        INDIA
                        By /s/ Marayan Valluri
                        Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                          RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                        By /s/ Joseph D. Wood
                        Regional Vice President
                        South Asia
Page  4
