                                                                     73075
                                        INDIA

                    GUJARAT RURAL ROADS PROJECT - (Credit 1757-IN)

                           March 1991 Supervision Mission


                                     AIDE-MEMO IRE


1.   Introduction

1.1         An International Development Association (IDA) mission compr~s~ng
Messrs. A.J. Cittati (Highway Engineer) and R. Schulz (Senior Economist) visited
Gujarat from March 16 through 31 to carry out a supervision of the above project.
The mission held meetings and discussions with the Secretary and officials of the
Roads and Buildings Department (R&BD) and visited road works in six of the dis-
tricts included in the project. During its stay the mission was received by the
Han. Mr. Chimanbhai Patel, Chief Minister of the State, met the Han. Mr. Dinsha
Patel, Minister of Roads and Buildings and Mr. V. Sharma, Addl. Chief Secretary
of the Finance Department.

1.2          This Aide-Memoire summarizes the mission's findings and recommenda-
tions as discussed during the wrap-up meeting held with officials of the Govern-
ment of Gujarat, and the Departments of Economic Affairs (MOF) and of Rural
Development (MOA) of the Government of India.

1.3         The mission records its appreciation for the assistance and kind
reception received from all concerned, in particular for the arrangements made
to visit work sites. A list of officials met is enclosed as Attachment 1.

2.   Background

2.1         Credit 1757-IN for 101 million SDR (US$ 119.6 million equivalent) was
signed on May 12, 1987, and provided for:

       (i)    the construction, reconstruction or improvement of about 4,040 km of
              village roads in seven districts of Gujarat where the dairy industry
              predominates;

       (ii)   the procurement of road construction equipment to facilitate the
              implementation of (i) above;

       (iii) the construction of offices, workshops and other project accommoda-
             tions;

       (iv)   technical assistance and engineering services for project management
              and training; and

       (v)    a Maintenance Planning Study and a Road Safety Program.
                                        2


2.2         The Credit became effective on August 27, 1987, but financial con-
straints, caused by three consecutive drought years, delayed initiation of the
project until November 1988. Only limited financial resources were made avail-
able (a total of about Rs. 290 million) until the end of FY 1989-90 (March 1990).
During the slow initial period some District Panchayats completed some of the
1025 jobs (roads) included in the project, reducing its scope to 909 jobs total-
ling about 3,600 km.    However, with the beginning of the 8th Five-Year Plan
(1990-1995) GOG seized the opportunity to express its renewed interest for the
project and provided sufficient funds to exceed the pace of implementation
planned at appraisal. For FY 1990-91 funding is more than Rs. 430 million, and
for FY 1991-92 funds are planned to be about Rs. 500 million.

3.   Civil Works

Progress of the Works

3.1         The speed of implementation increased substantially in the last year,
as already reported in August 1990. About 310 roads, a total of more than 1,600
km, are expected to be completed by the end of March 1991 (see Table 1). Close
monitoring of this progress is carried out in the field and at central level by
the Rural Roads Cell (RRC) of R&BD and contractors are being effectively directed
to comply with the proper sequencing of operations and with the schedules of
progress.   At the present pace 3,600 km of roadworks could be completed by
December 1994.

Situation of A.A., T.S. and Procurement

3.2         Administrative Approval" was granted for all 909 roads (j obs) remain-
ing in the project, a length of 3,623 km. Technical Sanctions for the last 6
jobs not yet sanctioned are expected by end of March 1991. Procurement of civil
works contracts is completed for 205 packages, corresponding to 750 jobs, 3,130
km; procurement of the remaining 31 packages (159 jobs) is expected to be com-
pleted by the end of April 1991. As the contract period is normally 36 months,
all civil works would be finished by the end of 1994. Following the recommenda-
tions of previous missions, jobs have been arranged in packages large enough to
attract larger, contractors. Of the 24 packages recently put to tender, 18 were
close to, or above the recommended minimum value of US$ 500,000 equivalent. As-
sociation Guidelines are being followed, and recent bids ranging 30% to 60% above
the Schedule of Rates (SOR) have been accepted by GOG without objections.

Quality of works inspected

3.3          The mission visited twelve work sites at different stages of advance-
ment and was impressed by the commendable effort of R&BD to ensure that works are
of an adequate quality. A well equipped field laboratory has been established
on each contract site, and staff and vehicles were in place to carry out quality
control tests. In addition, three mobile laboratories routinely provide assis-
tance and on-the-job training to field staff for periods of one week at each
site. Works are carried out in the proper sequence, benching and extra width of
earthworks are generally carried out to allow adequate compaction of widening
works, and compaction equipment is widely used to achieve the specified densities
of earthworks and pavement layers. These efforts need to be pursued further and
the mission was pleased to learn that R&BD intends to achieve higher levels of
'r
                                             3

     quality through improved procedures. intensive training of field staff and
     equipment operators. and larger deployment of construction equipment.

     Prequalification of Contractors

     3.4          Prequalification procedures for contractors are being strictly and
     consistently applied.    Some shortcomings that occurred in previous years are
     thus. being avoided. R&BD is taking an active role in providing contractors with
     advice on the proper organization of works. and in encouraging better performance
     by granting higher marks at prequalification to fully satisfactory contractors.
     To promote higher quality of works. prequalification criteria are being revised.
     and contractors are being mandated to have 2-ton vibratory rollers in sufficient
     quantities, in addition to the other equipment normally required.

     4.   Equipment

     4.1         The overall status of equipment procurement under the project is
     summarized in Table 2.    Agreements reached with previous missions are fully
     reflected there. In particular, fewer pieces than in the SAR estimates would be
     procured. because R&BD is now granting equipment advances. in the amount of 10%
     of contract value at a nominal annual interest rate of 12%. This is to encourage
     the contractors to adopt the use of modern construction equipment in their works.
     However. the relatively small scale of the' works does not allow the direct
     transfer of equipment intensive construction techniques normally used on larger
     scale works. The most appropriate mix of manual labor and equipment that ensures
     satisfactory quality will have to be developed by trial and error under the
     project. To achieve this objective R&BD will need some equipment for demonstra-
     tion purposes and to initially complement the contractors' fleet. The actual
     equipment needs, therefore, will be somewhat different from those indicated in
     Table 2 and will probably consist of smaller, more flexible types of equipment.
     GOG has agreed to review its requirements in the forthcoming months and to
     discuss with the Association the final list of equipment to be procured by
     October 1991. In the meantime, given the proven effectiveness of the 2-ton ride-
     on vibratory rollers (10 of which have been already procured), R&BD has requested
     to procure another 20 rollers of the same type through international shopping.
     The mission had no objection to the proposal. It was further agreed that equip-
     ment rental fees to contractors would be satisfactory to the Association, and
     would fully reflect ownership, depreciation, maintenance, repair and operation
     costs.

     4.2          To accelerate the introduction of sound construction practices and
     efficient use of equipment, R&BD has proposed, and the mission agreed, to estab-
     lish in the next project year (1991-92) demonstration contracts in each district.
     These would be used for on-the-job training of Department staff and for other
     contractors to visit and assess the level of workmanship expected under the
     project.

     5.   Land Acquisition

     5.1          Three land acquisition cells have started operating, as planned, but
     difficul ties are still being experienced by the Revenue Department in manning the
     surveyor positions. GOG intends to overcome this difficulty by grouping recon-
     struction and improvement subprojects (which generally do not need additional
     land) into separate packages from those for new construction. Also, GOG intends
                                        4

to get construction materials from borrow areas on state lands away from, rather
than adjacent to, or in the rather narrow right-of-way. This should avoid land
disputes andlor deep pits at the toe of the embankments. GOG also proposes to
hire consultants to prepare land plans and schedules necessary to issue notifica-
tions under Section 4 of the Land Acquisition Act. The mission agreed with all
these proposals. The draft tender document to procure the consulting services
will be sent shortly for the Association's review.

6.   Studies

6.1         Financial negotiations with the joint venture RITESIScott, Wilson
Kirkpatrick to do the Road Maintenance Study were completed. Draft contract
documents will be sent shortly to the Association for review.

7.   Staffing and Training

7.1         Remarkable progress has been achieved in this area. All the field
establishment (1 CE, 3 SEs, 17 EEs, 68 DEs) has been sanctioned and is in place.
Efforts are being made at the highest levels of the Department (the Secretary and
the Minister) to minimize turnover and achieve a high degree of competence and
motivation.   These efforts are commendable and need to be continued in the
future.

7.2         In view of the hard conditions imposed by the execution of the works,
often far away from urban centers and in areas of difficult access, the mission
recommended, and GOG agreed to consider, providing a hardship allowance or some
other financial incentive to project staff. In addition, GOG is considering to
hire consultants to support their staff in the supervision of some contracts.
Tender document are being prepared and will be submitted to the Association for
review and comment.

7.2         Domestic training programs are proceeding satisfactorily and details
of completed and future training courses are given in Table 3. Overseas train-
ing, although considered useful by all parties concerned, is still under discus-
sion between GOG and DEA. The difficult economic situation of the country may
still jeopardize this training; firmer decisions on this are expected in the next
three to four months.

8.    Financing and Disbursements

8.1          The initial delay in starting the project and its subsequent slow
implementation, compounded by a progressive devaluation of the Rupee against the
SDR, resulted in slow disbursement of the Credit. By the end of February 1991
about 16 million SDR (about US$ 22 million equivalent), 30% of appraisal expecta-
tions, had been disbursed. However, expenditures already committed amount to
about Rs. 413 million and, at the present accelerated pace of implementation and
given the higher disbursement rate, another 12 million SDR are expected to be
disbursed by the end of March 1991.

8.2         Because of the reduced volume of works remaining in the project
(about 3,600 km, para 2.2) and given the expected decline in the value of the
Rupee against the SDR, the project is not likely to use, as presently defined,
more than about 50 million SDR of the total 101 million SDR in the Credit. This
would happen even taking into account the faster World Bank disbursement rate
                                        5

allowed under the Gulf Initiative. Thus, GOG has requested the Association to
adjust the project to pennit using fully the available credit. This would require
expanding the program in the districts already in the project and to include
other districts. The mission was presented a detailed and very well prepared
proposal in support of this request.       The mission reviewed the proposal and
considered it fully in line with the content and original objectives of the
project.   The proposal is focused on developing the rural population of the
State, on alleviating poverty in rural areas, and on supporting directly dairy
activities, which are traditionally carried out by women. The mission, there-
fore, had no objection to adjusting the project as proposed, subject to Bank
management approval and as long as the additional roads to be included confonn
to the same economic tests as the rest of the roads in the project (as outlined
in the SAR) , and as long as the project remains within the limits of the original
credit.




acittati/rschulz:mc/rs
grnnar91.am
                                                                  ATTACHMENT 1


                                     INDIA

                  GUJARAT RURAL ROADS PROJECT (Credit 1757-IN)

                        March 1991 Supervision Mission

                        List of Principal Officials Met




Gor   MOF (DEA)   Mr. H. Singh, Director

      MOA (DRD)   Mr. R. Gopalkrishnan, Deputy Secretary

GOG               Mr. Chimanbhai Patel, Hon. Chief Minister

                  Mr. Chabildas Mehta, Hon. Minister of Finance

      FD          Mr. V. Sharma, Addl. Chief Secretary

      R&BD        Mr. Dinsha Patel, Hon. Minister of Roads and Buildings

                  Mr. Vinubhai Patel, P.A. to the Minister R&BD

                  Mr. D.C. Shah, Secretary, R&BD

                  Mr. A.T. Doshi, Officer on Special Duty, R&BD

      RRP         Mr. R.H. Patel, Chief Engineer

                  Mr. Ambalia, Superintending Engineer (Mechanical)

                  Mr. V.J. Barot

                  Mr. S.G. Desai

                  Mr. P.R. Shah
