                                                         73089

                                   INDIA 

        CREDIT 1757-IN - GUJARAT RURAL ROADS PROJECT 


                      WORLD BANK SUPERVISION MISSION 

                           November 17-22, 1988 


                               Aide Memoire 




Introduction

1.1       A World Bank mission compr1s1ng Messrs. R.
Mulligan, A. cittati (Highway Engineers) from headquarters,
and C.S. Nawathe (Highway Engineer) from the New Delhi
Office visited the State of Gujarat from November 17 through
22 to supervise the subject project.

1.2       This Aide Memoire summarises the mission's
discussions with GOG officials. The conclusions and
recommendations recorded here, however, are subject to
confirmation by the Bank.

1.3       The mission wishes        to record its appreciation of
the assistance received from        all concerned in the Government
of Gujarat and in particular        for the arrangements made for
visiting many of the project        work sites. A list of
officials met is enclosed as        Annex 1.
Background

2.1       Credit 1757-IN for SDR 101 million (US$ 119.6
million equivalent) was signed on May 12, 1987, and provided
for
          (i) 	  the construction, reconstruction or
                 improvement of about 4,040 km of village
                 roads in seven districts of Gujarat where
                 the dairy industry predominates:

             (ii) 	     the procurement of road construction
                        equipment to facilitate the implementation
                        of (i) above:

             (iii) 	 the construction of offices, workshops and
                     other project accomodation;

             (iv) 	     technical assistance and engineering
                        services for project management and
                        training: and
                                                      Page 2


          (v) 	   a Maintenance Planning study and a Road
                  Safety Program.

2.2       The Credit became effective on August 27, 1987.

3. civil Works

3.1        Government's administrative approvals for agreed
programs of project works initiated in fiscal years (April 1
to March 31) 1987/88 and 1988/89 were obtained in good time
for contracts to be bid among prequalified contractors
according to LCB procedures. Contracts, which aggregate
short sections of road works in convenient proximity, are
generally of 12-18 months duration. Administrative approval
has been sought for the works to commence in the 1989/90
program and a fresh contractor prequalification is being
undertaken.

3.2       The works inspected were, in general, poorly
executed. This unsatisfactory situation has several main
causes:

 (a) the quality of supervision is inadequate. The project
works seen had not been properly set out. Control of both
line and level was lacking, andthe limits of embankment
works had not been defined. Camber boards and straight
edges seen by the mission were not sufficiently rigid and
were useless as reference tools. Documentation shown to the
mission indicated that some density tests had been carried
out, yet it appeared that, particularly in the
reconstruction works, the compaction of the widened
embankment on each side of the original formation had not
been carried out commencing with the bottom layer.  In order
that supervison is to be effective, the personnel concerned
must be both capable of the work and decisive in their
dealings with the contractor. The mission was left with the
feeling that for some of the works, the contractors were in
control and that the engineers were only infrequently on
site. Unfortunately, this situation is largely due to the
lack of transport. Although there is adequate provision
under the project for the purchase of vehicles for
supervision, only a few are on site. The remainder should
be bought without delay and allocated to the site personnel
who have need of them. Another shortcoming is the lack of
survey and quality control equipment. As a minimum, a
theodolite and level with ancillary equipment, measuring
tapes, camber boards and straight-edges to IRC standards,
plus sieve sets, field density equipment, should be
purchased under the project and issued to each supervising
team. With transport and adequate equipment there should be
no need for reliance on the contractors' resources and no
excuse for inadequate supervision.
                                                      Page 3


3.2(b)    The only items of compaction equipment seen in use
were the 10 ton tandem rollers, in almost all cases
inappropriate to the soil conditions. For most of the site
conditions, vibrating rollers would be the most effective,
but for clay conditions, sheepsfoot and pneumatic equipment
would be needed. Where the present carriageway is to be
widened, equipment capable of compacting the narrow widths
on each side of the road is needed, and the acquisition of
some 1 m wide vibrating rollers is recommended.   In order to
obtain a smooth riding surface it is necessary for each
layer of embankment of pavement to be true to line and
level. Even though most contractors favour the placement of
material by hand labour, the spreading must be carried out
by motor grader if a true finish of each layer is to be
obtained. Not one such machine was seen by the mission, a
situation which is reflected in the poor finish of the works
visited. The mission recommends that the machines provided
for under the project be bought without delay and if
possible, others borrowed or hired from the Irrigation
Department. contractors should also be urged to buy their
own machines, but in the meantime, they should hire them
from the PWD pool. After the machines are available,
embankment or pavement work should not be accepted where
longitudinal and lateral tolerances have not been met.

Progress of the Works

3.3       Table 1 shows project status district by district.
In brief, of the 1025 road sections totalling 4040 km
identified for construction/reconstruction/improvement and
estimated to cost Rs.1070 million, 60 contracts comprising
252 road sections (783 km) were awarded in 1987/88 at a cost
of Rs.257 million, and 93 contracts comprising 299 road
sections (1316 kms) are to be finalized in 1988/89 at a cost
of Rs.326 million. Up to September 30, 1988 work to the
value of Rs. 90.0 million had been completed and
reimbursement of Rs. 39 million claimed for the Credit.
4.   Equipment

4.1       The mission discussed the status of equipment
procurement with PWD officials and stressed the need for
prompt action in ensuring that the means of executing and
supervising the work are secured with the least delay.

4.2       In particular it was agreed that ICB procedures be
initiated by simUltaneous advertisement in Development Forum
and the local press by December 31, 1988 at the latest for
the purchase of:
                                                     Page 4



          12 x 120 h.p. motor graders
          10 x 8-10 ton self-propelled pneumatic rollers
          20 x 10 ton rollers with interchangable sheepsfoot
          drum/vibrating drum
          20 x pedestrian operated double drum vibrating
          rollers of 2 ton static weight
          plate vibrators for compaction of culvert fills.

No further purchases of 10 ton flat rollers will be made.

4.3 In addition, all the remaining vehicles for project
supervision, including mobile laboratories will be procured
by direct order on the factories at DGS&D contract rates.
Survey and quality control equipment for each supervisory
team should comprise, as a minimum:

          1 x level; 

          1 x theodolite; 

          Measuring tapes; 

          Compass; 

          Ranging rods, staves, etc. 

          Set of sieves; 

          Weighing apparatus; 

          Field density measuring equipment 

          Speedy moisture tester; 

          Camber board and straight-edge to IRC 

          specifications 


          This equipment should be purchased as soon as
possible so that the field supervisors, with suitable
transportation, have the tools to carry out their duties
without dependance on the contractors' good will.

4.4       It was agreed that the purchase of stone crushers,
bulldozers and front-end loaders should not be considered at
this stage.

5.   Land Acguisition

5.1       Of the 4040 km of road included in the project,
about 990 km are to be newly constructed, for which an 18 m
width of right-of-way needs to be acquired.  For only some
of the remaining length of project works for reconstruction/
improvement, a strip of land varying between 2 m and 10 m in
width needs to be taken. In order that construction works
are not to be held up because of acquisition problems, GOG
proposes to hire 21 surveyors so that accurate measurements
of the individuals' land areas affected can be measured.
The estimate of cost for these individuals plus the needed
support staff is estimated to cost GOG about Rs. 1.05
million annually.  In addition a special land acquisition
officer also with support staff, will be needed to process
and finalize each land acquisition case under the collector
                                                     Page 5


in each of the three main districts of Sabarkantha,
Banaskantha and Mehsana. The annual cost of the three teams
is estimated at Rs. 2.1 million. GOG is making arrangements
for both groups (survey teams and acquisition groups) to be
set up without delay. The mission endorses these proposals.

6.   Buildings

6.1       Although some buildings for the Rural Roads
Project have been erected by petty contractors in existing
PWD compounds, no claims for reimbursement under the Credit
have been received so far, and GOG is urged to do so. The
mission requested that a program for the construction of the
needed office/storage space in each district be prepared for
discussion with the next supervision mission so that
arrangements with local contractors may be made to have the
buildings erected.

7.   Studies

7.1       The project provides for a monitoring system for
civil works to be prepared by consultants. The contract for
this work was entrusted to Messrs. ORG of Baroda, who have
devised a computerized system which will enable project
management to have a comprehensive report of each month's
project status by the middle of the following month.

7.2       The format of an abstract of progress appropriate
for the Bank's purposes was agreed with GOG and the
consultant. It was further agreed that the reporting
process would be fully operational by the time of the
mission's next visit, scheduled for February 1989.

7.3        A second study by consultants focusses on road
maintenance planning. Terms of Reference for this study
have been agreed, and the mission discussed and agreed to
GOG's shortlist of consulting firms which should be invited
to submit proposals. The draft Letter of Invitation and
Supplementary Information for Consultants have also been
discussed and agreed and GOG is in the process of inviting
proposals.

8.   Training

8.1       To date, some short term courses in project
specifications, survey and design, materials testing and
quality control have been conducted at local training
centres, with between 50 and 80 participants on each of the
three courses. The courses on project management for senior
and junior staff have not yet commenced, neither have the
courses for mechanical engineers, mechanics and equipment
operators. However, all are expected to be completed by the
end of the 1989 monsoon.
                                                     Page 6


8.2       The project includes provision for some overseas
training of professional staff, and initial arrangements had
been made for some of the project's engineers to visit
Australia where experience on low cost roads could provide
valuable guidance to local staff. The mission recommends
that these opportunities be taken without delay so that the
experience gained may be put to use in the project.

9.    Staffing

9.1       For satisfactory completion of the project
according to the implementation program set forth in
Schedule 2 of the Project Agreement, the personnel needed to
man the field establishment, (1 CE, 4 SEs, 17 EEs, 68 DEs)
should have been sanctioned promptly. However, less than
half of this proposed establishment has been sanctioned (1
CE, 2 SEs, 9 EEs, 36 DEs) and more than 25% of the posts are
vacant. Without adequate supervision the works cannot be
executed properly. The mission therefore urges GOG to
sanction and man all the field establishment posts needed
for satisfactory project supervision so that the quality of
the works is not jeopardised.

10.    Design Specifications

10.1       During the visit, some field officers expressed
doubts about the relevance of the design specifications
adopted for the project to local conditions. The standard
design provides for a 15 cm thick pure sand layer subbase
and two 7.5 cm layers of WBM, the second of which is paver­
laid, followed by a semi-dense bituminous carpet.   Because
of the sand gradation, the layer is difficult to compact and
frustrates the proper placement of the subsequent WBM
layers.   It is recommended that either the sand be mixed
with murram, or it be replaced by hard murram. The pavers
as used on site are unsuited to spreading the crushed
material over the full pavement width and cover the
irregularities of the underlying surface. Motor graders are
better adapted to spreading the crushed material for WBM
than the paver. Where there is no scope for diverting the
traffic from the road, it would probably be preferable to
consider the use of paver laid LBM or BM layers instead of
the paver laid WBM as specified. As the major portion of
the cost of construction is involved in the carriage of
stone material over long distances (120-150 km), the mission
suggests experimenting with alternative designs using
locally available materials.



RM:CSN:zp
ZP.4jGURRR-AM.DOCj12-05-88
                                                       Annex 1

                GUJARAT RURAL ROADS PROJECT 

              List of Principal Officials Met 



Messrs.   V.P. Kamdar, Secretary, R&B Department
          A.T. Doshi, Special Secretary and CE Roads
          R.J. Vyas, Chief Engineer, Rural Roads Project
          J.C. Trivedi, SE, RRP circle, Gandhinagar
          M.R. Jani, SE, RRP Circle, Rajkot
          Y.N. Shahiwala, SE, RRP Circle, Rajkot
          (in place of Mr. Jani)
          H.B. Patel, OSD, World Bank Cell
          V.V. Pandya, SE Mechanical
          V.R. Patel, SE Mechanical
. '" 


                                                                                             Table 1
                                                          INDIA 

                                               GUJARAT RURAL ROADS PROJECT 

                                                      Credit 1757-IN 


                                         PROGRESS ON CIVIL WORKS FOR THE PERIOD


                                                                                   (Rs.million)


                                     Total                 Physical Classi­               Civi t Works
                                Pack- Jobs Len-            fications of Rds.              (Base Cost)
                                ages       gth              NC     RC     IMP
                                      Nos. ~               ••.••• Kms .•••..•

         I. SAR Estimate           1 1025 4042             1031      988 2023              1067.00

         II. A) PROGRAM AGREED BY GOG

            FY    87.88                 266 812             389      279 144                318.31
            FY    88.89                 565 2124            606      599 920                737.74
            FY    89.90                 883 3492            916      885 1692              1186.54
            FY    90.91            -   1025 4042            103      988 2023              1341.84

             B) PROGRESS TO OCTOBER 31, 1988

           Admn. approva t              552 2100            580      592    928             725.97
           Packages ready
           for bidding"         63      261   820          351       268    184            318.08

            Bids accepted      60       252   783           349       268    149            277 .48

            Bidding in pro­
            gress                  3      9   37                 2           35               9.32

             C)     PHYSICAL PROGRESS

                                               22.37

             D)     FINANCIAL PROGRESS

                                                                                             89.88

             E)     BUDGET FY 88

                                                                                            129.45


         *13 jobs totalling 28 km and costing Rs. 8.31 Mare deleted as works were completed prior
         to Credit approval.

         CSN:zp
         ZP.4/GRRR-TB1.DOC/12.05.88
