                                                         73086
                                    INDIA

                         GUJARAT RURAL ROADS PROJECT

                               (Credit 1757-IN)


                                 Aide Memoire



      L        Introduction

      1.1      A World Bank highway mission comprising C.S. Nawathe,
      Highway Engineer, visited Gujarat from May 13 through 16, 1988 to
      review progress of works on the Gujarat Rural Roads Project.   The
      mission also made field visits and inspected a few road works
      under progress.  This document records the results of discussions
      and findings to the mission but is not binding on the Bank until
      confirmed in writing from Washington.  A list of officials met
      during the mission's visit is enclosed as Annex 1.  The mission
      wishes to thank Mr. A.J. Trivedi, CE Roads and his field staff
      for the excellent arrangments made and courtsies offered during
      the mission's visit.

      2.       Project Implementation

      2.1      Out of 1025 jobs totalling 4042 km and costing Rs. 1200
      million, 565 jobs totalling 2104 km and costing Rs. 738 million
      have been included in the current budget (FY 88-89).  No action
      has been initiated in the process to identify the new jobs which
      shall be included in the next year's budget.

      2.2      Of these, 266 jobs are continued from the last year's
      budget and 299 jobs are freshly included this year.   For the
      newly budgetted jobs, prequalification advertisement has been
      issued on April 15 and it is expected that the process will be
      completed by the end of June 88.  By December 31, 1988,
      procurement action for all these works will be completed.   A
      detailed program for these works showing target dates of
      completion of different actions is given in Annex II.

      2.3       Of the old 266 jobs some 13 jobs (list enclosed as Annex
      III) have been tackled by the Panchayat department in the recent
      past before commencement of the Bank project and hence they will
      have been deferred for the time being and excluded from the bid
      packages.   For the remaining jobs, work has been taken in hand
      except for Job No. JP 11, for which the agency is not yet
      finalised.   All these jobs comprise of 60 packages and amount to
      781.5 kms.   Cost of completing these jobs would be around Rs. 255
      million.

      2.3.1    Although GOG is sending copies of bid acceptance letters
      the Bank would require statements for the award of each contract



I;
c .
                                       - 2 -


giving information about the number of tenders sold, number of
bids received, value of the lowest bid, n.me of the successful
bidder and the bid value.  The statement should also contain
reasons if the bids, other than the lowest, are accepted.

2.4      By the end of March 31, 1988, expenditure against civil
works was only Rs. 22.025 million.  Although the project
authorities have not been able to furnish up to date
(cummulative) expenditure under all categories, the figure would
be much less than the anticipated SAR expenditure of Rs. 86.8
million in the (Refer Table 3.5, Page 69).

2.5      Following reimbursement claims have been submitted so
far.  Some of them have been accepted and funds released by the
Reserve Bank of India.

                                                              (Rs.Million>

Appl.   Date of        Period      Eligible Exgenditure Categories Value of
No.     Submi-         Cover-       I   I I  III   IV   V   Total Claims
        ssion          ed
        (DIMlY)

1.      11. 2. 88      1. 4. 85-   0.63           7.53              8.16   3.456
                       11. 5. 87

2.      10.3.88        12.5.87- 2.45 0.18         5.80              8.43   4.124
                       31.1. 88

3.      29.3.88        1.2.88-     5.80 0.12      0.43    0 .. 06   6.41   4.352
                       20.3.88

4.      29.3.88        1.2.88-     0.32 0.07      0.28              0.67   0.369
                       20.3.88

                    Total          9.20 0.37      14.04   0.06 23.67 12.301

2.6      Some time back (in August '87) the Bank had proposed to
enhance the rate of disbursement (even upto 90%) to speed up
disbursements in the drought-striken areas.  However, the project
authorities are worried as to why they are not getting the
disbursements at the enhanced rates.

3.        Execution of Works

3.1      Due to shortlisting of contractors through
prequalification procedures, the R&B Department is now in a
better position to complete the jobs within the stipulated
                              - 3 -



completion periods. During site inspections, the mission was
happy to note satisfactory progress on most of the works. Some
jobs are expected to be completed even ahead of schedule.

3.2      In spite of unfavourable weather conditions prevalent in
the state, the mission could inspect about 10 jobs in Mehasana,
and Sabar Kantha districts.  Important observations regarding
design, specifications and quality of work are listed in the
following paragraphs.

3.3      Design

3.3.1     Although, while designing bridges, safety of the
structure and continuity of traffic during the floods assume
prime importance, the oversafe designs become very costly and may
compromise the economic viability of the jobs because of their
e}~orbitant costs.  On two roads, (Job Nos. 119 @( 227) the mission
noted that a couple of spans would function only as the land
spans and at the given locations bridges of shorter lengths would
have sufficied. Whenever the site people find that some piers
and abutments are located deep inside the high banks and there is
no likelyhood of water flowing through the spans (because of high
ground both upstream and downstream) they should ask the design
staff to visit the site and take a second look at the designs and
make necessary modifications before the work is started.

3.3.2    Project includes some jobs, which provide only short
approaches to villages adjacent to main roads. Since traffic on
these approaches would always be local traffic, some saving could
be effected in designing these roads to traffic volumes lower
than other longer and busy through routes.

3.4      Specifications

3.4.1    Estimates for construction of new roads provide a layer
of 15 cm thick sand over the clayey subgrades. For this, sands
with CBR values exceeding 20 are to be used.  However, it is very
difficult to compact the fine sand, as locally available.  This
adversely affects the stability of the subsequent WBH layers.
Therefore, instead of using the sand, a mixture of murrum and
sand would be preferable.  Alternatively, possibility of using
lime soil stabilisation for the sub base construction may be
investigated.  This experience should be used in making suitable
changes during eHecution.

3.4.2    In order to ensure better surface finish, the project
envisages use of paver finisher for spreading of crushed metal
(size grade 3) for the top ten cm layer of WBH base.   Lower
layers of the WBM base course will continue to use hand broken
metal (of sizes grade one or two), spread manually.  During
actual construction of WBM however no screenings (either grade A
or B) are used and binding is done through non plastic material
                             - 4 -



like sand. WBH thus constructed is less stable, probably due to
inadequate interlocking of the stone metal especially of size
grade 3.  The Chief Engineer has agreed to look into this aspect
in more detail and would carry out some experiments by using
screenings and good murrum or a mix of sand and murrum or
murram.  In case the experiments are not successful, the item
will have to be changed to the conventional WBH with hand broken
metal, but with more rigid control on the size and gr.dation of
the metal and the surface finish of the WBH. As an alternative,
the CE has proposed using a paver-laid layer of Lean Bituminous
Macadam (LBM) by reducing the thickness to 50 mm. The mission
recommends that the experiments be carried out promptly so that
changes in the specifications of works could be mutually agreed
upon and followed during execution.

3.5      Quality Control

3.5.1    In the present R&B departmental set up, there is a
separate quality control organisation headed by an indepehdent
Chief Engineer. However, in the context of the Bank project its
role needs to be restricted to educating the field staff in
making their supervision more effective. The main thrust shall
be on achieving higher quality standards during the progress of
work. Day-to-day activities Csampling and testing) must however
be in the hands of Executive Engineer in charge of construction.
He alone should deal with the contractor and will be accountable
for the quality of works along with the Contractor.

3.5.2    In situations where formations of existing road are to
be widened in small widths, there are severe restrictions on the
use of conventional 8-10 ton smooth wheeled rollers.   In such
situations, Executive Engineers should specify use of mechanical
tamper or any other appropriate plant.  In the absence of rigid
supervision contractors are dumping lumps of locally available
earth for the widening of formation. Although some rolling is
done on the top layer, the whole earth mass remains loose and
slopes are unstable. This construction is not done according to
the specifications. This should be stopped immediately. Use of
handy, walk behind type vibratory rollers or any other suitable
equipment should invariably be insisted upon. More attention is
also required in preparing (benching, ploughing or scarifying)
the old formation, before laying of fresh earthworks along its
side.

3.5.3    On Road No. 104, the mission found out that seggregation
was taking place in the metal being spread for the WBH
construction. Similary, the mission observed that the site
supervision had failed to keep the undulations in the surface
within the permissible tolerances. For this the contractor as
well as the supervisory staff needs to be held responsible. A
lot of concentrated effort would be needed to achieve better
riding quality in the completed road works.
                              - 5 -



3.5.4    The quality of concrete in the two bridges under
construction on Roads No. 227 and 119 is excellent. However,
adequate steps are necessary in the construction of hume pipe
culverts, especially during concreting of head wall section
surrounding the pipes and concrete copings laid on the top of the
walls. Especially in these cases finishing done later with
cement plaster does not last long as the work is frequently
tampered with by village urchins, etc ••

4.       Staffing. Office Buildings, etc.
4.1      Although GOG has decided to have an independent Chief
Engineer for this project, the position will be created only when
the state assembly passes the budget in its coming monsoon
session. This post will be available only after July 1.
Currently, the project has two supervisory circles, nine
divisions and thirty sub-divisions. Of these, regulare SE has
not been posted in the Rajkot Circle and the SE posted in
Gandhinagar Circle may not be able to continue further because of
his indifferent health. Out of nine divisions, five are manned
by experienced EEs, two by newly promoted EEs and the remaining
two divisions are held by the EEs as additional charges. Deputy
Engineers are yet to be posted to man six of the thirty
subdivisions.

4.2      During the peak of its implementation, the project would
need about 4 circles and 17 divisions. Today, even to utilize
the current year's budget provision of Rs. 185 million and to
complete detail engineering and procurement for civil works of
the 1300 km new road works included in the budget, existing nine
divisions would be totally inadequate. To carry out the targeted
program, three more divisions would be needed in Mehasana, Sabar
Kantha and Banas Kantha districts.  In fact, the need for
additional staff was pointed out by the Bank as early as
inOctober 1987.
4.3      Although there is futher need to build additonal
accomodation at Palanpur, Modasa, Tharat and Gandhinagar, at many
places new offices have been built to house the divisional and
sub-divisional units created for the project. The offices have
been constructed by respective R&8 divisions in their office
compounds.  The program of establishing new offcies is thus
progressing satisfactorily.  It appears that so far no
reimbursement has been claimed for the expenditure on building
construction; this needs to be expedited. So far, residential
buildings are not constructed. Only minimum units may be built
in at remote places where the current need is very urgent and
where they fit in the overall maintenance set up on project
completion. GOG should however prepare a detailed report
indicating total building program with costs. In the regular
progress reports, specific mention about progress on this program
(with expenditure and physical achievements) shall be made ••
                              -   6 -



4.4       By arranging transfer of surplus staff, furniture,
office equipment, etc., from the existing departmental units as
well as from other government departments, the cost of
establishing new offices has been controlled effectively.
Simultaneously, CE R&B has ensured that minimum time is lost in
making these units fully operational. However, field
establishment urgently needs about 2(1 inspection vehicles.
Without vehicles, their effectiveness will be greatly hampered
and targets for detail engineering would not be met with.

5.       Eguipment

5.1       Although government has approved an estimate for
purchase of new equipment, actual purchase will be carried out
through 005&0 only after LCB tenders are invited nationally
 (refer Para 5, Anne~{ 4, Page 45 of SAR). In this case, contracts
above, US$ 56,000 will be subject to the Bank's prereview.

5.2      The list of equipment in the estimate will have to be
supplemented by the type of machinery which can be effectively
used in compacting earthwork in narrow widths and on embankment
slopes.

5.3      GOG has prepared an ICB document for the purchase of
equipment globally. The document will be scrutinised with BOG
officials before onward transmission to Washington for approval.

6.       Budget

b.l      Due to various reasons, total expenditure during FY 8S
did not exceed Rs. 22 million. This is only 251. of the SAR
targets.   This shortfall of about Rs. 65 million will have to be
made good in the coming years. SAR target of Rs.279.7 million
during this year may therefore need an upward revision to Rs. 300
million.   The budget allocation made available during the year
(88-89) however is only Rs. 185 million. GOG will have to
substantially increase the funding for this project to rectify
the situation.

b.2       Although monitoring system is not yet installed,
important aspects like progressive expenditure under each
category etc. must be available with the PPM Cell. Every month
the e>:pendi ture progress should be reported to the Bank.

7.      Technical Assistance, Engineering Services for Project
        Monitoring, Training. etc.

7.1      Since December 1987, GOG has engaged Operation Research
Group of Vadodara as consultants to develop, instal and operate a
computer based project monitoring system for this project. The
inception report was to be received from the consultants within
two months from the starting date. Although BOG has received
                              - 7 -



this report from the consultants, copy has not been furnished to
the Bank. Some output/input formats received from the
consultants however were given to the mission. The mission
requests GOG to furnish full report.

7.2      During joint discussions with the consultants and GOG
staff the mission once again explained as to what the Bank would
look for in the proposed monitoring system. ORG has so far
collected basic data from different field officers and hopes to
complete a status report giving position as existing on 31.3.88.
Thereafter, monthly progress would be collected and incorporated
in the system. Since the project has now entered the second
year, the system needs to be installed without any further
delay. Copies of the status report and progress report be
furnished to the Bank as soon as they are received from the
consultants.

8.       Maint§oance Planning Study, Road Safety Program and
         Staff Training

8.1       GOG must quickly finalise the short listing of
consultants for the Maintenance Planning Study and obtain their
proposals without any fUrther delay. Since the study is quite
difficult and voluminous, the earlier it is started the better it
would be.

8.2      Further details about Road Safety program and training
schemes for the departmental and the contractor's personnel need
to be planned and agreed to with the Bank. Unless the training
activities are started quickly the project staff will not be able
to avail of the facilities and the project would not be
benefitted to the extent desired during appraisal.




ZP.4/GUJRURDS/05.25
                                                               Annex 1

                              INDIA


                   GUJARAT RURAL ROADS PROJECT


                        (Credit 1757-IN)




                   List of State Officials Met




Government

Mr. V.P. Kamdar                  Secy. , R&B Department

Mr. A.J. Trivedi                 CE, R&B Dept., Rural Roads

Mr. K.A. Parekh                  SE & OSD, PPM Cell

Mr. M.R. Jani                    SE, RRP Circle, Rajkot

Mr. J.C. Trivedi                 SE, RRP Circle, Gandhinagar

Mr. B.K. Parmar                  EE, RRP Dn. , Rajkot

Mr. C.M. Mathew                  EE, RRP Dn. , Mehsana

Mr. C.K. Kothari                 EE, RRP Dn. , Ahmedabad

Mr. P.N. Jain                    EE, RRP Dn. , Modesa

Mr. J.C. Chavda                  EE, RRP Dn. , Palanpur

ORG

Mr. K.C. Nayak                   Consultant

Mr. Ramachandran                Consultant
...
                                                               Annex I I I
                                          INDIA

                              eUJARAT RURAL RgaDS PROJECT
                                    (Credit 1757-IN)


                     List of Roads Dropped froa the Bid Packages


      Name of        Sri ..   Job No.    Name of Road         L!!flgth        Cost
      District       No.                                       (km)          (R... M)
      Sabarkantha      1.     S 111      Ken pur approach      0.5            1.725

                       2.     S 118      Kundol approach       3 .. 0        0.495

                      3.      5 119      Himmatnagar-
                                         Katwad-Hopar          6.0           0.99

                       4.     8 192      Navgam-Kasala
                                         approach              3.0           0.87

                       5.     8 198      Phadio approach       5.0            1.56

                      6.      8 247      Bobha approach        2.5           0.412

         Subtotal     6                                       20.0           6.052


      Mehasan@        1.      1'1   56   Patanpura approach    1.0           0.445

                      2.      M 172      Kokhala-Manigani      1.0           0.455

         Subtotal     2                                        2.0           0 .. 890


      Banaskantha     1.      B     96   SaMbalpani to "DR     1.0           0.453

                      2.      B 103      Vekari to aDR         1.0           0 .. 453

                      3.      B 106      Jaswantpura to MDR    2.0           0.906

                      4.      8 174      Chekla approach      0.50           0.227

         §ubi;gtal    4                                        4.5           2.039


      Jynagarh        1 ..    J     50   Diwasa approach       1.0           0.156

            Total 13                                          27.5           9.137
