Page  1
                                                            CONFORMED COPY
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2661 IN
                             Project Agreement
                   (District Primary Education Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                    and
                              STATE OF ASSAM
                             STATE OF HARYANA
                            STATE OF KARNATAKA
                              STATE OF KERALA
                           STATE OF MAHARASHTRA
                                   AND
                            STATE OF TAMIL NADU
                          Dated December 22, 1994
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2661 IN
                             PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated December 22, 1994, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and THE STATES OF
ASSAM, HARYANA, KARNATAKA, KERALA, MAHARASHTRA AND TAMIL NADU
(ACTING BY THEIR RESPECTIVE GOVERNORS) (the Project States).
      WHEREAS by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between India, acting by its President (the Borrower)
and the Association (the Development Credit Agreement), the
Association has agreed to make available to the Borrower an
amount in various currencies equivalent to one hundred eighty
million Special Drawing Rights (SDR 180,000,000), on the terms
and conditions set forth in the Development Credit Agreement,
but only on condition that the Project States agree to
undertake such obligations toward the Association as are set
forth in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Project States, in consideration of the
Association's entering into the Development Credit Agreement
with the Borrower, have agreed to undertake the obligations set
forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                                 ARTICLE I
                                Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the
Preamble thereto, and in the General Conditions (as so defined
in the Development Credit Agreement) have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) Each Project State declares its commit-
ment to the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule
2 to the Development Credit Agreement, and, to this end, shall
jointly and severally carry out the Project, and cause State
Implementation Societies to carry out the Project, with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial and educational practices, and shall
provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for
the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph
(a) of this Section and except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, the Project States shall carry out the Project
in accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. Each Project State shall carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07
and 9.08 of the General Conditions applicable to the
Development Credit Agreement (relating to insurance, use of
goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of
the Project Agreement and that part of the Project carried out
by each of them respectively.
      Section 2.04. (a) Each Project State shall, at the request
of the Association, exchange views with the Association with
regard to the progress of the Project, the performance by each
of them of its respective obligations under this Agreement, and
other matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)  Each Project State shall promptly inform the Associa-
tion of any condition which interferes or threatens to
interfere with the progress of the Project, the accomplishment
of the purposes of the Credit, or the performance by each of
them of its respective obligations under this Agreement.
                                ARTICLE III
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a)  Each Project State shall maintain and
cause State Implementation Societies to maintain, records and
accounts, adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices their operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of activities related to its respective
parts of the Project, of the departments or agencies
responsible for carrying out the Project or any part thereof.
      (b)   Each Project State shall:
Page  3
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the
                  Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as
                  available, but in any case not later than nine
                  months after the end of each such year,
                  certified copies of the report of such audit by
                  said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                  as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other
                  information concerning said records, accounts
                  and the audit thereof, as the Association shall
                  from time to time reasonably request.
                                ARTICLE IV
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement
becomes effective.
      Section 4.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of
the Association and of the Project States thereunder shall
terminate on the earlier of the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit Agree-
                  ment shall terminate in accordance with its
                  terms; or
           (ii)   the date twenty (20) years after the date of
                  this Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in
paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the Association shall
promptly notify the Project States of this event.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any
cancellation or suspension under the General Conditions
applicable to the Development Credit Agreement.
                                 ARTICLE V
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted
to be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement
between the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in
writing. Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been
duly given or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by
mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which
it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
Page  4
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      For  the State of Assam
            Chief Secretary to the Government
              of Assam
            Guwahati, India
      For  the State of Haryana
            Chief Secretary to the Government
              of Haryana
            Chandigarh, India
      For  the State of Karnataka
            Chief Secretary to the Government
              of Karnataka
            Bangalore, India
      For the State of Kerala
            Chief Secretary to the Government
              of Kerala
            Trivandrum, India
      For the State of Maharashtra
            Chief Secretary to the Government
              of Maharashtra
            Bombay, India
      For the State of Tamil Nadu
            Chief Secretary to the Government
              of Tamil Nadu
            Madras, India
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be executed,
under this Agreement on behalf of a Project State may be taken
or executed by its Chief Secretary or such other person or
persons as the Chief Secretary shall designate in writing and
such Project State shall furnish to the Association sufficient
evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Heinz Vergin
                                           Acting Regional Vice President
                                                               South Asia
Page  5
                  STATES OF  ASSAM, HARYANA, KARNATAKA, KERALA,
                  MAHARASHTRA AND TAMIL NADU
                  By /s/ N. Valluri
                                                Authorized Representative
                                SCHEDULE 1
                   Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the International Bank for Reconstruction and
Development (the Bank) in May 1992 (the Guidelines).
      (a)   For fixed-price contracts, the invitation to bid
referred to in paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines shall provide
that, when contract award is delayed beyond the original bid
validity period, the successful bidder's bid price will be
increased for each week of delay by two predisclosed correction
factors acceptable to the Association, one to be applied to all
foreign currency components and the other to the local currency
component of the bid price. Such an increase shall not be taken
into account in the bid evaluation.
      (b)   In the procurement of goods in accordance with this
Part A, the Borrower and Project States shall use the relevant
standard bidding documents issued by the Association, with such
modifications thereto as the Association shall have agreed to
be necessary for the purposes of the Project. Where no relevant
standard bidding documents have been issued by the Association,
the Borrower and Project States shall use bidding documents
based on other internationally recognized standard forms agreed
with the Association.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A(1) hereof, goods manufactured in
India may be granted a margin of preference in accordance with,
and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of
the Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2
thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Except as provided in paragraph 2 of Part C of this
Schedule, civil works shall be procured on the basis of
competitive bidding advertised locally in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.    Civil works, estimated to cost the equivalent of $15,000
or less per contract shall be: (a) procured on the basis of
competitive bidding advertised locally in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Association; (b) carried out by
force account up to an aggregate value of $13,400,000
equivalent; or (c)  carried out through communities up to an
aggregate value of $17,900,000 equivalent in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Association.
3.    Contracts for furniture, equipment, books, educational and
consumable materials, estimated to cost the equivalent of
$300,000 or less but more than the equivalent of $50,000 per
Page  6
contract, up to an aggregate amount of $21,200,000 equivalent,
shall be procured on the basis of competitive bidding
advertised locally in accordance with procedures satisfactory
to the Association.
4.    Contracts for: (a) furniture up to an aggregate amount of
$5,800,000 equivalent; (b) books up to an aggregate amount of
$10,900,000 equivalent; (c) educational and consumable
materials up to an aggregate amount of $39,500,000 equivalent;
(d) equipment up to an aggregate amount of $7,100,000
equivalent, each contract estimated to cost $50,000 equivalent
or less per contract, and (e) contracts for the purchase of
vehicles, up to an aggregate amount of $300,000 equivalent and
estimated to cost the equivalent of $100,000 or less per
contract, (a maximum of $100,000 equivalent for purchases by
each State), may be procured under quotations solicited from a
list of at least three suppliers, in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Association.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and
final contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for civil works and
goods estimated to cost more than $300,000 equivalent, the
procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines) shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the
Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure
that the two conformed copies of the contract required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d)
shall be furnished to the Association prior to the making of
the first payment out of the Special Account in respect of such
contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3
and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where
payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the
two conformed copies of the contract together with the other
information required to be furnished to the Association
pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the
Association as part of the evidence to be furnished pursuant to
paragraph 4 of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b)
shall not apply to contracts on account of which the Associa-
tion has authorized withdrawals from the Credit Account on the
basis of statements of expenditure. Such contracts shall be
retained in accordance with Section 4.01 (a) (ii) of the
Development Credit Agreement.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist the Borrower and Project States in
carrying out the Project, the Borrower and Project States shall
employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms
and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Association. Such consultants shall be selected in accordance
with principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by
World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency"
published by the Bank in August 1981 (the Consultant
Guidelines). For complex, time-based assignments, the Borrower
and Project States shall employ such consultants under
contracts using the standard form of contract for consultants'
Page  7
services issued by the Bank, with such modifications as shall
have been agreed by the Association. Where no relevant standard
contract documents have been issued by the Bank, the Borrower
and Project States shall use other standard forms agreed with
the Association.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this
Section, the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring
prior Association review or approval of budgets, short lists,
selection procedures, letters of invitation, proposals,
evaluation reports and contracts, shall not apply to: (a)
contracts for the employment of consulting firms estimated to
cost less than $100,000 equivalent each; or (b) contracts for
the employment of individuals estimated to cost less than
$50,000 equivalent each. However, said exceptions to prior
Association review shall not apply to: (a) the terms of
reference for such contracts, (b) single-source selection of
consulting firms, (c) assignments of a critical nature, as
reasonably determined by the Association, (d) amendments to
contracts for the employment of consulting firms raising the
contract value to $100,000 equivalent or above, or
(e) amendments to contracts for the employment of individual
consultants raising the contract value to $50,000 equivalent or
above.
                                SCHEDULE 2
                          Implementation Program
1.    Each Project State shall carry out, and cause its State
Implementation Society to carry out, the District Primary
Education Program, as applicable to such State.
Tribal Peoples/Gender
2.    Each Project State shall: (i) prepare; and (ii) provide to
the Association by June 30, 1995, strategies, acceptable to the
Association for improving primary education of female students
and scheduled tribe students, together with implementation
plans and budgets for the following year.
3.    (a)   Each Project State shall implement the Project in any
tribal area (as designated by such State in accordance with
applicable laws), in accordance with procedures and delivery
strategies set out in the Association's policies governing
implementation of Association-assisted Projects affecting
indigenous peoples.
      (b)   Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing
subparagraph (a): (i) each Project State shall allocate Project
resources for tribal students at least in proportion to the
share of the tribal population in the relevant Project
District; and (ii) each Project State shall provide for review
by the Association, prior to its approval by such Project
State, any proposal for the establishment of residential
schools for scheduled tribe students including relevant school
maps and evidence of the demand for such schools on the part of
isolated tribal communities.
Non-Governmental and Community Organizations
4.     Each Project State shall select non-governmental and
community organizations participating in the Project in
accordance with criteria and procedures satisfactory to the
Association.
Monitoring and Review
5.    Without limitation to the generality of any other
provision of this Agreement, each Project State shall:
         (i)      review annually with the Association progress
                  in Project implementation over the preceding
Page  8
                  twelve months;
        (ii)      discuss with IDA by January 31 of each year,
                  annual work plans and budgets for the next
                  twelve months;
       (iii)      carry out assessment studies in all Project
                  Districts in the third and sixth year of
                  Project implementation with terms of reference
                  and using methodologies acceptable to the
                  Association;
        (iv)      carry out, no later than June 30, 1998, or such
                  later date as the Association shall establish,
                  along with the Association, a mid-term review
                  of the Project; and
         (v)      duly take into account the comments offered by
                  the Association during such review, in the
                  course of further implementation of the
                  Project.
