Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2221 MAI
       (Financial Sector and Enterprise Development Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
                      RESERVE BANK OF MALAWI
                        Dated June 24, 1991
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2221 MAI
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 24, 1991, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and RESERVE BANK OF MALAWI
(RBM).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between REPUBLIC OF MALAWI (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to twenty-two
million three hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 22,300,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition that RBM agree
to undertake such obligations toward the Association as are set
forth in this Agreement;
Page  2
      (B)   by a subsidiary agreement (the RBM Agreement) to be
entered into between the Borrower and RBM, part of the proceeds of
the credit provided for under the Development Credit Agreement will
be made available to RBM on the terms and conditions set forth in
said RBM Agreement; and
      WHEREAS RBM, in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement and in the
General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings
therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project;
                 Management and Operations of RBM
      Section 2.01. (a) RBM declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out and
cause PFI's to carry out Parts A, B and C.1 through C.3 of the
Project as described in said Schedule and in accordance with
Schedules 1 and 2 to this Agreement, and conduct its operations and
affairs in accordance with sound financial standards and practices,
with qualified management and personnel, and in accordance with the
RBM Act.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Association and RBM shall
otherwise agree, RBM shall carry out Parts A, B and C.1 through C.3
of the Project in accordance with the Implementation Program set
forth in Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. (a) RBM shall enter into PFI Agreements with
each PFI, pursuant to Section 3.01 (c) of the Development Credit
Agreement, to enable PFI's to make Sub-loans, Investments and
provide Lease Financing to Investment Enterprises for Investment
Projects including industrial sites as provided in Parts A and B of
the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit
Agreement. The terms and conditions of the PFI Agreements shall be
approved by the Association and shall conform to the terms and
conditions stipulated in Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      (b)   No withdrawals shall be made by a PFI from the Credit
Account unless: (i) the appropriate PFI Agreement has been duly
executed on behalf of RBM and the PFI; and (ii) said PFI Agreement
has been approved by the Association.
      (c)   Without prejudice to the provisions of paragraph (a) of
Section 2.05 of this Agreement, no withdrawals shall be made by a
PFI from the Credit Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (b) (ii) of
Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement, unless such PFI
shall have submitted to, and obtained the approved of, the
Association of at least one appraisal report prepared by said PFI
for Investment Projects.
      Section 2.03. (a) RBM undertakes that, unless the Association
shall otherwise agree, Sub-loans, Investments and Lease Financing
shall be made in accordance with the procedures and on the terms and
conditions set forth or referred to in Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      (b)   RBM shall exercise its rights in relation to each
Investment Project in such manner as to: (i) protect the interests
Page  3
of the Association and of RBM; (ii) comply with its obligations
under this Agreement and the RBM Agreement; and (iii) achieve the
purposes of the Project.
      Section 2.04. RBM shall:
         (i)      cause PFI's to calculate (A) financial rates of
                  return of Investment Projects for which Sub-loans
                  are made or proposed to be made in amounts
                  exceeding $100,000; and (B) economic rates of
                  return of Investment Projects for which Sub-loans
                  are made or proposed to be made in amounts
                  exceeding $500,000; and
           (ii)   unless otherwise agreed by the Association,
                  ensure that PFI's will not make Sub-loans in an
                  amount exceeding the equivalent of $2,000,000 in
                  respect of any one Investment Project or to any
                  single Investment Enterprise.
      Section 2.05. (a) RBM shall promptly transfer to the Borrower
all payments received from PFI's under PFI Agreements.
      (b)   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (a) of this
Section, RBM may after retaining the service charge referred to in
Section 3.01 (c) (iii) of the Development Credit Agreement, utilize
part of any amounts received from a PFI under a PFI Agreement for
loans to be made to PFI's for Sub-loans, Investment, or Lease
Financing, as appropriate, provided that such amounts are not
immediately required by the Borrower to fulfill its obligations
specified, inter alia, in Sections 2.05, 2.06 and 2.07 of the
Development Credit Agreement
      Section 2.06. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to the Development
Credit Agreement.
      Section 2.07. RBM shall (a) cause PFI's to carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and
9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods
and services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project
Agreement and Parts A and B of the Project; and (b) carry out the
obligations referred to in (a) above, in respect of the Project
Agreement and Parts C.1 through C.3 of the Project.
      Section 2.08. RBM shall duly perform all its obligations under
the RBM Agreement. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
RBM shall not take or concur in any action which would have the
effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the RBM
Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.09. (a) RBM shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of Parts A, B and C.1 through C.3 of the Project, the
performance of its obligations under this Agreement and under the
RBM Agreement, and other matters relating to the purposes of the
Credit.
      (b)   RBM shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of Parts A, B and C.1 through C.3 of the Project, the
accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit, or the performance by
RBM of its obligations under this Agreement and under the RBM
Agreement.
      Section 2.10. RBM shall cause PFIs to submit to the
Association, from time to time at the Association's request,
appraisal reports prepared by the PFI for Investment Projects.
      (b)   RBM shall cause PFIs to make improvements or adjustments
Page  4
in their appraisal methodology and practices as may be reasonably
recommended by the Association.
                            ARTICLE III
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) RBM shall maintain procedures and records
adequate to monitor and record the progress of Parts A, B and C.1
through C.3 of the Project and of each Investment Project (including
its cost and the benefits to be derived from it) and to reflect in
accordance with consistently maintained sound accounting practices
the operations and financial condition of RBM.
      (b)   RBM shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  Section 3.01(a) for each fiscal year audited, in
                  accordance with appropriate auditing principles
                  consistently applied, by independent auditors
                  acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year: (A) certified copies
                  of its records and accounts for such year as so
                  audited; and (B) the report of such audit by said
                  auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Association shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts as well as
                  the audit thereof, as the Association shall from
                  time to time reasonably request.
                            ARTICLE IV
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 4.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of RBM thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of
the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                  Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
                  terms; or
           (ii)   the date 25 years after the date of this
                  Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify RBM of
this event.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                             ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
Page  5
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      For RBM:
            Reserve Bank of Malawi
            Box 30063
            Lilongwe 3
            Malawi
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  RESERVE                   44788
                  Lilongwe                  44843
                  Malawi                    44222
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of RBM may be taken or executed by the Governor
or such other person or persons as the Governor shall designate in
writing, and RBM shall furnish to the Association sufficient
evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen signature
of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        By /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                        RESERVE BANK OF MALAWI
                        By /s/ Robert B. Mbaya
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
Page  6
              Procedures for and Terms and Conditions
           of Sub-loans, Investments and Lease Financing
1.    Sub-loans shall: (a) have maturities (i) not exceeding twelve
years including grace periods of up to three years under Part A of
the Project and (ii) 20 years, including a grace period of up to
five years under Part B of the Project; and (b) be at the market
rate of interest.
2.    Existing Investment Enterprises shall contribute a minimum of
10% of Investment Project costs and new Investment Enterprises shall
contribute at least 20% of such costs.
3.    Existing Investment Enterprises shall have a debt service
ratio of not less than 1.3:1, and a debt/equity ratio not exceeding
4:1.
4.    Investment Enterprises shall carry out initial preparation of
Investment Projects. Each PFI shall review the Investment Project in
accordance with its own analysis procedures which shall continue to
be satisfactory to the Association. The appraisal evaluation shall
cover relevant information about the Investment Enterprise and the
Investment Project, including inter alia, its technical soundness,
financial viability, economic efficiency and managerial capacity as
well as loan security requirements.
5.    Except as the Association shall otherwise agree, Investment
Projects shall meet the following criteria:
      (a)   not exceed: (i) $2,000,000 equivalent under Part A of
the Project and (ii) $2,800,000 equivalent under Part B of the
Project;
      (b)   be supported by an appraisal of the Investment Project's
technical viability, and market analysis, and the Investment
Enterprise's managerial capacity;
      (c)   present a summary cash flow analysis to indicate the
Investment Enterprise's viability and ability to service the debt;
and
      (d)   for Sub-loans of more than $100,000 equivalent, a
financial rate of return of at least 12% on total Investment Project
costs.
6.    No expenditures for goods or services required for an
Investment Project shall be eligible for financing out of the
proceeds of the Credit unless the Sub-loan, Investment or Lease
Financing for such Investment Project shall have been approved by
RBM and such expenditures shall have been made not earlier than
ninety days prior to the date on which RBM shall have received the
application and information required under paragraph 7 (a) of this
Schedule in respect of such Sub-loan, Investment or Lease Agreement.
7.    (a)   When presenting a Sub-loan, Investment or Lease
Agreement to RBM for approval, PFIs shall furnish to RBM an
application, in form satisfactory to RBM and the Association,
together with: (i) a description of the Investment Enterprise and an
appraisal of the Investment Project, including a description of the
expenditures proposed to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit; (ii) the proposed terms and conditions of the Investment,
Sub-loan or Lease Agreement, including the appropriate schedule of
amortization of the Sub-loan or term of the Lease Agreement; and
(iii) such other information as RBM shall reasonably request.
      (b)   Applications and requests made pursuant to the
provisions of sub-paragraph (a) of this paragraph shall be presented
to RBM on or before December 31, 1995.
8.    Sub-loans and Investments shall be made on terms whereby PFIs
shall obtain, by written contract with the Investment Enterprise or
by other appropriate legal means, rights adequate to protect the
Page  7
interests of the PFI, RBM and the Association and, including, in the
case of any Sub-loan or Lease Agreement and, to the extent that it
shall be appropriate, in the case of any Investment, the right to:
      (a)   require the Investment Enterprise to carry out and
operate the Investment Project with due diligence and efficiency and
in accordance with sound technical, financial and managerial
standards and to maintain adequate records;
      (b)   require that: (i) the goods and services to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be procured in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit
Agreement and (ii) such goods and services shall be used exclusively
in the carrying out of the Investment Project;
      (c)   inspect, by itself or jointly with representatives of
RBM and the Association, if the Association shall so request, such
goods and the sites, works, plants and construction included in the
Investment Project, the operation thereof, and any relevant records
and documents;
      (d)   require that: (i) the Investment Enterprise shall take
out and maintain with responsible insurers such insurance, against
such risks and in such amounts, as shall be consistent with sound
business practice; and (ii) without any limitation upon the
foregoing, such insurance shall cover hazards incident to the
acquisition, transportation and delivery of goods financed out of
the proceeds of the Credit to the place of use or installation, any
indemnity thereunder to be made payable in a currency freely usable
by the Investment Enterprise to replace or repair such goods;
      (e)   obtain all such information as the Association or RBM
shall reasonably request relating to the foregoing and to the
administration, operations and financial condition of the Investment
Enterprise and to the benefits to be derived from the Investment
Project; and
      (f)   suspend or terminate the right of the Investment
Enterprise to the use of the proceeds of the Credit upon failure by
such Investment Enterprise to perform its obligations under its
contract with the PFI.
                            SCHEDULE 2
              Terms and Conditions of PFI Agreements
1.    PFIs shall: (a) with respect to Part A of the Project, repay
RBM the principal amount of loans made under PFI Agreements in
accordance with schedules conforming with the amortization schedules
of Sub-loans made by each PFI or twelve years whichever is the
shorter; and
       (b)  with respect to Part B of the Project, repay RBM the
principal amount of loans made under PFI Agreements in accordance
with schedules conforming with the amortization schedules of Sub-
loans made by each PFI or twenty years, whichever is the shorter.
2.    Subject to any review that may be made from time to time by
RBM, each PFI shall pay interest to RBM at the Reference Rate.
3.    PFI Agreements shall specify that PFIs:
      (a)   perform satisfactory appraisals of Investment Projects;
      (b)   supervise Investment Projects financed under the Credit
to ensure that resources are used for the intended purposes and
repaid;
      (c)   make periodic reports to the Apex Unit within RBM;
      (d)   comply with the Borrower's rules and regulations on
environmental aspects of Investment Projects;
Page  8
      (e)   assist small- and medium-scale enterprises to identify
technical assistance needs wherever necessary;
      (f)   provide the Apex Unit within RBM and the Association
with such information as they may reasonably request; and
      (g)   designate qualified staff to manage the Investment
Projects financed under the Credit.
4.    The first sub-project from each PFI shall be submitted to the
Association for prior review and approval. Thereafter the
Association shall review a sample of sub-projects on an ex-post
basis.
                            SCHEDULE 3
                      Implementation Program
Project Coordination
1.    Under the overall supervision of the Secretary to the
Treasury, Ministry of Finance, RBM shall be responsible for the
implementation of Parts A, B and C.1 through C.3 of the Project.
Parts A and B of the Project
2.    The Apex Unit within RBM, headed by the Director of Research
and Statistics, and including an Assistant Director, and four core
staff, shall be responsible for the implementation of Parts A and B
of the Project.
3.    RBM shall promptly notify the Association of any changes in
the Reference Rate, including a review of the causes for such
changes.
4.    RBM shall ensure that with respect to Part B of the Project
PFIs shall: (a) sub-let industrial land, allocated by the Borrower's
Department of Lands and Valuations, to investors to develop
industrial sites, including factory shells or (b) finance the
development of such land and sub-let the fully developed industrial
sites to investors.
Part C of the Project
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraphs 3 through 5 of
Schedule 4 to the Development Credit Agreement the Apex Unit shall
be responsible for disbursements and the maintenance of accounts in
respect of Part C of the Project.
6.    RBM shall employ consultants to assist RBM to: (a) develop
an economic model for forecasting credit and monetary developments;
(b) reorganize and strengthen the existing statistical data base;
(c) train RBM staff in econometric methods; and (d) assist in
establishing money market operations and training for staff.
7.    RBM shall ensure that, with the assistance of consultants, the
Post Office Savings Bank's restructuring and strategic plan is
completed by not later than September 30, 1991.
8.    In order to establish the Export Credit Guarantee Facility,
RBM shall employ consultants to: (a) formulate operating policies
and procedures; (b) design the management system; and (c) train
staff.
