Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2221 MAI
       (Financial Sector and Enterprise Development Project)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF MALAWI
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        Dated June 24, 1991
                                           CREDIT NUMBER 2221 MAI
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 24,1991, between REPUBLIC OF MALAWI
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   part of the Project will be carried out by Reserve Bank
of Malawi (RBM) with the Borrower's assistance and, as part of such
assistance, the Borrower will make available to RBM part of the
proceeds of the Credit as provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Project
Agreement of even date herewith between the Association and RBM;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
Page  2
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1,
1985, with the modifications set forth in Schedule 6 to this
Agreement (the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of
this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "RBM" means the Reserve Bank of Malawi, the Borrower's
Central Bank;
      (b)   "INDEBANK" means Investment and Development Bank of
Malawi Limited;
      (c)   "MDC" means Malawi Development Corporation;
      (d)   "Investment" means an investment, other than a Sub-loan
or Lease Agreement, made or proposed to be made by a PFI out of the
proceeds of the Credit in an Investment Enterprise for an Investment
Project;
      (e)   "Investment Enterprise" means an enterprise with which
a PFI has signed a Lease Agreement, to which a PFI proposes to make
or has made a Sub-loan or in which it proposes to make or has made
an Investment;
      (f)   "Investment Project" means a specific development
project to be carried out by an Investment Enterprise under a Lease
Agreement or utilizing the proceeds of a Sub-loan or Investment;
      (g)   "Project Agreement" means the agreement between the
Association and RBM, of even date herewith, as the same may be
amended from time to time, and such term includes all schedules and
agreements supplemental to the Project Agreement;
      (h)   "PFI" or "Participating Financial Intermediary" means
any one of the following: INDEBANK, the Commercial Bank of Malawi
Limited, the National Bank of Malawi, the Leasing and Finance
Company of Malawi Limited, and MDC or such other institution(s) as
may be added from time-to-time by RBM on the basis of eligibility
criteria satisfactory to the Association;
      (i)   "PFI Agreement" means each of the loan agreements to be
entered into by RBM and each of the PFI's pursuant to Section
3.01(c) of this Agreement, whereby RBM will provide said PFI with
funds for Sub-loans Lease Financing and Investments;
      (j)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to an exchange of letters dated April 25, 1990, May 22,
1990, October 23, 1990 and February 11, 199l between the Borrower
and the Association;
      (k)   "Special Account" means any of the accounts referred to
in Section 2.02 (b), (c) and (d) of this Agreement;
      (l)   "Statement of Policy" means the Borrower's Investment
Policy Statement on, inter alia, taxation, export, exchange control,
investment protection, industrial land and investment adopted on
January 12, 1991;
      (m)   "Sub-loan" means a loan made or proposed to be made by
a PFI out of the proceeds of the Credit to an Investment Enterprise
for an Investment Project;
      (n)   "Lease Financing"  or "Lease Agreement" means an
agreement entered into by a PFI and an Investment Enterprise whereby
the PFI leases to the Investment Enterprise an Investment Project
Page  3
financed from the proceeds of the Credit, against the payment of
rent, for periods which, unless otherwise agreed by the Association,
shall not exceed twelve years;
      (o)   "RBM Agreement" means the agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and RBM pursuant to Section 3.01 (c) of this
Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time, and such
term includes any schedules to the RBM Agreement;
      (p)   "RBM Act" means the Reserve Bank of Malawi Act (Act. No.
8 of 1989);
      (q)   "Reference Rate" means the rate determined by RBM from
time to time, for on-lending by RBM to PFIs reflecting the
prevailing average cost of term borrowings in the financial system;
and
      (r)   "MTIT" means the Borrower's Ministry of Trade, Industry
and Tourism.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to twenty-two million three hundred thousand Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 22,300,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for: (i) amounts paid (or, if the
Association shall so agree, amounts to be paid) by RBM on account of
withdrawals made by an Investment Enterprise under a Sub-Loan or
Investment to meet the reasonable cost of goods and services
required for the Investment Project in respect of which the
withdrawal from the Credit Account is requested; and (ii)
expenditures made (or if the Association shall so agree, to be made)
in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
Part C of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of Category (1)(a)
of the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement, open
and maintain in dollars a special deposit account (hereinafter
referred to as Special Account A) in a commercial bank on terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Association including appropriate
protection against set-off, seizure or attachment. Deposits into,
and payments out of, the Special Account shall be made in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of Category (1)(b)
of the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement, open
and maintain in dollars a special deposit account (hereinafter
referred to as Special Account B) in a commercial bank on terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Association including appropriate
protection against set-off, seizure or attachment. Deposits into,
and payments out of, the Special Account shall be made in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (d)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of Categories (2)
through (5), of the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement, open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account
(hereinafter referred to as Special Account C) in a commercial bank
on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Association including
appropriate protection against set-off, seizure or attachment.
Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account shall be
made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 5 to this
Agreement.
      (e)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
Page  4
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance
shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1997 or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on March 15 and September 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each March 15 and September 15,
commencing September 15, 2001, and ending March 15, 2031. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on March 15,
2011 shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due consi-
deration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
Page  5
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 2.09. RBM is designated as representative of the
Borrower in respect of Parts A, B and C.1 through C.3 of the Project
for the purposes of taking any action required or permitted to be
taken under the provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement and
Article V of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and, to this end:
            (i)   shall carry out Parts C.4 through C.7 of the
                  Project with due diligence and efficiency and in
                  conformity with appropriate administrative and
                  financial practices and shall provide, promptly
                  as needed, the funds, facilities, services and
                  other resources required for such Parts of the
                  Project; and
           (ii)   without limitation or restriction upon any of its
                  other obligations under the Development Credit
                  Agreement, the Borrower shall cause RBM to
                  perform all its obligations set forth in the
                  Project Agreement, shall take or cause to be
                  taken all actions, including the provision of
                  funds, facilities, services and other resources,
                  necessary or appropriate to enable RBM to perform
                  such obligations, and shall not take or permit to
                  be taken any action which would prevent or
                  interfere with such performance.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section, and except as the Borrower and the Association
shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall carry out Parts C.4
through C.7 of the Project in accordance with the Implementation
Program set forth in Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The Borrower shall make available nineteen million
Special Drawing Rights (SDR 19,000,000) from the proceeds of the
Credit to RBM under the RBM Agreement to be entered into between the
Borrower and RBM, under terms and conditions which shall have been
approved by the Association and which shall include, inter alia, (i)
an undertaking by RBM to make loans to PFIs under PFI Agreements to
be entered into with each PFI for financing Investment Projects
under Parts A and B of the Project, under the terms and conditions
specified in the Project Agreement; and (ii) that the proceeds of
the Credit shall be relent at the Reference Rate; (iii) an
undertaking by RBM to collect from and transfer to the Borrower, all
payments of interest and repayments of principal from PFIs under PFI
Agreements after retaining as a service charge, an amount not
exceeding one-half of one percent from the interest paid by PFI's;
and (iv) an undertaking by the Borrower to bear the foreign exchange
risk.
      (d)   The Borrower shall make available from the proceeds of
the Credit as grants:
            (i)   to RBM (A) an amount equivalent to two hundred
                  eighty thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR
Page  6
                  280,000) for the carrying out of Part C.1 of the
                  Project; (B) an amount equivalent to six hundred
                  twenty-five thousand Special Drawing Rights
                  (SDR 625,000) for financing activities under Part
                  C.2 of the Project; and (C) an amount equivalent
                  to one hundred twenty-five thousand Special
                  Drawing Rights (SDR 125,000) to finance technical
                  assistance under Part C.3 of the Project; and
           (ii)   to INDEBANK, an amount equivalent to two hundred
                  forty-five thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR
                  245,000) for carrying out Part C.6 of the
                  Project; and
          (iii)   to MDC, an amount equivalent to four hundred
                  eighty-five thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR
                  485,000) for carrying out Part C. 7 of the
                  Project.
      (e)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the RBM
Agreement in such manner as to protect the interests of the Borrower
and the Association and to accomplish the purposes of the Credit,
and except as the Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower
shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive the RBM Agreement or any
provision thereof.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower and the Association hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of Parts
A, B and C.1 through C.3 of the Project shall be carried out by RBM
pursuant to Section 2.07 of the Project Agreement.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall, by April 30, 1992, take all
measures necessary to establish an Investment Promotion Agency with
terms of reference, including staffing levels, costs and procedures,
satisfactory to the Association.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of Part C.4 through C.7 of the Project of
the departments or agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying
out the Project or any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those for
                  the Special Account for each fiscal year audited,
                  in accordance with appropriate auditing
                  principles consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year, a certified copy of
                  the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
Page  7
                  concerning said records, accounts and the audit
                  thereof as the Association shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the
                  Association has received the audit report for the
                  fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from the
                  Credit Account or payment out of the Special
                  Account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   RBM shall have failed to perform any of its obligations
under the Project Agreement.
      (b)   As a result of events which have occurred after the date
of this Agreement, an extraordinary situation shall have arisen
which shall make it improbable that RBM will be able to perform its
obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (c)   The RBM Act shall have been amended, suspended,
abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially and
adversely the operations or the financial condition of RBM or its
ability to carry out the Project or to perform any of its
obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (d)   The Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment
of RBM or for the suspension of its operations.
      (e)   An event has occurred which shall make it improbable
that the reforms in the Statement of Policy or a significant part
thereof, will be carried out.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 5.01 of
this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of sixty
days after notice thereof shall have been given by the Association
to the Borrower; and
      (b)   any event specified in paragraphs (c) and (d) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
Page  8
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   RBM has appointed staff to manage its Apex Unit pursuant
to paragraph 2 of Schedule 3 to the Project Agreement; and
      (b)   the Borrower has appointed the committee referred to in
paragraph 3 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 6.02. The following is specified as an additional
matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association namely, that the Project Agreement has
been duly authorized or ratified by RBM, and is legally binding upon
RBM in accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 of this
Agreement, the Minister of Finance of the Borrower is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of
the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Finance
            P.O. Box 30049
            Capital City
            Lilongwe 3
            Malawi
            Cable address:                      Telex:
                  FINANCE                         44407 MI
                  Malawi
      For the Association:
            International Development
             Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                      Telex:
                  INDEVAS                         248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.                 82987 (FTCC)
                                                   64145 (WUI) or
                                                  197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
Page  9
                        REPUBLIC OF MALAWI
                        By /s/ Robert B. Mbaya
                                         Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        By /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                            Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1)  Goods and                                  90% for Investment
     services for:                              Projects in an
                                                ongoing Invest-
     (a)  Investment          14,200,000        ment Enterprise
          Projects under                        and 80% for
          Part A of the                         Investment
          Project; and                          Projects in a
                                                new Investment
     (b)  industrial           4,800,000        Enterprise
          sites under
          Part B of the
          Project
(2)  Equipment and vehicles                     100%
     under Part C of the
     Project:
     (a)  Under Part C.4         140,000
          of the Project
     (b)  Other                  140,000
                            Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(3)  Civil Works under                          80%
     Part C of the
     Project
     (a)  Under Part C.4         210,000
          of the Project
     (b)  Other                  140,000
(4)  Technical                 1,325,000        100%
Page  10
     assistance,
     consultants'
     services and
     training under
     Part C of the
     Project
(5)  Incremental                 835,000        80%
     operating
     costs
(6)  Refunding of                510,000        Amounts due
     Project                                    pursuant to
     Preparation                                Section 2.02 (e)
     Advance                                    of this Agreement
                              __________
          TOTAL               22,300,000
                              ==========
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower;
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower, or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower; and
      (c)   the term "incremental operating costs" means recurrent
Part C of the Project on: (i) the operation and maintenance of
vehicles; and (ii) office supplies and materials.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of: (a) payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement except that
withdrawals in an amount not exceeding the equivalent of SDR 700,000
may be made in respect of Category (1)(a) on account of payments
made for expenditures incurred before that date but after a date
falling ninety days prior to the date of this Agreement; (b)
expenditures with respect to Category (1) unless: (i) the Sub-loan,
Investment or Lease Financing has been made in accordance with the
procedures and on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
in Schedule 1 to the Project Agreement; and (ii) the relevant PFI
has entered into a PFI Agreement, satisfactory to the Association,
with RBM and the Association has approved at least one Investment
Project submitted by such PFI under Section 2.02 (c) of the Project
Agreement; and (c) expenditures with respect to Categories (2) (a)
and (3) (a) unless the Borrower has established the Investment
Promotion Agency pursuant to Section 3.04 of this Agreement.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are: (i) to assist the Borrower
in financing such productive facilities and resources in Malawi as
will contribute to the economic and social development of the
country; and (ii) to support the Borrower's efforts to expand
exports and improve the policy and institutional framework for
private sector investment.
      The Project consists of the following Parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Investment Finance
A line of credit to be made available, through RBM, to Participating
Financial Intermediaries for provision of medium- and long-term
financing for Investment Projects in the industrial, transport,
Page  11
tourism, commercial and agro-industrial sectors.
Part B:     Industrial Sites
A line of credit to be made available, through RBM, to Participating
Financial Intermediaries, for provision of long-term financing for
the construction and provision of roads, electricity, water and
telecommunications infrastructure for industrial sites, including
factory shells.
Part C:     Institutional Capacity Development
1.    Strengthening RBM's monetary policy management capability
through technical assistance, training and the acquisition of
equipment, including computers.
2.    Restructuring the Post Office Savings Bank to function as an
autonomous commercially-oriented financial institution, consultants'
services and the acquisition of vehicles and equipment.
3.    Strengthening RBM's capability to operate an export credit
guarantee facility, including the acquisition of vehicles and
equipment.
4.    Establishment and operation of an investment promotion agency.
5.    Establishment of a training and technical assistance fund to
support improvement of the skill level of (a) entrepreneurs and (b)
professional staff in institutions that support small- and medium-
scale enterprises.
6.    Strengthening INDEBANK's capability in merchant banking
through technical assistance, training and the acquisition of
vehicles and equipment.
7.    Strengthening MDC's project management capability and its
capacity to develop factory shells on a commercial basis including
the acquisition of vehicles and equipment.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1995.
                            SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
      Except as provided in Part B hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Items or groups of items estimated to cost the equivalent of
$1,000,000 or less per contract, up to an aggregate amount
equivalent to $24,000,000 may be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of procurement procedures of PFIs, which shall be
consistent with commercial practice, satisfactory to the
Association.
2.    Items or groups of items for equipment and vehicles estimated
to cost the equivalent of $150,000 or less per contract, up to an
aggregate amount equivalent to $400,000, may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised
locally in accordance with procedures acceptable to the Association,
which shall include the opening of bids in public.
Page  12
3.    Propriety equipment, or standardized equipment required for
compatibility with existing equipment, may be procured on the basis
of negotiated contracts, in accordance with procedures acceptable to
the Association.
Part C:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for equipment estimated to
cost the equivalent of $500,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of the
Special Account in respect of such contracts.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Association has
authorized withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower, RBM, INDEBANK, POSB and MDC
in carrying out the Project, the Borrower shall employ experts and
consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms and
conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the Association.
Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the
"Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and
by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in
August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                      Implementation Program
Project Coordination
1.    The Secretary to the Treasury, Ministry of Finance shall be
responsible for overall coordination of the activities of RBM and
other agencies responsible for the implementation of the various
components of the Project, including the carrying out of a Mid-Term
Review in consultation with the Association by not later than
December 31, 1993, to evaluate progress and status of Project
implementation and, if necessary, redesign the Project to ensure
that the objectives are achieved.
2.    The Principal Secretary, Department of Economic Planning and
Development (EP&D) shall coordinate and supervise the provision of
services to industrial sites under Part B of the Project on the
basis of plans and cost estimates which shall be submitted to EP&D
by the various ministries, agencies and utilities required to
provide services to such industrial sites.
Part C.4 of the Project
Page  13
3.    The Borrower shall appoint a committee to be chaired by the
Principal Secretary, EP&D, to oversee the implementation of actions
needed to set up the Investment Promotion Agency.
Part C.5 of the Project
4.    The Fund which shall be established and managed by MTIT, shall
address the human resources constraints of non-governmental
institutions, commercial banks and other institutions supporting
small- and medium-scale enterprises, and strengthen the capability
of MTIT and EP&D to support industrial development.
      The terms of reference, operating policies and procedures and
eligibility criteria for beneficiaries of the Fund shall be
satisfactory to the Association.
Part C.7 of the Project
5.    In order to strengthen its management and build up capacity to
prepare projects and develop industrial sites, MDC shall appoint an
experienced adviser and an expert on project appraisal and planning,
and submit a comprehensive development program, satisfactory to the
Association.
                            SCHEDULE 5
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories: (i) in
the case of Special Account A, Category (1)(a) set forth in the
table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; (ii) in the
case of Special Account B, Category (l)(b) of said table; and (iii)
in the case of Special Account C, Categories (2) through (5) of said
table;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods, works and services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means: (i) an amount
equivalent to $2,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into Special Account A; (ii) an amount equivalent to
$750,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and deposited into
Special Account B; and (iii) an amount equivalent to $250,000 to be
withdrawn from the Credit Account and deposited into Special Account
C all pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                  requests for deposits into the Special Account at
Page  14
                  such intervals as the Association shall specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                  by said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
      All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from
the Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in
the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by
said documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
      Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to
the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the
Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the Association
may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account (or, if the
Association shall so request, refund to the Association) an amount
equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so
eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise agree,
no further deposit by the Association into the Special Account shall
be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence or made such
deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any timethat any amount 
outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
Page  15
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
                            SCHEDULE 6
              Modifications of the General Conditions
      For purposes of this Agreement, the provisions of the General
Conditions are modified as follows:
      (1)   The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      (2)   The following subparagraph is added to Section 2.01:
            "15. The term 'Project Agreement' has the meaning set
      forth in paragraph (g) of Section 1.02 of the Development
      Credit Agreement."
      (3)   The words "the Association may, by notice to the
Borrower, terminate the right of the Borrower to make withdrawals
with respect to such amount. Upon the giving of such notice, such
amount of the Credit shall be cancelled" set forth at the end of
Section 6.03 are deleted and the following is substituted therefor:
            "or (e) by the date specified in subparagraph 8 (b) of
      Schedule 1 to the Project Agreement, the Association shall, in
      respect of any portion of the Credit: (i) have received no
      applications or requests permitted under subparagraph (a) of
      said paragraph; or (ii) have denied any such applications or
      requests, the Association may, by notice to the Borrower,
      terminate the right to submit such applications or approvals
      or to make withdrawals from the Credit Account, as the case
      may be, with respect to such amount or portion of the Credit.
      Upon the giving of such notice, such amount or portion of the
      Credit shall be cancelled."
