Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2265 YEM
              (Fourth Fisheries Development Project)
                              between
                         REPUBLIC OF YEMEN
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        Dated June 20, 1991
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2265 YEM
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 20, 1991, between REPUBLIC OF YEMEN (the
Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Commission of the European Communities (EC) intends
to make a grant (the EC Grant) to the Borrower in an aggregate
principal amount equivalent to $16,300,000 to assist in financing
part of the Project on the terms and conditions set forth in an
agreement (the EC Grant Agreement) to be entered into between the
Borrower and EC;
      (C)   the Borrower intends to contract from International Fund
for Agricultural Development (IFAD) a loan (the IFAD Loan) in an
amount in various currencies equivalent to five million Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 5,000,000) to assist in financing Parts B, D and
F of the Project on terms and conditions set forth in an agreement
(the IFAD Loan Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower
Page  2
and IFAD; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)"MF" means the Ministry of Fisheries of the Borrower;
      (b)   "CFC" means Coastal Fishing Corporation, a semi-
autonomous governmental authority established and operating under
the Borrower's Law No. 11 of 1980, and any successor thereto;
      (c)   "CACB" means the Cooperative and Agricultural Credit
Bank, a semi-autonomous governmental authority established and
operating under the Borrower's Law No. 39 of 1982;
      (d)   "FMDC" means Fisheries Manpower Development Center, a
training institute operating within the MF;
      (e)   "MSRRI" means Marine Science and Resources Research
Institute, a research institute operating within MF;
      (f)   "NCFM" means National Corporation for Fish Marketing, a
semi-autonomous governmental authority established and operating
under the Borrower's Law No. 9 of 1980, and any successor thereto;
      (g)   "PIU" means the Project Implementation Unit within MF
established pursuant to the Credit Agreement between the People's
Democratic Republic of Yemen and the Association, dated April 11,
1982, for the Third Fisheries Development Project (Credit No. 1274-
YDR);
      (h)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to an exchange of letters, dated June 13, 1990 and June 20,
1990 between the Borrower and the Association;
      (i)   "Special Fund Agreement" means the agreement to be
entered into between MF and CACB pursuant to Section 3.07 (a) of
this Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time;
      (j)   "Steering Committee" means the steering committee within
MF referred to in Section 3.02 (c) of this Agreement; and
      (k)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to nine million four hundred thousand Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 9,400,000).
Page  3
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in the
Central Bank of Yemen on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association. Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account
shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 4 to
this Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance
shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1999, or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restric-
tions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower;
and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for the
purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other
eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on March 15 and September 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each March 15 and September 15
commencing September 15, 2001 and ending March 15, 2031. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on March 15,
2011 shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Page  4
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due considera-
tion by them of the development of the Borrower's economy, modify
the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the Credit
shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project through MF
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial and engineering practices, and shall
provide, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and
other resources required for the Project.
      Section 3.02. In order to facilitate the proper carrying out
of the Project, the Borrower shall:
      (a)   maintain the PIU with organization, staff and terms of
reference satisfactory to the Association;
      (b)   by September 30, 1991, appoint to the staff of the PIU
an accountant, a civil engineer and a procurement officer whose
qualifications and experience shall be satisfactory to the Associa-
tion; and
      (c)   establish a Steering Committee, comprised of representa-
tives of MF, CACB, CFC, MSRRI and NCFM, to ensure interagency
coordination under the Project.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower shall:
      (a)   prior to the signing of any contract for the construc-
tion of facilities under Part A (1) of the Project, take all
measures necessary to obtain the written consent of the fisheries
cooperatives to: (i) the construction of such facilities in their
respective villages; and (ii) the cost recovery arrangements for
such construction, as set forth in sub-paragraph (b) below; and
      (b)   ensure that the facilities provided under Part A (1) of
the Project (excluding housing, offices, roads, parking facilities,
water supply, sewerage, and markets) and plastic boxes provided
under Part C of the Project, are transferred to the concerned
fisheries cooperatives under arrangements, satisfactory to the
Association, providing, inter alia, for the reimbursement to the
Borrower by said fisheries cooperatives, of the equivalent of the
cost to the Borrower of such facilities and plastic boxes, over a
period of ten years, including a one-year grace period for such
Page  5
reimbursement and with interest on the amount not reimbursed at the
rate per annum equivalent to the interest rate established by the
Central Bank of Yemen for loans to borrowers in the agricultural
sector with a repayment period of more than one year, or at such
other rate as the Borrower and the Association may agree from time
to time after reviewing the prevailing lending conditions within the
Borrower's territory. Such reimbursement period shall start from the
respective dates of transfer of such facilities and plastic boxes to
the concerned fisheries cooperatives.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall adopt an action program,
satisfactory to the Association, providing for the restructuring and
improvement in the operation of the fisheries cooperatives, which
action program shall include, inter alia, measures to:
      (a)   permit the purchase by individual members of the
fisheries cooperatives of existing cooperative fishing boats through
a hire-purchase scheme; and
      (b)   improve the financial position of the fisheries
cooperatives, including, inter alia, the reduction in administra-
tive expenses of the fisheries cooperatives and the establishment of
a framework for pricing the productive services provided to
fishermen and traders by the fisheries cooperatives.
      Section 3.05. The Borrower shall ensure that the Project is
carried out in accordance with environmental guidelines satisfactory
to the Association.
      Section 3.06. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and consultants' services required for the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit and the
IFAD Loan shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this
Agreement.
      Section 3.07. (a) For the purpose of carrying out Part G of
the Project, and except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
the Borrower shall cause MF to open with CACB a special fund
pursuant to a Special Fund Agreement to be entered into between the
MF and CACB, satisfactory to the Association, the principal terms
and conditions of which are set forth in Schedule 5 to this
Agreement.
      (b)   Each year until the Closing Date established pursuant to
Section 2.03 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall cause MF to make
annual supplementary deposits into the special fund established
pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) above in order to compensate for the
decrease in real value of such special fund during the preceding
year. The supplementary deposit for each year shall be equivalent to
the difference between the rate of inflation as measured by the
Consumer Price Index published by the Central Bank of Yemen for the
preceding year and the average nominal interest rate on loans to
target beneficiaries during the preceding year, such difference
applied to amounts disbursed and outstanding under the special fund
during such year. Each year, the Borrower shall make an allocation
in the budget of MF equivalent to such annual supplementary deposit.
      Section 3.08. Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 9.06 of the General Conditions, the Borrower
shall, through the PIU:
      (a)   within two months after the end of each semester,
furnish to the Association for review and comment a summary of the
progress achieved in the carrying out of the Project during such
semester; and
      (b)   by June 30, 1994, or such later date as the Association
may agree, furnish to the Association for review and comment an
interim report on the progress achieved under the Project through
the period ending three months prior to such report.
                            ARTICLE IV
Page  6
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of the Project of the departments or
agencies of the Borrower, including MF, CFC and MSRRI, responsible
for carrying out the Project or any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section, including those
                   for the Special Account for each fiscal year
                   audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                   principles consistently applied, by independent
                   auditors acceptable to the Association;
            (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as
                   available, but in any case not later than three
                   months after the end of each such year, an
                   unaudited copy and, not later than nine months
                   after the end of each such year, a certified
                   copy of the report of each audit by said
                   auditors, of such scope and in such detail as
                   the Association shall have reasonably requested;
                   and
            (iii)  furnish to the Association such other
                   information concerning said records, accounts
                   and the audit thereof as the Association shall
                   from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                   accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                   records and accounts reflecting such
                   expenditures;
            (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the
                   Association has received the audit report for
                   the fiscal year in which the last withdrawal
                   from the Credit Account or payment out of the
                   Special Account was made, all records
                   (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts
                   and other documents) evidencing such
                   expenditures;
            (iii)  enable the Association's representatives to
                   examine such records; and
            (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                   included in the annual audit referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                   together with the procedures and internal
                   controls involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. (a) Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely,
that subject to subparagraph (b) of this paragraph:
Page  7
            (i)    the right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                   proceeds of the EC Grant or the IFAD Loan shall
                   have been suspended, cancelled or terminated in
                   whole or in part, pursuant to the terms of the
                   EC Grant Agreement and of the IFAD Loan
                   Agreement; or
            (ii)   the IFAD Loan shall have become due and payable
                   prior to the agreed maturity thereof.
      (b)   Sub-paragraph (a) of this paragraph shall not apply if
the Borrower establishes to the satisfaction of the Association
that:
            (i)    such suspension, cancellation, termination or
                   prematuring is not caused by the failure of the
                   Borrower to perform any of its obligations under
                   such agreement; and
           (ii)    adequate funds for the Project are available to
                   the Borrower from other sources on terms and
                   conditions consistent with the obligations of
                   the Borrower under this Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely that
the event specified in paragraph (a) (ii) of Section 5.01 of this
Agreement shall occur, subject to the proviso of paragraph (b) of
that Section.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   all conditions precedent to the effectiveness of the
IFAD Loan Agreement, other than those related to the effectiveness
of this Agreement, have been fulfilled;
      (b)   all conditions precedent to the effectiveness of the EC
Grant Agreement, other than those related to the effectiveness of
this Agreement, have been fulfilled;
      (c)   the Borrower shall have adopted the action program
referred to in Section 3.04 of this Agreement pursuant to such
provision; and
      (d)  the Special Fund Agreement has been executed on behalf
of MF and CACB.
      Section 6.02. The date one hundred twenty (120) days after the
date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of
Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
      Section 6.03. The obligations of the Borrower under Section
4.01 of this Agreement shall cease and determine on the date on
which this Agreement shall terminate or on the date twenty (20)
years after the date of this Agreement, whichever shall be the
earlier.
                            ARTICLE VII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Minister of Planning and Development of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
Page  8
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Planning and Development
            P.O. Box 175
            Sana'a
            Republic of Yemen
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   CENPLAN                   2266 CENPLAN YE
                   Sana'a
      For the Association:
            International Development
               Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                     248423 (RCA),
                   Washington, D.C.             82987 (FTCC),
                                                64145 (WUI) or
                                               197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                   REPUBLIC OF YEMEN
                   By /s/ Mohsin A. Alaini
                                         Authorized Representative
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                   By /s/ Ram K. Chopra
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                              Europe, Middle East and North Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                            Amount of the            % of
                           Credit Allocated      Expenditures
                            (Expressed in       to be Financed
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     under the Credit
(1) Civil works under         1,400,000         75%
    Part A (3) of the
    Project
Page  9
(2) Equipment (other          2,300,000         100% of foreign
    than outboard                               expenditures,
    engines and fish-                           100% of local
    ing gear), boat                             expenditures (ex-
    building materials                          factory) and 85%
    and vehicles                                of local expen-
                                                ditures for
                                                other items pro-
                                                cured locally
(3) Outboard engines          4,100,000         55% of foreign
    and fishing gear                            expenditures, 55%
    under Part B (2)                            of local expendi-
    of the Project                              tures (ex-factory)
                                                and 50% of local
                                                expenditures for
                                                other items pro-
                                                cured locally
(4) Consultants' ser-            500,000        100% of foreign
    vices and training                          expenditures
    under Parts D                               and 90% of local
    and F of the                                expenditures
    Project
                            Amount of the            % of
                           Credit Allocated      Expenditures
                            (Expressed in       to be Financed
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     under the Credit
(5) Refunding of                 300,000        Amounts due pur-
    Project                                     suant to Section
    Preparation                                 2.02 (c) of this
    Advance                                     Agreement
(6) Unallocated                  800,000
                               _________
         TOTAL                 9,400,000
                               =========
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for goods or
services supplied from the territory of any country other than that
of the Borrower; and
     (b)  the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower.
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for expendi-
tures prior to the date of this Agreement.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
     The objectives of the Project are: (i) to expand fish
production for local consumption and export; (ii) to improve the
efficiency of domestic and export marketing of fish, including
institutional reform of the fisheries cooperatives; (iii) to improve
the assessment and management of fish resources; and (iv) to provide
support to women in the fishing communities.
     The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Page  10
Part A:
1.   Construction, furnishing and equipping of primary facilities
for fish handling, preserving and distribution of fish, cooperative
offices, boat repair areas, water supply facilities, housing for
fishermen associated facilities, and workshops in villages located
along the rich coastal fishing grounds off the Gulf of Aden.
2.   Construction of a covered fiberglass construction yard for CFC
in Aden.
3.   Construction of an asphalt road between Fokum and Imran.
Part B:
1.   Provision to CFC of: intermediate technology vessels and
construction materials for wooden and glass reinforced plastic
boats.
2.   Provision to MF, for resale, of: outboard engines, fishing
gear, and spare parts.
Part C:
     Provision to MF, for resale, of: a fleet of vehicles, including
insulated and refrigerated trucks, vehicle workshop equipment,
lobster traps and plastic boxes for fish collection and distribu-
tion.
Part D:
1.   Strengthening of MF's institutional capacity: (i) to manage and
administer the fisheries sector resources; (ii) to plan for
investment in the fisheries sector, including preparation of a
future investment program; (iii) to monitor the provision of credit
to fishermen and women engaged in the fisheries sector for the
acquisition of, inter alia, imported boats, outboard engines and
fishing gear financed out of the proceeds of the Credit; and (iv) in
naval architecture; all through the provision of equipment,
vehicles, technical assistance, training and fellowships.
2.   Education of member of fisheries cooperatives and other
fishermen on cooperative management, accounts, credit, equipment
maintenance, fish handling and storage and market promotion, all
through the provision of equipment, vehicles, technical assistance,
and training.
Part E:
     Strengthening of the institutional capacity of MSRRI in fish
stock assessment, resource management and environmental research,
through upgrading MSRRI's offices in Aden and Mukalla, establishment
and renovation of an office in Hodeidah, and the provision of a
coastal research vessel, vehicles, equipment, technical assistance
and training.
Part F:
1.   Strengthening of the institutional capacity of CFC and PIU in
management, finance and marketing techniques and restructuring of
the fisheries cooperatives through the provision of technical
assistance, training, vehicles and equipment.
2.   Supporting women in the fishing communities through rehabilit-
ation of community development centers, implementation of adult
education and vocational training programs and creation of income
earning opportunities, and the provision of vehicles, technical
assistance, training and equipment.
Part G:
     Provision of credit through CACB to: (i) members of the fishing
Page  11
communities presently working as crew members on boats owned by
others; (ii) graduates of FMDC and other educated unemployed youth
from the fishing communities; (iii) personnel laid off from work by
MF and fisheries cooperatives; and (iv) other individuals who do not
own a farm, from the poorest segment of the fishing communities
seeking employment in the fishing sector; for the purchase of, inter
alia, imported boats, outboard engines and fishing gear financed out
of the proceeds of the Credit.
                          *      *      *
     The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1998.
                           SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
     Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in Yemen may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Contracts for the procurement of office and laboratory
equipment provided under Parts D and F of the Project estimated to
cost the equivalent of $10,000 or more per contract but less than
$100,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to not
more than $500,000, may be awarded on the basis of comparison of
price quotations obtained from at least three suppliers from at
least two different countries eligible under the Guidelines, in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Association.
2.   Miscellaneous equipment required under Parts D and F of the
Project estimated to cost the equivalent of $10,000 or less per
contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to not more than
$100,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
comparison of price quotations obtained from at least three
suppliers, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the Associa-
tion.
3.   Civil works for rehabilitation of community development centers
under Part F (2) of the Project, up to an aggregate amount not to
exceed $700,000, may be carried out by force account with the prior
approval of the Association.
Part D:Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each contract for goods and works
estimated to cost the equivalent of $100,000 or more, the procedures
set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines
shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made out of
the Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure
that the two conformed copies of the contract required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall
be furnished to the Association prior to the making of the first
Page  12
payment out of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
     (c)  The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall not
apply to contracts on account of which the Association has
authorized withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of paragraph
4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out Parts D and F
of the Project, the Borrower shall employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of employment
shall be satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be
selected in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory
to the Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by The World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                             SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
through (4) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement;
     (b)  the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
     (c)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $600,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited in the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.   Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.   After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
     (a)  For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the Borrower
shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for a deposit
or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the
Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests, the
Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
     (b)  (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                Borrower shall furnish to the Association requests
                for deposits into the Special Account at such
                intervals as the Association shall specify.
Page  13
          (ii)  Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                payments in respect of which replenishment is
                requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                by said documents and other evidence to have been
                paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this Schedule,
the Association shall not be required to make further deposits into
the Special Account:
     (a)  if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
     (b)  once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated
to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any outstanding
special commitment entered into by the Association pursuant to
Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to the Project,
shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized
Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible Cate-
gories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall specify
by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made
only after and to the extent that the Association shall have been
satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special
Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in making
payments for eligible expenditures.
6.   (a)  If the Association shall have determined at any time that
any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
     (b)  If the Association shall have determined at any time that
any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be required
to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the Borrower
shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to the
Association such outstanding amount.
Page  14
     (c)  The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
     (d)  Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs 6
(a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
                            SCHEDULE 5
                       Special Fund in CACB
     The Special Fund Agreement shall provide, inter alia, as
follows:
1.   Proceeds from the sale of items under Categories 2 and 3 of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement shall be deposited into the Special
Fund until the amount in such fund shall be equivalent to
$3,000,000.
2.   The Special Fund shall be used to make loans to the target
beneficiaries listed in Part G of the Project.
3.   Eligible items to be financed include: small fishing boats,
outboard engines, fishing nets and other fishing gear, such items to
be hypothecated as security for repayment of the loan. Additional
security will be required in the form of a guarantee from a minimum
of two fishermen, or group guarantee.
4.   Amount of the loan is not to exceed 90% of the value of the
items to be financed. The loans to target beneficiaries shall be
made for periods of not more than five years, the length of the
amortization to take into account such factors as beneficiaries'
ability to pay and the estimated useful life of items to be financed
by such loan. Such repayment shall start from the respective dates
of sale of such items to target beneficiaries.
5.   The loans shall carry interest on amounts outstanding at the
rate per annum equivalent to the interest rate established by the
Central Bank of Yemen for loans to borrowers in the agricultural
sector with a repayment period of more than one year, or at such
other rate as the Association may approve from time to time after
reviewing the prevailing lending conditions within the Borrower's
territory.
6.   Repayments of loans falling due prior to the Credit Closing
Date pursuant to Section 2.03 of this Agreement shall be deposited
into the Special Fund. Repayments of loans falling due after such
Closing Date shall be repaid to the Borrower.
7.   Each of the CACB branch offices involved in lending activities
under the Special Fund will maintain accounts of such loans separate
from other lending operations. CACB shall receive a management fee
from MF for administration of the Special Fund.
