Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3425 EC
   (First Social Development Project -- Education and Training)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
         SERVICIO ECUATORIANO DE CAPACITACION PROFESIONAL
                        Dated March 9, 1992
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3425 EC
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated March 9, 1992, between INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and SERVICIO ECUATORIANO
DE CAPACITACION PROFESIONAL (SECAP).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Republic of Ecuador (the Borrower) and the Bank, the
Bank has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to eighty-nine million dollars
($89,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that SECAP agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by Subsidiary Agreement to be entered into between the
Borrower and SECAP, proceeds of the Loan provided for under the Loan
Agreement for Part B of the Project will be transferred to SECAP on
the terms and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Agreement; and
      WHEREAS SECAP, in consideration of the Bank's entering into
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. SECAP declares its commitment to the objectives
of the Project with regard to vocational training as set forth in
Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out
Part B of the Project (in cooperation with MEC with regard to Parts
B.1 and B.2 of the Project) with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate financial, administrative and vocational
training practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for the Project (including, inter alia, those
funds required to meet all operation and maintenance costs not
financed by the proceeds of the Loan).
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and services required for the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.03. SECAP shall carry out the obligations set forth
in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land acquisi-
tion, respectively) in respect of Part B of the Project (in
cooperation with MEC with regard to Parts B.1 and B.2 of the
Project).
      Section 2.04. SECAP shall enter into, and carry out the terms
of, the Subsidiary Agreement. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, SECAP shall not amend, abrogate, assign, waive or fail to
enforce the Subsidiary Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. SECAP shall promptly inform the Bank of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of Part B of the Project, the accomplishment of the
purposes of Loan, or the performance by SECAP of its obligations
under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Agreement.
      Section 2.06. SECAP shall enter into, and carry out the terms
of, the operational agreement with MEC referred to in Section 3.11
of the Loan Agreement. Unless the Bank shall otherwise agree, SECAP
shall not amend, abrogate, assign, waive or fail to enforce such
operational agreement with MEC or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.07. Throughout the course of Project implementation,
SECAP shall increase its collection of fees from small businesses,
for the services rendered to such businesses pursuant to Part B.4 of
the Project, at an annual rate satisfactory to the Bank, so that, by
the end of calendar year 1995, the fees so collected shall be
equivalent to 60% of SECAP's recurrent costs of rendering such
services and, by the end of calendar year 1997, the fees so
collected shall be equivalent to 100% of SECAP's recurrent costs of
rendering such services. For purposes of this Section, "SECAP's
recurrent costs of rendering such services" means all expenses
incurred by SECAP which are allocated, in a manner satisfactory to
the Bank, to its rendering of such services, including adminis-
tration, adequate maintenance, taxes and payments in lieu of taxes
(but excluding depreciation, interest and other charges on debt, as
well as other capital expenditures). The schedule of fees to be
collected by SECAP for the purpose of complying with this Section
(which schedule may subsequently be modified with the Bank's prior
Page  3
approval) is contained in the fee letter from SECAP to the Bank of
even date herewith.
      Section 2.08. Throughout the course of Project implementation,
SECAP shall increase its collection of fees, for all its training
courses (other than those fees already covered by Section 2.07 of
this Agreement), at an annual rate satisfactory to the Bank, so
that, by the end of calendar year 1995, the fees so collected shall
be equivalent to at least 24% of SECAP's recurrent costs. For
purposes of this Section, "SECAP's recurrent costs" means all
expenses incurred by SECAP related to its operations, including
administration, adequate maintenance, taxes and payments in lieu of
taxes (but excluding depreciation, interest and other charges on
debt, as well as other capital expenditures). The schedule of fees
to be collected by SECAP for the purposes of complying with this
Section (which schedule may subsequently be modified with the Bank's
prior approval) is contained in the fee letter from SECAP to the
Bank of even date herewith.
      Section 2.09. SECAP shall carry out Part B.7 (a) through (c)
of the Project and employ consultants and carry out other studies
according to the timetable contained in the studies letter from the
Borrower and SECAP to the Bank of even date herewith. By no later
than October 1, 1994, SECAP shall present to the Bank recom-
mendations, prepared under terms of reference satisfactory to the
Bank, for further institutional strengthening based on the results
of monitoring and analysis of data processed through the information
system referred to in Part B.7 (a) of the Project. Such recom-
mendations shall, inter alia, specify further curricula moderni-
zation actions SECAP proposes to undertake pursuant to Part B.6 of
the Project as a result of the data monitoring and analysis per-
formed through said information system.
      Section 2.10. SECAP shall coordinate implementation of Part B
of the Project through the PCU(S), to be maintained in a manner
satisfactory to the Bank throughout Project execution and to
include: (a) a coordinator; (b) three specialists (one in adult
education, one in technical assistance to small businesses with
export potential, and one in the management of vocational training
programs); (c) a vocational training technical adviser to the
coordinator; and (d) an administrator/accountant. In staffing the
PCU(S), SECAP shall comply with the timetable referred to in Section
6.01 (d) (ii) of the Loan Agreement. At least quarterly during
Project execution, the PCU(S) coordinator shall meet with the PCU(M)
coordinator and MINFIN's Undersecretary of Public Credit to discuss
the status of Project implementation and exchange observations
derived from their Project execution experience.
      Section 2.11. (a) At the end of every six-month period during
Project implementation, beginning with the period concluding on June
30, 1992, SECAP, through PCU(S), shall present to the Bank a
progress report on Part B of the Project based on the performance
indicators referred to in the indicators letter from the Borrower
and SECAP to the Bank of even date herewith. Such reports shall be
consolidated into an annual report covering the preceding calendar
year, to be presented to the Bank no later than March 31 of each
year during Project implementation (beginning March 31, 1993).
      (b)   SECAP shall participate in the annual reviews of Project
implementation and the finalization of the annual plans of action
for Part B of the Project referred to in Section 3.13 (b) of the
Loan Agreement. Each such annual plan of action for Part B of the
Project shall be carried out by SECAP during the twelve months
immediately subsequent to its finalization.
      (c)   Each annual review referred to in paragraph (b) of this
Section shall also take into account SECAP's budget.
      Section 2.12. As part of the annual reports referred to in
Section 2.11 (a) of this Agreement, SECAP shall provide the Bank
with statistical data, compiled and presented in a manner
satisfactory to the Bank, regarding the rate of utilization of
Page  4
SECAP's physical capacity during the immediately preceding calendar
year. SECAP shall exert its best efforts to bring the rate of
utilization referred to herein up to 60% by the beginning of 1998.
      Section 2.13. During the annual reviews scheduled to be held
in 1995 and 1997, special emphasis shall be placed on examining the
effectiveness of Part B of the Project in making SECAP a more
efficient and market-responsive provider of vocational training,
taking into account for purposes of such examination, inter alia,
the data compiled pursuant to Section 2.12 of this Agreement, as
well as data, compiled and presented in a manner satisfactory to the
Bank as part of the data monitoring and analysis referred to in
Section 2.09 of this Agreement, on the earnings of SECAP graduates
in relation to those of a comparator group and on SECAP's compliance
with Sections 2.07 and 2.08 of this Agreement. SECAP shall exert its
best efforts so that the earnings level for SECAP graduates shall be
10% higher than that of the comparator group by the end of 1995 and
15% higher by the beginning of 1998. The annual plans of action
finalized as part of the annual reviews held in 1995 and 1997 shall
include measures to be taken by SECAP as a result of such
examination.
      Section 2.14. With regard to Part B.7 (d) of the Project,
SECAP shall enter into, and carry out the terms of, at least ten
agreements with private chambers of commerce and/or industry. Each
such agreement shall specify how the chamber of commerce or industry
in question shall participate in the design, organization, manage-
ment and financing of training activities performed by SECAP for the
benefit of the trade sectors to which the members of such chamber of
commerce or industry belong. Such agreements shall be entered into
according to the terms of the plan of action referred to in Section
6.01 (e) of the Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                Management and Operations of SECAP
      Section 3.01. SECAP shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial and
vocational training practices under the supervision of qualified and
experienced management assisted by competent staff in adequate
numbers.
      Section 3.02. SECAP shall at all times operate and maintain
its plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
administrative practices.
      Section 3.03. SECAP shall take out and maintain, with
responsible insurers, insurance against such risks and in such
amounts as shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) SECAP shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition, including records and
separate accounts adequate to reflect all resources and expenditures
in respect of Parts B.3 through B.7 of the Project, as well as to
reflect the funds expended or received by SECAP with regard to Parts
B.1 and B.2 of the Project.
      (b)   SECAP shall:
            (i)    have its records, accounts and financial
                   statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                   and expenses and related statements) for each
                   fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                   appropriate auditing principles consistently
Page  5
                   applied, by independent private auditors
                   acceptable to the Bank acting under terms of
                   reference satisfactory to the Bank;
            (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year: (A) certified copies of its
                   financial statements for such year as so
                   audited; and (B) the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records, accounts and financial
                   statements and the audit thereof as the Bank
                   shall from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, or for all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals were made from the Special Account, SECAP shall provide
to the Borrower all records and accounts necessary to allow the
Borrower to perform its obligations punctually under Section 4.01 of
the Loan Agreement.
      Section 4.02. SECAP shall enter into contracts with
consultants to prepare an accounting system for its operations,
satisfactory to the Bank, and shall use such system, beginning no
later than June 30, 1992, as part of its compliance with, and
without in any way limiting, its obligation to maintain records and
accounts under Section 4.01 of this Agreement.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of SECAP thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the
Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the
Bank shall promptly notify SECAP thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified
or at such other address as such party shall have designated by
notice to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
Page  6
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                  82987 (FTCC),
                   Washington, D.C.          197688 (TRT),
                                             248423 (RCA) or
                                              64145 (WUI)
      For SECAP:
            Servicio Ecuatoriano de Capacitacion
              Profesional
            Calle Arizaga 110
            Casilla 2221
            Quito, Ecuador
                                           Telex:
                                             22963
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of SECAP, may be taken or executed by SECAP's
Director General or such other person or persons as SECAP's Director
General shall designate in writing, and SECAP shall furnish to the
Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated
specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ Ping-Cheung Loh
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                         SERVICIO ECUATORIANO DE
                           CAPACITACION PROFESIONAL
                         By /s/ Raul Vallejo
                                         Authorized Representative
