Page  1
                                                              CONFORMED COPY
                                                        LOAN NUMBER  3964 LV
                           Riga Project Agreement
                  (Municipal Services Development Project)
                                   between
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                               AND DEVELOPMENT
                                     and
                               THE CITY OF RIGA
                            Dated January 26, 1996
                                                         LOAN NUMBER 3964 LV
                            RIGA PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated January 26, 1996, between INTERNATIONAL
BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and THE CITY
OF RIGA (Riga Municipality).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Republic of Latvia (the Borrower) and the Bank, the
Bank has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to twenty-seven million three
hundred thousand dollars ($27,300,000), on the terms and
conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on
condition that the City of Riga agrees to undertake such
obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B) by a subsidiary loan agreement entered into between
the Borrower and the City of Riga, a portion of the proceeds of
the loan provided for under the Loan Agreement will be relent
to the City of Riga on the terms and conditions set forth in
said Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the City of Riga, in consideration of the Bank's
entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                               ARTICLE I
                              Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein
set forth and the following additional terms have the following
meanings:
      (a)   "BMST" means Board for Municipal Services and
Transportation of the Property Department of the City of Riga,
established  on March 21, 1995 and responsible for  the
management, operation and maintenance of the public transport,
roads and bridges;
      (b)   "Public Transport Policy Statement" means the
statement adopted by the City of Riga through Decision No. 2063
dated July 11, 1995, which sets out the key policies and
implementation actions to be taken by the City of Riga in
connection with regulation and operation of its public
transport system; and
      (c)   "PTU" means the Public Transport Unit of the City of
Riga, established under BMST on September 28, 1995 and
referred to in Section 2.02 of this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                Execution of  Part A of the Project
      Section 2.01 (a) The City of Riga declares its commitment
to the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to
the Loan Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out Part A of
the Project with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity
with appropriate administrative, financial, engineering and
urban transport management practices, and shall provide, or
cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for Part A of
the Project.
      (b)   The City of Riga shall enter into contracts
satisfactory to the Bank with the Public Transport Companies
regarding the terms and conditions under which services will be
provided by the companies to the City of Riga.
      (c)   The City of Riga shall exercise its rights under of
the contracts specified in paragraph (b) of this Article in
such manner as to protect the interests of the Borrower, the
City of Riga and the Bank and to accomplish the purposes of the
Loan, and, except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, the City
of Riga shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive any of the
contracts or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.02. The City of Riga shall maintain the PTU with
(i) functions and responsibilities acceptable to the Bank,
including coordination with PCU in preparation of the report
referred to in Section 3.05 (b) of the Loan Agreement, and
(iii) staff,  in adequate numbers, with qualifications,
experience and terms of reference satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 2.03. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services
required for Part A of the Project and to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the provisions of
Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.04 (a) The City of Riga shall carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08
and 9.09 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and
reports, maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in
Page  3
respect of the Project Agreement and Part A of the Project.
      (b)   For purposes of Section 9.08 of the General
Conditions, and without limitation thereto, the City of Riga
shall:
            (i)   prepare, on the basis of guidelines acceptable
                  to the Bank, and furnish to the Bank not later
                  than six (6) months after the Closing Date or
                  such later date as may be agreed for this
                  purpose between the Borrower and the Bank, a
                  plan for the future operation of Part A of the
                  Project; and
            (ii)  afford the Bank a reasonable opportunity to
                  exchange views with the Borrower and the City
                  of Riga on said plan.
      Section 2.05. The City of Riga shall duly perform all its
obligations under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the
Bank shall otherwise agree, the City of Riga shall not take or
concur in any action which would have the effect of amending,
abrogating, assigning or waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreement
or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.06 (a) The City of Riga shall, at the request of
the Bank, exchange views with the Bank with regard to the
progress of Part A of the Project, the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement, and other matters relating to the purposes of the
Loan.
      (b)   The City of Riga shall promptly inform the Bank of
any condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with
the progress of Part A of the Project, the accomplishment of
the purposes of the Loan, or the performance by the City of
Riga of its obligations under this Agreement and under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.07. The City of Riga shall cause  BMST to:
      (a)   take all measures necessary to ensure that the Public
Transport Companies comply with all relevant environmental
requirements of the Borrower and monitor public transport
emissions in accordance with a monitoring plan for emissions
agreed with the Bank; and
      (b)   duly implement all measures outlined in the Public
Transport Policy Statement, including payment of compensation
due to the Public Transport Companies in connection with
concessionary fares that may be required from time to time by
the City of Riga.
                              ARTICLE III
                  Management and Operations of the Transport
                         Companies of the City of Riga
      Section 3.01. The City of Riga shall cause its Public
Transport companies to carry on their respective operations and
conduct their affairs in accordance with sound administrative,
financial and urban transport management practices under the
supervision of qualified and experienced management assisted by
competent staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. The City of Riga shall cause its Public
Transport Companies at all times to operate and maintain their
plants, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time
to time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and
renewals thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering,
financial and urban transport management practices.
Page  4
      Section 3.03. The City of Riga shall cause its Public
Transport Companies to take out and maintain with responsible
insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the Bank for,
insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be
consistent with appropriate practice.
                              ARTICLE IV
                      Financial and Other Covenants
      Section 4.01 (a) The City of Riga shall maintain records
and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices the operations, resources and expenditures
in respect of the Project of the departments or agencies of the
City of Riga responsible for carrying out the Project or any
part thereof.
      (b)   The City of Riga shall cause the Public Transport
Companies to maintain records and accounts adequate to reflect
in accordance with sound accounting practices  their operations
and financial conditions.
      (c)   The City of Riga shall :
            (i)   have the accounts referred to in Section 4.01
                  (a) of this Agreement and shall cause the
                  Public Transport Companies to have their
                  records, accounts and financial statements
                  (balance sheets, statements of income and
                  expenses and related statements) for each
                  fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Bank;
            (ii)  furnish to the Bank, as soon as available, but
                  in any case not later than six (6) months after
                  the end of  each such year  (A) a certified
                  copy of the report of  the audit of the
                  accounts referred to in Section 4.01 (a) of
                  this Agreement; (B) certified copies of the
                  financial statements of the Public Transport
                  Companies for such year as so audited; and (C)
                  the report of such audit or audits by said
                  auditors of such scope and in such detail as
                  the Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
           (iii)  furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Bank shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
      Section 4.02. The City of Riga shall adopt, by June 1,
1996, a revenue, costing and inventory control system,
acceptable to the Bank,  for the operations of the Public
Transport Companies.
      Section 4.03. The City of Riga shall enable the Public
Transport Companies to comply with financial performance
targets set forth in the Schedule to this Agreement through (i)
maintaining user charges at the requisite levels through
periodic adjustments made on the basis of a formula for
calculation of tariff increases in real terms agreed with the
Bank, (ii) maintaining the 1995 levels of subsidies to the
Public Transportation Companies and (iii) compensating the
Public Transport Companies for losses attributed to
concessionary fares.
                              ARTICLE V
                      Effective Date; Termination;
Page  5
                      Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the
Bank and of the City of Riga thereunder shall terminate on the
date on which the Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance
with its terms, and the Bank shall promptly notify the City of
Riga thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any
cancellation or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                      Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted
to be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement
between the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in
writing. Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been
duly given or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by
mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which
it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD               248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.         82987 (FTCC)
                                           64145 (WUI) or
                                          197688 (TRT)
      For   the City of Riga:
            K. Valdemara St. 3
            Riga, LV-1539
            Republic of Latvia
                                          Telex:
                                          161 122 RIKAS LV
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be executed,
under this Agreement on behalf of the City of Riga may be taken
or executed by  the Chairman of the Council of the City of Riga
or such other person or persons as the Chairman of the Council
of the City of Riga shall designate in writing, and the City of
Riga shall furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of the
authority and the authenticated specimen signature of each such
person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
Page  6
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                              INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                                 RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                              By /s/ Basil G. Kavalsky
                                           Acting Regional Vice President
                                                  Europe and Central Asia
                              THE CITY OF RIGA
                              By /s/ Ojars Kalnins
                                                Authorized Representative
                                 SCHEDULE
                 Financial Performance Targets Referred to in
                        Section 4.03 of this Agreement
      For the purposes of Section 4.03 of this Agreement, except
as the Bank shall otherwise agree, for each of the fiscal years
after fiscal year ending on December 31, 1996, the City of Riga
shall undertake all necessary measures to cause the Public
Transport Companies to:
1.    (a)   Generate funds from internal sources equivalent to at
least 1.3 times their respective debt service requirements in
each fiscal year;
      (b)   For the purposes of this paragraph 1(a)
            (i)   The term "funds from internal sources" means
                  the difference between:
                  (A)   the sum of (m) revenues from all sources
                        related to operations, (n) net non-
                        operating income and (o) any reduction in
                        working capital other than cash; and
                  (B)   the sum of all expenses related to
                        operations, including (x) administration,
                        maintenance, taxes and payments in lieu of
                        taxes (excluding provision for
                        depreciation and other non-cash operating
                        charges), and (y) any cash dividends and
                        other cash distributions of surplus,
                        increase in working capital other than
                        cash and other cash outflows other than
                        capital expenditures.
            (ii)  The term "net non-operating income" means the
                  difference between:
                  (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                        related to operations; and
                  (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                        lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
Page  7
                        of such revenues.
           (iii)  The term "working capital other than cash"
                  means the difference between (a) current assets
                  excluding cash; and (b) current liabilities at
                  the end of each fiscal year.
            (iv)  The term "current assets excluding cash" means
                  all assets other than cash which could in the
                  ordinary course of business be converted into
                  cash within 12 months, including accounts
                  receivable, marketable securities, inventories
                  and prepaid expenses properly chargeable to the
                  operating expenses within the next fiscal year.
            (v)   The term "current liabilities" means all
                  liabilities which will become due and payable
                  or could under circumstances then existing be
                  called for payment within 12 months, including
                  accounts payable, customer advances, debt
                  service requirements, taxes and payments in
                  lieu of taxes, and dividends.
            (vi)  The term "debt service requirements" means the
                  aggregate amount of repayments (including
                  sinking fund payments, if any) of, and interest
                  and other charges, on debt.
           (vii)  The term "capital expenditures" means all
                  expenditures incurred on account of fixed
                  assets.
2.    (a)   Have a net income greater than zero.
      (b)   For the purposes of paragraph 2(a):
            (i)   The term "net income" means "net operating
                  income".
            (ii)  The term "net operating income" means total
                  operating revenues less total operating
                  expenses.
           (iii)  The term "total operating revenues" means
                  revenues from all sources related to
                  operations.
            (iv)  The term "total operating expenses" means all
                  expenses related to operations, including
                  administration, adequate maintenance, taxes and
                  payments in lieu of taxes, and provision for
                  depreciation on a straight-line basis at a rate
                  of not less than 10% per annum of the average
                  current gross value of each Public Transport
                  Company's fixed assets in operation, or other
                  basis acceptable to the Bank, but excluding
                  interest and other charges on debt.
            (v)   The average current gross value of each Public
                  Transport Company's fixed assets in operation
                  shall be calculated as one half (1/2) of the
                  sum of the gross value of each Public Transport
                  Company's fixed assets in operation at the
                  beginning and at the end of the fiscal year, as
                  valued from time to time in accordance with
                  sound and consistently maintained methods of
                  valuation satisfactory to the Bank.
            (vi)  The term "current net value of each Public
                  Transport Company's fixed assets in operation"
                  means the gross value of each Public Transport
                  Company's fixed assets in operation less the
Page  8
                  amount of accumulated depreciation, as valued
                  from time to time in accordance with sound and
                  consistently maintained methods of valuation
                  satisfactory to the Bank.
3.    (a)   Earn an annual return of not less than 10% of the
            average current net value of the respective Public
            Transport Company's fixed assets in operation.
      (b)   For the purposes of paragraph 3(a):
            (i)   The annual return shall be calculated by
                  dividing each Public Transport Company's net
                  operating income for the fiscal year in
                  question by one half (1/2) of the sum of the
                  current net value of each Public Transport
                  Company's fixed assets in operation at the
                  beginning and at the end of that fiscal year.
            (ii)  The term "net operating income" means total
                  operating revenues less total operating
                  expenses.
           (iii)  The term "total operating revenues" means
                  revenues from all sources related to
                  operations.
            (iv)  The term "total operating expenses" means all
                  expenses related to operations, including
                  administration, adequate maintenance, taxes and
                  payments in lieu of taxes, and provision for
                  depreciation on a straight-line basis at a rate
                  of not less than 10% per annum of the average
                  current gross value of each Public Transport
                  Company's fixed assets in operation, or  other
                  basis acceptable to the Bank, but excluding
                  interest and other charges on debt.
            (v)   The average current gross value of each Public
                  Transport Company's fixed assets in operation
                  shall be calculated as one half (1/2) of the
                  sum of the gross value of each Public Transport
                  Company's fixed assets in operation at the
                  beginning and at the end of the fiscal year, as
                  valued from time to time in accordance with
                  sound and consistently  maintained methods of
                  valuation satisfactory to the Bank.
            (vi)  The term "current net value of each Public
                  Transport Company's fixed assets in operation"
                  means the gross value of each Public Transport
                  Company's fixed assets in operation less the
                  amount of accumulated depreciation, as valued
                  from time to time in accordance with sound and
                  consistently maintained methods of valuation
                  satisfactory to the Bank.
