Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2821 LA
                       Development Credit Agreement
                   (Third Structural Adjustment Credit)
                                  between
                     LAO PEOPLE'S DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC
                                    and
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                           Dated April 15, 1996
                                                 CREDIT NUMBER 2821 LA
                       DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 15,1996, between LAO PEOPLE'S
DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC (the "Borrower") and INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the "Association").
      WHEREAS: (A) The Association has received a letter dated
January 18, 1996, from the Borrower describing a program of
actions, objectives and policies designed to achieve structural
adjustment of the Borrower's economy (hereinafter called the
"Program"), declaring the Borrower's commitment to the
execution of the Program, and requesting assistance from the
Association in support of the Program during the execution
thereof; and
      WHEREAS: (B) On the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing,
the Association has  decided in support of the Program to
provide such assistance to the Borrower by making the Credit in
two (2) tranches as hereinafter provided.
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                      General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the modifications thereof set forth below
Page  2
("the General Conditions") constitute an integral part of this
Agreement:
      (a)  Section 2.01, paragraph 9, shall be modified to read:
            "Project" means the program, referred to in the
      Preamble to the Development Credit Agreement in support of
      which the Credit is made";
      (b)   The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted;
      (c)   Section 4.01 is modified to read:
                  "Except as the Association and the Borrower
            shall otherwise agree, withdrawals from the Credit
            Account shall be made in the currency of the Deposit
            Account specified in Section 2.02 of the Development
            Credit Agreement."
      (d)   Section 5.01 is modified to read:
            "The Borrower shall be entitled to withdraw from the
            Credit Account the proceeds of the Credit in
            accordance with the provisions of the Development
            Credit Agreement and of these General Conditions.
            Except as the Association and the Borrower shall
            otherwise agree, no withdrawals shall be made: (a)
            on account of expenditures in the territories of any
            country which is not a member of the Bank or for
            goods produced in, or services supplied from, such
            territories; or (b) for the purpose of any payment
            to persons or entities, or for any import of goods,
            if such payment or import, to the knowledge of the
            Association, is prohibited by a decision of the
            United Nations Security Council taken under Chapter
            VII of the Charter of the United Nations."
      (e)   The last sentence of Section 5.03 is deleted;
      (f)   Section 9.06 (c) shall be modified to read:
            "(c)  Not later than six (6) months after the Closing
      Date or such later date as may be agreed for this purpose
      between the Borrower and the Association, the Borrower
      shall prepare and furnish to the Association a report, of
      such scope and in such detail as the Association shall
      reasonably request, on the execution of the Program
      referred to in the Preamble to the Development Credit
      Agreement, the performance by the Borrower and the
      Association of their respective obligations under the
      Development Credit Agreement and the accomplishment of the
      purposes of the Credit."; and
      (g)   Section 9.04 is deleted and Sections 9.05, 9.06 (as
modified above), 9.07 and 9.08 are renumbered, respectively,
Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06 and 9.07.
Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the
Preamble to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein
set forth and the following additional terms have the following
meanings:
      (a)   "Accounting Law" means the Borrower's Accounting Law
No. 12/SPA, dated December 18, 1990;
      (b)   "Arbitration Decree" means the Borrower's Prime
Ministerial Decree No. 106/PM, dated July 15, 1994, on the
Settlement of Economic Disputes;
      (c)   "Budget Law" means the Borrower's State Budget Law
No. 005/NA, dated July 18, 1994;
Page  3
      (d)   "Business Law" means the Borrower's Business Law No.
03/94/NA, dated July 18, 1994;
      (e)   "Central Bank" means the Bank of Lao-PDR, the
Borrower's central bank, organized and operating pursuant to
the Borrower's Law No. 05/95/NA, dated October 14, 1995;
      (f)   "Divestiture Plan" means the Borrower's action plan
for the privatization, liquidation and other market-based
disposition of the SOEs, as approved by the President of the
Borrower's Committee for Planning and Cooperation pursuant to
Decision No. 21/CPC, dated January 10, 1996;
      (g)   "Fiscal Year" means the twelve (12)-month period
corresponding to any of the Borrower's fiscal years, which
period commences on October 01 and ends on September 30 in each
calendar year;
      (h)   "Investment Law" means the Borrower's Law on the
Promotion, Protection and Management of Foreign Investments in
Lao-PDR No. 01/NA, dated March 14, 1994;
      (i)   "PIP" means the Borrower's public investment program
for the period Fiscal Years 1996-1997, as such program shall be
approved by the President of the Borrower's Committee for
Planning;
      (j)   "SITC" means the Standard International Trade
Classification, Revision 3 (SITC, Rev.3), published by the
United Nations in Statistical Papers, Series M, No. 34/Rev.3
(1986);
      (k)   "SOE" means any one of the Borrower's state-owned
enterprises, and the term "SOEs" means, collectively, each of
said SOE; and
      (l)   "Deposit Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement.
                                ARTICLE II
                                The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
in the Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent to twenty-six million nine hundred
thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 26,900,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) Subject to the provisions of paragraphs
(b), (c) and (d) of this Section, the Borrower shall be
entitled to withdraw the proceeds of the Credit from the Credit
Account in support of the Program.
      (b)   The Borrower shall open, prior to furnishing to the
Association the first request for withdrawal from the Credit
Account, and thereafter maintain in the Central Bank, a Deposit
Account in the currency of the United States of America on
terms and conditions satisfactory to the Association. All
withdrawals from the Credit Account shall be deposited by the
Association into such Deposit Account.
      (c)   The Borrower undertakes that the proceeds of the
Credit shall not be used to finance expenditures excluded
pursuant to the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement. If
the Association shall have determined at any time that any
proceeds of the Credit shall have been used to make a payment
for an expenditure excluded pursuant to the provisions of said
Schedule 1, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the
Association, (i) deposit into the Deposit Account referred to
in paragraph (b) of this Section an amount equal to the amount
Page  4
of said payment, or (ii) if the Association shall so request,
refund such amount to the Association.  Amounts refunded to the
Association upon such request shall be credited to the Credit
Account for cancellation.
      (d)   No withdrawal shall be made from the Credit Account
after the aggregate of the proceeds of the Credit withdrawn
from the Credit Account shall have reached the equivalent of
thirteen million four hundred fifty thousand Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 13,450,000), unless the Association shall be
satisfied, after an exchange of views as described in Section
3.01 of this Agreement based on evidence satisfactory to the
Association: (i) with the progress achieved by the Borrower in
the carrying out of the Program; and (ii) that the actions
described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement have been taken. If,
after said exchange of views, the Association shall have given
notice to the Borrower that the progress achieved and actions
taken are not satisfactory and, within ninety (90) days after
such notice, the Borrower shall not have achieved progress and
taken actions satisfactory to the Association, then the
Association may, by notice to the Borrower, cancel the unwith-
drawn amount of the Credit or any part thereof.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be July 31, 1997, or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The
Association shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later
date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a commitment charge on the principal amount of the
Credit not withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by
the Association as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed
the rate of one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty (60) days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual
date) to the respective dates on which amounts shall be
withdrawn by the Borrower from the Credit Account or canceled;
and (ii) at the rate set as of the June 30 immediately
preceding the accrual date and at such other rates as may be
set from time to time thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a)
above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year shall be applied
from the next  payment date in that year specified in Section
2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such
places as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii)
without restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the
territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified
in this Agreement for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the
General Conditions or in such other eligible currency or
currencies as may from time to time be designated or selected
pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4
of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit
withdrawn and outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on May 15 and November 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below,
the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in
semi-annual installments payable on each May 15 and November
15, commencing May 15, 2006, and ending November 15, 2035. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on
November 15, 2015, shall be one percent (1%) of such principal
amount, and each installment thereafter shall be two percent
(2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product
Page  5
per capita, as determined by the Association, shall have
exceeded seven hundred ninety dollars ($790) in constant 1985
dollars for five (5) consecutive years and (ii) the Bank shall
consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof
by the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's
economy, modify the terms of repayment of installments under
paragraph (a) above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice
the amount of each such installment not yet due until the
principal amount of the Credit shall have been repaid. If so
requested by the Borrower, the Association may revise such
modification to include, in lieu of some or all of the increase
in the amounts of such installments, the payment of interest at
an annual rate agreed with the Association on the principal
amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time to
time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association, such
revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms
pursuant to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines
that the Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated
significantly, the Association may, if so requested by the
Borrower, further modify the terms of repayment to conform to
the schedule of installments as provided in paragraph (a)
above.
                                ARTICLE III
                           Particular Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower and the Association shall
from time to time, at the request of either party, exchange
views on the progress achieved in carrying out the Program and
the actions specified in Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      (b)   Prior to each such exchange of views, the Borrower
shall furnish to the Association for its review and comment a
report on the progress achieved in carrying out the Program, in
such detail as the Association shall reasonably request.
      (c)   Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section, the Borrower shall exchange
views with the Association on any proposed action to be taken
after the disbursement of the Credit which would have the
effect of materially reversing the objectives of the Program,
or any action taken under the Program, including any action
specified in Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.02.  Upon the Association's request, the
Borrower shall:
      (a) Have the Deposit Account referred to in Section
2.02(b) of this Agreement audited, in accordance with
appropriate auditing principles consistently applied, by
independent auditors acceptable to the Association;
      (b) Furnish to the Association as soon as available, but
in any case not later than six (6) months after the date of the
Association's request for such audit, a certified copy of the
report of such audit by said auditors, of such scope and in
such detail as the Association shall have reasonably requested;
and
      (c) Furnish to the Association such other information
concerning said Deposit Account and the audit thereof as the
Association shall have reasonably requested.
                                ARTICLE IV
                      Additional Event of Suspension
Page  6
      Section 4.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified,
namely, that a situation has arisen which shall make it
improbable that the Program, or a significant part thereof,
will be carried out.
                                 ARTICLE V
                                Termination
      Section 5.01. The date ninety (90) days after the date of
this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section
12.04 of the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE VI
                 Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 6.01. The  Minister of  Finance of the Borrower is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes
of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified for
the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Minister of Finance
            Ministry of Finance
            Post Office Box No. 46
            Lao People's Democratic Republic
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  MINFINANCE              4369
                  Vientiane               MOF LS
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                 248423 (MCI),
                  Washington, D.C.         64145 (MCI)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                  LAO PEOPLE'S DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC
                  By /s/ Hiem Phommachanh
                                                Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
Page  7
                  By /s/ Russell J. Cheetham
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                                    East Asia and Pacific
                                SCHEDULE 1
                           Excluded Expenditures
      For purposes of Section 2.02(c) of this Agreement, the
proceeds of the Credit shall not be used to finance the
following expenditures:
1.    Expenditures in the currency of the Borrower, or for goods
or services supplied from the territory of the Borrower;
2.    Expenditures for goods or services supplied under a
contract which any national or international financing
institution or agency other than the Association shall have
financed or agreed to finance, or which the Association shall
have financed or agreed to finance under another Credit;
3.    Expenditures for goods included in the following groups or
sub-groups of the Standard International Trade Classification,
Revision 3 (SITC, Rev. 3), published by the United Nations in
Statistical Papers, Series M, No. 34/Rev.3 (1986) (the SITC),
or any successor groups or sub-groups under future revisions to
the SITC, as designated by the Association by notice to the
Borrower:
    Group           Sub-group       Description of Items
      112               -           Alcoholic beverages
      121               -           Tobacco, unmanufactured, tobacco
                                    refuse
      122               -           Tobacco, manufactured (whether
                                    or not containing tobacco sub-
                                    stitutes)
      525               -           Radioactive and associated
                                    materials
      667               -           Pearls, precious and semi-
                                    precious stones, unworked or
                                    worked
      718         718.7             Nuclear reactors, and parts
                                    thereof; fuel elements
                                    (cartridges), non-irradiated,
                                    for nuclear reactors
      728.43            -           Tobacco processing
                                    machinery
      897         897.3             Jewelry of gold, silver or
                                    platinum group metals (except
                                    watches and watch cases) and
                                    goldsmiths' or silversmiths'
                                    wares (including set gems)
      971         -                 Gold, non-monetary (excluding
                                    gold ores and concentrates);
4.    Expenditures for goods intended for a military or para-
military purpose or for luxury consumption;
5.    Expenditures for environmentally hazardous goods (for
purposes of this paragraph the term "environmentally hazardous
goods" means goods, the manufacture, use or import of which is
prohibited under the laws of the Borrower or international
Page  8
agreements to which the Borrower is a party, and any other
goods designated as environmentally hazardous by agreement
between the Borrower and the Association); and
6.    In furtherance of the purposes of Section 5.01 of the
General Conditions, expenditures (a) in the territories of any
country which is not a member of the bank or for goods procured
in, or services supplied from, such territories, or (b) on
account of any payment to persons or entities, or any import of
goods, if such payment or import is prohibited by a decision of
the United Nations Security Council taken under Chapter VII of
the Charter of the United Nations.
                               SCHEDULE  2
                  Actions Referred to in Section 2.02(d)
                             of this Agreement
1.    Continued maintenance by the Borrower of a sound macro-
economic framework consistent with the objectives of the
Program, as determined on the basis of indicators acceptable to
the Association.
2.    In respect of at least five (5) SOEs, comprising at least
three (3) utilities, the Borrower has: (i) converted and duly
registered each of said SOE into either a public joint stock or
a limited liability company, all in accordance with the
provisions of the Business Law; (ii) caused each of said SOE to
have its respective board of directors appointed; (iii)
established satisfactory performance plans setting out the
technical, commercial and financial objectives and related
performance targets to be achieved by each of said SOE; and
(iv) established the necessary system to monitor the progress
achieved in implementing said performance plans.
3.    The Borrower has privatized, liquidated or otherwise
publicly offered for disposition on the market all of the SOEs
listed in the Divestiture Plan.
4.    The Borrower has adopted a medium-term national legal
framework development plan satisfactory to the Association.
5.    The Borrower has: (A) issued, pursuant to corresponding
prime-ministerial decrees, implementing regulations,
satisfactory to the Association, for each of (i) the Accounting
Law, (ii) the Budget Law, (iii) the Business Law and (iv) the
Investment Law; and (B) issued, pursuant to corresponding
ministerial regulations, implementing regulations, satisfactory
to the Association, for the Arbitration Decree.
6.    The Central Bank has taken all action necessary to cause
all commercial banks operating within the Borrower's territory
to adopt adequate pre-tax loan loss provisions, all in
accordance with banking principles, norms and practices
satisfactory to the Association.
7.    The Central Bank has taken all action necessary to ensure
that the Fiscal Year 1995 financial statements of commercial
banks operating within the Borrower's territory have been
audited in accordance with a methodology and procedures
satisfactory to the Association.
8.    The Borrower has established a system for reporting, on a
quarterly basis, all domestic and foreign funds disbursed in
connection with public investment projects contained in the
PIP.
9.    The Borrower has presented for adoption by its National
Assembly a Fiscal Year 1996-1997 national budget prepared in
accordance with objectives satisfactory to the Association,
which objectives shall provide for inter alia: (i) adequate
funding for recurrent and capital expenditures in priority s
Page  9
ectors; and (ii) financing of investment projects which are
economically and socially justified.
10.   The Borrower has published and has made available for
public dissemination its Fiscal Year 1996-1997 national budget,
which budget shall have been prepared and adopted based on a
revised nomenclature satisfactory to the Association.
