Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3342 POL
             (Privatization and Restructuring Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                      POLISH DEVELOPMENT BANK
                        Dated July 10, 1991
                                             LOAN NUMBER 3342 POL
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 10, 1991, between INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and POLISH DEVELOPMENT
BANK (PDB).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Republic of Poland (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank has
agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to two hundred eighty million dollars
($280,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that PDB agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and PDB, part of the proceeds of the loan
provided for under the Loan Agreement will be relent to PDB on the
terms and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
and
      WHEREAS PDB, in consideration of the Bank's entering into the
Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth and the following additional terms have the following
meanings:
      (a)   "Sub-loan" means a loan made or proposed to be made, out
of the equivalent of the proceeds of the Loan made available to PDB
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, by PDB or by a Participating
Bank to a Beneficiary for a Sub-project;
      (b)   "Participating Bank" means any banking institution with
which PDB has entered into a Subsidiary Financing Agreement;
      (c)   "Subsidiary Financing Agreement" means any agreement to
be entered into between PDB and a Participating Bank pursuant to
paragraph 3 (a) of the Schedule to this Agreement, and "Subsidiary
Finance" means any loan provided under a Subsidiary Financing
Agreement;
      (d)   "Beneficiary" means any enterprise to which PDB or a
Participating Bank proposes to make or has made a Sub-loan; and
      (e)   "Sub-project" means a specific project to be carried out
by a Beneficiary utilizing the proceeds of a Sub-loan.
                            ARTICLE II
                Execution of Part D of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) PDB declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out Part D of the Project
and conduct its operations and affairs in accordance with sound
financial standards and practices, with qualified management and
personnel, and in accordance with the Charter and the Statement of
Policy, and shall provide, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services, staff and other resources required for the
purpose.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Bank and PDB shall otherwise
agree, PDB shall carry out Part D of the Project in accordance with
the Implementation Program set forth in the Schedule to this
Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) PDB shall maintain procedures and records
adequate to monitor and record the progress of Part D of the Project
and of each Sub-project (including its cost and the benefits to be
derived from it) and to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices the operations and financial condition of PDB.
      (b)   PDB shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                  and expenses and related statements) and the
                  records and accounts for the separate accounts
                  referred to in Section 3.02 of this Agreement for
                  each fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
Page  3
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Bank;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end
                  of each such year, (A) certified copies of its
                  financial statements for such year as so audited
                  and (B) the report of such audit by said auditors
                  of such scope and in such detail as the Bank
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, PDB
shall, in respect of repayments in dollars and, separately, in
respect of repayments in Deutsche Mark, to PDB under the Subsidiary
Financing Agreements and under the Sub-loans made directly by PDB:
      (a)   open, by the date on which it shall receive the first
repayment of principal under any such Subsidiary Financing Agreement
or in respect of any such Sub-loan, and, thereafter, maintain a
separate account on its books in accordance with the provisions of
Section 3.01 (a) of this Agreement; and
      (b)   upon receipt of each such repayment, credit the same to
the said separate account. All amounts to be so credited shall be
utilized by PDB, to the extent they are not yet required to meet
PDB's repayment obligations to the Borrower under the Subsidiary
Loan Agreement, exclusively to finance, directly or through the
Participating Banks, specific projects similar to the  Sub-projects
on terms and conditions similar to those applicable to the Sub-
loans.
      Section 3.03. PDB shall take such steps satisfactory to the
Bank as shall be necessary to protect itself against risk of loss
resulting from changes in the rates of exchange between the various
currencies used in its operations.
                            ARTICLE IV
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 4.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of PDB thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the Loan
Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the Bank
shall promptly notify PDB thereof.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                             ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, telefax,
cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or
permitted to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter
specified or at such other address as such party shall have
designated by notice to the party giving such notice or making such
request. The addresses so specified are:
Page  4
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
               INTBAFRAD                    248423 (RCA),
               Washington, D.C.              82987 (FTCC),
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      For PDB:
            Polish Development Bank
            00-680 Warsaw
            Zurawia Str. 47/9
            Poland
                                          Telex:
                                            812698
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of PDB may be taken or executed by the President
of PDB or such other person or persons as the President of PDB shall
designate in writing, and PDB shall furnish to the Bank sufficient
evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen signature
of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ Kemal Dervis
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                              Europe, Middle East and North Africa
                  POLISH DEVELOPMENT BANK
                  By /s/ Jacek Tomorowicz
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE
                      Implementation Program
                     for Part C of the Project
      The provisions of this Schedule shall apply for the purposes
of Section 2.01 (b) of this Agreement,
1.    PDB shall: (a) duly perform all its obligations under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and, except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, not take or concur in any action which would have the effect
of assigning, amending, abrogating or waiving the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement or any provision thereof; (b) at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to the progress of Part D
Page  5
of the Project, the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement and other matters
relating to the purposes of Part D of the Project; and (c) promptly
inform the Bank of any condition which interferes or threatens to
interfere with the progress of Part D of the Project, the
accomplishment of the purposes thereof, or the performance by PDB of
its obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement.
2.    PDB shall carry out the obligations set forth in Sections
9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions
(relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and
schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land acquisition,
respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement and Part D of the
Project.
3.    PDB undertakes that, unless the Bank shall otherwise agree,
Sub-loans will be made to Beneficiaries, either:
      (a)   through the Participating Banks under Subsidiary
Financing Agreements to be entered into between PDB and each such
Participating Bank on terms and conditions which shall have been
approved by the Bank and which shall include, without limitation,
those set forth or referred to in Annex A to this Schedule; or
      (b)   directly by PDB on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in Annex B to this Schedule.
4.    PDB shall exercise its rights under the Subsidiary Financing
Agreements and under its agreements providing for Sub-loans in such
manner as to protect its interests and the interests of the Borrower
and the Bank and to achieve the purposes of Part D of the Project,
and, except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, not assign, amend,
abrogate or waive any such agreement.
5.    PDB shall: (a) coordinate and monitor the overall execution of
Part D of the Project, appraise Sub-projects financed through Sub-
loans made by it and supervise the carrying out thereof and the
carrying out by the Participating Banks of their obligations
pursuant to their respective Subsidiary Financing Agreements in
accordance with policies and procedures satisfactory to the Bank;
and (b) take all measures to ensure that, except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree (i) the aggregate amount of all Sub-loans, or any
one Sub-loan, to any one Beneficiary shall not exceed the equivalent
of $10,000,000, and (ii) the aggregate amount of all Sub-loans made
directly by it shall not exceed the equivalent of 15% of the amount
of the Subsidiary Loan.
                       ANNEX A TO SCHEDULE
                      Terms and Conditions of
                  Subsidiary Financing Agreements
      Further to the provisions of paragraph 5 (b) (i) of the
Schedule to this Agreement and except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, the principal terms and conditions set forth or referred to
in this Annex shall apply for the purposes of paragraph 3 (a) of
said Schedule.
A.    Terms:
1.    The principal amount of a Subsidiary Finance to be made
available by PDB to a Participating Bank under its respective
Subsidiary Financing Agreement shall be:
      (a)   the equivalent of the aggregate amount of (i) principal
of all Sub-loans made out of the proceeds thereof, and (ii) interest
payments on such Sub-loans capitalized as provided in paragraph 3 of
this Part; and
      (b)   denominated in dollars and Deutsche Mark, with the
portion thereof denominated in dollars being the sum total of the
Sub-loans made out of its proceeds and denominated in dollars, and
Page  6
with the portion thereof denominated in Deutsche Mark being made out
of its proceeds and denominated in Deutsche Mark.
2.    The portion of the Subsidiary Finance denominated in: (a)
dollars shall be charged, on the principal amount thereof withdrawn
and outstanding from time to time, interest, during each six-month
period commencing on January 1 and July 1 of each calendar year, at
a rate equal to LIBOR plus a margin, as shall be calculated by PDB
on the basis of guidelines acceptable to the Bank; and (b) Deutsche
Mark shall be charged, on the principal amount thereof withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time, interest, during each six-month
period commencing on January 1 and July 1 of each calendar year, at
a rate equal to FIBOR, plus a margin, as shall be calculated by PDB
on the basis of guidelines acceptable to the Bank.
3.    Interest payments on the Subsidiary Finance shall be
capitalized to the extent that interest payments on Sub-loans made
out of the proceeds thereof are capitalized as provided in paragraph
3 of Part A of Annex B to the Schedule to this Agreement.
4.    The Subsidiary Finance shall be repaid in accordance with an
amortization schedule pursuant to which each portion thereof
utilized in the making of a Sub-loan shall have a maturity
calculated to conform to the amortization schedule applicable to
such Sub-loan.
5.    The right of each Participating Bank to the use of its
respective Subsidiary Finance shall be: (a) suspended upon failure
by such Participating Bank to perform any of its obligations under
its respective Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and (b) terminated if such
right shall have been suspended pursuant to subparagraph (a) hereof
for a continuous period of sixty days.
B.    Conditions
1.    A Subsidiary Loan Agreement may be entered into with a bank
duly established and operating under the laws of the Borrower, which
PDB shall have determined, and the Bank shall have agreed, that such
bank:
      (a) is in compliance with all legal and regulatory
requirements applicable to its operations;
      (b)   is operating pursuant to lending policies and procedures
which the Bank and PDB shall have judged acceptable, and has
undertaken to maintain said policies and procedures;
      (c)   has a sound financial structure and satisfactory
financial policies and performance, and the organization,
management, staff and other resources required for the efficient
carrying out of its operations, including the activities proposed to
be undertaken under Part D of the Project; and
      (d)   has established a credit committee and a technical unit
in accordance with and for the purposes set forth in paragraph 2 (c)
of this Part.
2.    Each respective Subsidiary Financing Agreement shall contain
provisions pursuant to which each respective Participating Bank
shall undertake to:
      (a)   carry out its activities under Part D of the Project and
conduct its operations and affairs in accordance with appropriate
financial standards and practices, with qualified management and
staff, and in conformity with the lending policies and procedures
referred to in paragraph 1 (b) of this Part, and provide, promptly
as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources
required for the purpose;
      (b)   (i) make Sub-loans to Beneficiaries on the terms and
conditions set forth or referred to in Annex B to the Schedule to
this Agreement; (ii) exercise its rights in relation each such Sub-
Page  7
loan in such manner as to protect its interest and the interests of
the Bank and PDB, comply with its obligations under its respective
Subsidiary Financing Agreement and achieve the purposes of Part D of
the Project; (iii) not assign, amend, abrogate or waive any of its
agreements providing for Sub-loans, or any provision thereof,
without prior approval of PDB; and (iv) appraise Sub-projects and
supervise, monitor and report on the carrying out by Beneficiaries
of Sub-projects, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to the
Bank and PDB;
      (c)   maintain, with staff and other resources and terms of
reference, satisfactory to the Bank and PDB: (i) a credit committee
to be responsible for the provision of assistance and advice to its
management on all matters relating to its lending operations,
including the evaluation of Sub-loan applications; and (ii) a
technical unit to be responsible for appraising and supervising the
carrying out of development projects financed by it, including the
Sub-projects;
      (d)   (i) exchange views with, and furnish all such
information to, PDB, as may be reasonably requested by PDB or the
Bank, in coordination with PDB, with regard to the progress of its
activities under Part D of the Project, the performance of its
obligations under its respective Subsidiary Financing Agreement, and
other matters relating to the purposes of Part D of the Project; and
(ii) promptly inform PDB and the Bank, through PDB, of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of its
activities under its respective Subsidiary Financing Agreement; and
      (e)   (i) maintain records and accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices its operations and
financial conditions; (ii) have its financial statements (balance
sheets, statements of income and expenses and related statements)
for each fiscal year audited, in accordance with appropriate
auditing principles consistently applied, by independent auditors
acceptable to the Bank; (iii) furnish to the Bank and PDB, as soon
as available, but in any case not later than six months after the
end of each such year: (A) certified copies of said financial
statements and accounts for such year as so audited; (B) the report
of such audit by said auditors in such scope and detail as the Bank
or PDB shall have reasonably requested; and (iv) furnish to the Bank
or PDB such other information concerning said records, accounts and
financial statements as well as the audit thereof as the Bank or PDB
shall from time to time reasonably request.
                       ANNEX B TO SCHEDULE
               Terms and Conditions of the Sub-loans
      The principal terms and conditions set forth or referred to in
this Annex shall apply for the purposes of paragraph 3 (b) of the
Schedule to this Agreement and paragraph 2 (b) (i) of Part B of
Annex A to said Schedule.
A.    Terms
1.    The principal amount of each Sub-loan shall be: (a)
denominated in dollars or Deutsche Marky at the option of the
Beneficiary; and (b) the sum total of (i) the equivalent in the
currency of denomination (determined as of the date or respective
dates of withdrawal from the Loan Account or payment out of the
Special Account) of the value of the currency or currencies so
withdrawn or paid out on account of the cost of goods and services
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan for the Sub-project; and
(ii) the amount of interest payments on such Sub-loan capitalized as
provided in paragraph (3) of this Part.
2.    Each Sub-loan shall be charged interest, on the principal
amount thereof withdrawn and outstanding from time to time,  at the
rate of interest applicable to loans made, respectively, by the PDB
pursuant to the Statement of Policy, and the Participating Bank
making the Sub-loan pursuant to its investment lending policies and
Page  8
procedures referred to in paragraph 1 (b) of Part B of Annex A to
the Schedule to this Agreement.
3.    Interest payments on Sub-loans accrued and payable during the
execution of the Sub-projects financed thereunder may be capitalized
and paid out of the proceeds of such Sub-loans in accordance with
guidelines satisfactory to the Bank.
4.    Sub-loans shall each be made for a period not exceeding 12
years, inclusive of a grace period not exceeding four years.
5.    Sub-loans shall be made on terms whereby PDB or the
Participating Bank making the Sub-loan, as the case may be, shall
obtain, by written contract or other appropriate legal means, rights
adequate to protect its interests and those of the Bank, including
the right to:
      (a)   suspend or terminate the right of the Beneficiary to the
use of the proceeds of a Sub-loan upon failure by such Beneficiary
to perform its obligations under its contract providing for the Sub-
loan;
      (b)   require that each Beneficiary shall undertake to: (i)
implement its restructuring program, referred to in paragraph 1 of
Part B of this Annex, and carry out and operate the Sub-project with
due diligence and efficiency and in accordance with sound technical,
financial and managerial standards and practices and appropriate
health, safety and environmental standards satisfactory to the Bank,
and provide, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities and other
resources required for the purpose, (ii) procure the goods and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement, and use such goods
and services exclusively in the carrying out of Sub-project, (iii)
enable the Bank, PDB and the Participating Bank making the Sub-loan
to inspect such goods and the sites and works included in the Sub-
project, the operation thereof, and any relevant records and
documents, (iv) take out and maintain such insurance, against such
risks and in such amounts as shall be consistent with sound business
practice, including, without limitation, such insurance to cover
hazards incident to the acquisition, transportation and delivery of
goods financed out of the proceeds of the Loan to the place of use
or installation, any indemnity thereunder to be made payable in a
currency freely usable by the Beneficiary to replace or repair such
goods, (v) maintain records and accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with consistently maintained sound accounting practices
its operations and financial conditions, and (vi) prepare and
furnish to PDB and the Participating Bank, for forwarding to the
Bank as may be requested by the Bank, all such information as the
Bank, PDB or the Participating Bank shall reasonably request
relating to the foregoing, to the Beneficiary's administration,
operations and financial condition and to the benefits to be derived
from the Sub-project; and
      (c)   require that each Beneficiary, (i) have its financial
statements (balance sheets, income statements and cash flow
statements) for each fiscal year audited, in accordance with
appropriate auditing principles consistently applied, by independent
auditors acceptable to the Bank, and (ii) furnish to PDB and the
Participating Bank, for forwarding to the Bank as may be requested
by the Bank (A) as soon as available, but in any case not later than
six months after the end of each such year certified copies of its
financial statements for such year as so audited, and the report of
such audit by said auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
Bank shall have reasonably requested, and (B) such other information
concerning the accounts and records, referred to in paragraph (b)
(v) hereof, and said financial statements, as well as the audit
thereof, as the Bank, PDB or the Participating Bank shall from time
to time reasonably request.
B.    Conditions
1.    Sub-loans shall be made to Beneficiaries which: (a) are
Page  9
enterprises duly established and operating under the laws of the
Borrower, excluding enterprises established under the Borrower's Law
on State Enterprises; (b) each shall have, in accordance with
guidelines satisfactory to the Bank, carried out an environment
impact assessment of its operations and prepared and agreed to
implement a restructuring program designed to provide for its long-
term financial and operational success, to ensure its efficient
transformation into a private sector enterprise if it is not already
such an enterprise, and to solve any outstanding environmental
problems associated with its operations as identified by the
environment impact assessment referred to above; and (c) each shall
have established to the satisfaction of PDB or the Participating
Bank making the Sub-loan, on the basis of guidelines satisfactory to
the Bank, that (i) it is creditworthy, and has a sound financial
structure and the organization, management, staff and other
resources required for the efficient carrying out of its operations,
including the Sub-project, and (ii) its projected internal cash
generation or equity increases and the provision of other financing
obtained by it shall be sufficient to enable it to meet the
estimated expenditures required for the carrying out of the Sub-
project.
2.    Sub-loans shall be made for Sub-projects which are each: (a)
determined to be technically feasible and financially viable and
designed with appropriate health, safety and environmental
standards; and (b) calculated to have a financial rate of return and
an economic rate of return  of at least 15% each, all as shall be
determined and calculated by PDB or the Participating Bank making
the Sub-loan on the basis of guidelines satisfactory to the Bank.
3.   Expenditures for goods and services required for a Sub-project
shall be eligible for financing out of the proceeds of the Loan:
      (a)   if such expenditures shall have been made not earlier
than ninety days prior to the date on which the Bank or PDB, as the
case may be, shall have received the information required under
subparagraphs (b) or (c) hereof;
      (b)   if the Sub-loan for such Sub-project shall have been (i)
made for a principal amount equivalent to $2,000,000 or more, or
(ii) one of the first three Sub-loans to be made by each
Participating Bank, and such Sub-loan shall have been approved by
the Bank on the basis of information furnished to the Bank
comprising an application, in form satisfactory to the Bank,
together with a description of the Beneficiary and an appraisal of
the Sub-project, including a description of the expenditures
proposed to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the
proposed terms and conditions of the Sub-loan, including the
schedule of amortization thereof, and such other information as the
bank shall reasonably request; and
      (c)   if the Sub-loan shall have been a Sub-loan other than a
Sub-loan referred to in subparagraph (b) hereof, and such Sub-loan
shall have been approved by PDB on the basis of information
furnished to PDB comprising a summary description of the Beneficiary
and the Sub-project, including a description of the expenditures to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan and terms and conditions
of the Sub-loan, including the schedule of amortization therefor,
provided, however, that such information shall contain, in addition,
for each Sub-loan made for a principal amount equivalent to
$1,000,000 or more, the appraisal report of the Sub-project.
