Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                    LOAN NUMBER 3085 ME
                    Loan Agreement
          (Financial Sector Adjustment Loan)
                        between
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                          and
      BANCO NACIONAL DE COMERCIO EXTERIOR, S.N.C.
                  Dated June 16, 1989
                                   LOAN NUMBER  3085 ME
                    LOAN AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated June 16, 1989 between INTERNATIONAL
BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and
BANCO NACIONAL DE COMERCIO EXTERIOR, S.N.C. (the
Borrower).
     WHEREAS (A) the Bank has received two letters both
dated May 12, 1989 from the UNITED MEXICAN STATES (the
Guarantor), such letters together describing a program of
actions, objectives and policies designed to achieve
structural adjustment of the Guarantor's financial sector
so as to increase the efficiency of resource use and
enhance competitiveness (hereinafter called the
"Program"), declaring the Guarantor's commitment to the
execution of the Program and requesting assistance from
the Bank in financing imports, goods and services
required during such execution;
Page  2
     (B)  it is contemplated that the Guarantor may
require assistance from the Bank in the implementation of
a Debt Reduction Plan (as hereinafter defined);
     (C)  the Guarantor and the Borrower, having been
satisfied as to the feasibility and priority of the
Project described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, have
requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the
Project;
     (D)  by an agreement (the Guarantee Agreement) of
even date herewith between the Guarantor and the Bank,
the Guarantor has agreed to guarantee the obligations of
the Borrower in respect of the Loan and to undertake all
other obligations set forth in the Guarantee Agreement;
and
     (E)  on the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing, the
Bank has decided in support of the Program to provide
such assistance to the Guarantor by making the Loan, in
two tranches, to the Borrower, upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January
1, 1985, (the General Conditions), with the modifications
thereof set forth below constitute an integral part of
this Agreement:
     (a)  Sections 9.07 (c) shall be modified to read:
               "(c) Not later than six months after the
          Closing Date or such later date as may be
          agreed for this purpose between the Guarantor,
          the Borrower and the Bank, the Guarantor and
          the Borrower shall prepare and furnish to the
          Bank a joint report, of such scope and in such
          detail as the Bank shall reasonably request,
          on the execution of the program referred to in
          the Preamble to the Loan Agreement, the
          carrying out of the Project, the performance
          by the Guarantor, the Borrower and the Bank of
          their respective obligations. under the
          Guarantee and Loan Agreements, and the
          accomplishment of the purposes of the Loan.";
          and
     (b)  the last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions and
in the Preamble to this Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional
terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "SITC" means the Standard International Trade
Classification, Revision 3 (SITC, Rev. 3), published by
the United Nations in Statistical Papers, Series M, No.
34/Rev. 3 (1986);
     (b)  "ANAGSA" means Aseguradora Nacional Agricola
Ganadera, S.A., a national insurance company wholly-owned
by the Guarantor, established on August 10, 1963;
Page  3
     (c)  "BANOBRAS" means Banco Nacional de Obras y
Servicios Publicos,S.N.C., a national development bank
wholly-owned by the Guarantor, established by
Presidential Decree of February 20, 1933;
     (d)   "BANRURAL" means    Banco Nacional de Credito
Rural, S.N.C., a national development bank wholly-owned
by the Guarantor, established by Presidential Decree of
July 5, 1975;
     (e)  "NAFIN" means Nacional Financiera, S.N.C., a
national development bank wholly-owned by the Guarantor
established by Presidential Decree of August 30, 1933;
     (f)  "CPP" means the index Costo Porcentual Promedio
de Captacion, as defined in Diario Oficial de la
Federacion, dated October 16, 1981, published monthly by
the Guarantor;
     (g)  "SHCP Document" means the document prepared by
the Guarantor's Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico
entitled "Mexico's Economic Strategy - Past, Present and
Future" and submitted to the Bank on April 28, 1989;
     (h)  "Fiscal Year" means the fiscal year of the
Guarantor, beginning on January 1 of each year;
     (i)  "QRs" means quantitative restrictions placed by
the Guarantor on imported goods;
     (j)  "Non-tariff Barriers" means any form of
restriction, other than the levy of a tariff, on imports,
including QRs;
     (k)  "FICART" means Fideicomiso para Credito en
Areas de Riego y Temporal which was entrusted to BANRURAL
as trustee under the contrato de Fideicomiso dated
February 11, 1970, entered into between the Guarantor and
BANRURAL, as amended on June 4, 1981; and
     (l)  "Debt Reduction Plan" means a plan of the
Guarantor submitted to the Bank for partial funding under
this Agreement to reduce the Guarantor's principal
payments on its external loans from non-official
creditors;
                      ARTICLE II
                       The Loan
     Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to-the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in the Loan Agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent to five hundred million dollars
($500,000,000).
     Section 2.02. The amount of the Loan may be
withdrawn from the Loan Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule I to this Agreement for
expenditures made, or if the Bank shall so agree, to be
made, in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and
services required for the Project described in Schedule
2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan,
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30,
1991 or such later date as the Bank shall establish.  The
Bank shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Guarantor
of such later date.
Page  4
     Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a
commitment charge at the rate of three-fourths of one per
cent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of the
Loan not withdrawn from time to time.
     Section 2.05. (a) The Borrower shall pay interest on
the principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time at a rate per annum for
each Interest Period equal to one half of one percent per
annum above the Cost of Qualified Borrowings for the last
Semester ending prior to the commencement of such
Interest Period.
     (b)  As soon as practicable after the end of each
Semester, the Bank shall notify the Guarantor and the
Borrower of the Cost of Qualified Borrowings for such
Semester.
     (c)  For purposes of this Section:
          (i)   "Interest Period" means the six-month
                period commencing on each date specified
                in Section 2,06 of this Agreement,
                including the Interest Period in which
                this Agreement is signed.
          (ii)  "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the
                cost of the outstanding borrowings of
                the Bank drawn down after June 30, 1982,
                expressed as a percentage per annum, as
                reasonably determined by the Bank.
          (iii) "Semester" means the first six months or
                the second six months of a calendar
                year.
     Section 2.06, Interest and other charges shall be
payable semiannually on February 15 and August 15 ;-n
each yea.-.
     Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal
amount of the Loan in accordance with the amortization
schedule set forth in Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
          Transfer of Funds; Other Covenants
     Section 3.01. The Borrower shall enter into
contractual arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank, with
the Guarantor, providing, inter alia, for relending the
proceeds of the Loan to the Guarantor on the same terms
and conditions as are set forth in Sections 2.04, 2.05,
2.06 and 2.07 of this Agreement.  Except as the Bank may
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not change or fail to
enforce any provision of such contractual arrangements.
     Section 3.02. (a) The Borrower and the Bank, and the
Guarantor pursuant to Section 3.02 (a) of the Guarantee
Agreement, shall, on a quarterly basis and at the request
of any party, exchange views on, inter alia: (i) the
progress achieved in carrying out the Program; (ii) the
progress of carrying out the actions specified in the
Schedule to the Guarantee Agreement; (iii) the
macroeconomic framework of the Guarantor in order to
determine its consistency with the Program; and (iv) on
the progress achieved in the flexibilization of price
adjustments.
Page  5
     (b)  At least ten days prior to each such exchange
of views, the Borrower, and the Guarantor pursuant to
Section 3.02 (b) of the Guarantee Agreement, shall
furnish to the Bank, for its review and comment, a report
in such detail as the Bank shall reasonably request, on
the matters specified in paragraph (a) of this Section.
     Section 3.03. The Bank and the Borrower agree that
the obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions (relating
respectively to insurance, use of goods and services,
plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and
land acquisition) shall be carried out by the Guarantor
in respect of Part B of the Project.
     Section 3.04. Except as the Bank may otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Loan shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to
this Agreement.
     Section 3.05. Subject to agreement by the Borrower,
the Guarantor and the Bank on the terms and conditions to
be applied in such case, the Borrower may use a portion
of the proceeds of the loan as provided in Schedule 1 to
this Agreement for the implementation of a Debt Reduction
Plan under Part C of the Project described in Schedule 2
to this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain, or
cause to be maintained, separate records and accounts
adequate to reflect, in accordance with consistently
maintained sound accounting practices the resources and
expenditures in respect of the Project.
     (b)  The Borrower shall:
          (i)   have the accounts referred to in
                paragraph (a) above and its financial
                statements (balance sheets, statements
                of income and expenses and related
                statements), for each fiscal year
                audited, in accordance with appropriate
                auditing principles consistently
                applied, by independent and qualified
                auditors;
          (ii)  furnish to the Bank as soon as
                available, but in any case not later
                than six months after the end of each
                such year: (A) certified copies of such
                financial statements so audited; and (B)
                the report of such audit by said
                auditors, of such scope and in such
                detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
                requested; and
          (iii) furnish to the Bank such other
                information concerning said records,
                accounts and financial statements and
                the audit thereof as the Bank shall from
                time to time reasonably request.
     (c)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on the basis
of statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
Page  6
          (i)   maintain, or cause to be maintained, in
                accordance with paragraph (a) of this
                Section, separate records and accounts
                reflecting such expenditures;
          (ii)  retain, or cause to be retained, until
                at least one year after the Bank has
                received the audit report for the fiscal
                year in which the last withdrawal from
                the Loan Account was made, all records
                (contracts, orders, invoices, bills,
                receipts and other documents) evidencing
                such expenditures;
          (iii) enable the Bank's representatives to
                examine such records; and
          (iv)  ensure that such records and accounts
                are included in the annual audit
                referred to in paragraph (b) of this
                Section and that the report of such
                audit contains a separate opinion by
                said auditors as to whether the
                statements of expenditure submitted
                during such fiscal year, together with
                the procedures and internal controls
                involved in their preparation, can be
                relied upon to support the related
                withdrawals.
                       ARTICLE V
                 Remedies of the Bank
     Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (k) of the
General Conditions, the following additional event is
specified, namely, that a situation has arisen which
shall make it improbable that the Program, or a
significant part thereof, will be carried out.
                      ARTICLE VI
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 6.01. The followed events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of the Loan
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the
General Conditions: (a) that the contractual arrangements
referred to in Section 3.01 of this Agreement shall have
been executed; and (b) that the Guarantor shall have made
substantial progress, satisfactory to the Bank, in
obtaining adequate financing for its requirements for
Fiscal Years 1989 and 1990 in the context of its
adjustment program and growth targets as such
requirements are set forth in the SHCP Document.
     Section 6.02. The following is specified as an
additional matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02
(c) of the General Conditions, to be included in the
opinion or opinions to be furnished to the Bank, namely,
that the contractual arrangements referred to in Section
3.01 of this Agreement have been duly executed and
delivered on behalf of the parties thereto and are
legally binding upon them in accordance with their terms.
     Section 6.03. The date September 19, 1989 is hereby
specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the
General Conditions.
Page  7
                      ARTICLE VII
       Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 7.01. The Director General of the Borrower
is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
     Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
                Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:                Telex:
                INTBAFRAD                    440098 (ITT)
                Washington, D.C.        248423 (RCA) or
                                        64145 (WUI)
     For the Borrower:
          Banco Nacional de Comercio Exterior, S.N.C.
          Camino Santa Teresa No. 1679
          01900 Mexico, D.F.
          Mexico
          Cable address:                Telex:
                BANCOMEXT MEX           BNCE ME-1764393
                Mexico, D.F.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
                    INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                         RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                    By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                      Regional Vice
President
                              Latin America and the
Caribbean
                    BANCO NACIONAL DE COMERCIO EXTERIOR,
S.N.C.
                    By /s/ Gustavo Petricioli
                                   Authorized
Representative
Page  8
                      SCHEDULE 1
        Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the
allocation of the amounts of the Loan to each Category
and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                          Amount of the
                         Loan Allocated           % of
                          (Expressed in     Expendenditu
     Category          Dollar Equivalent)   to be Financ
(1)  Imported goods      360,000,000        100% of
under     under Part A                      expenditures
     of the Project
(2)  Technical Assistance 15,000,000
     (a)  Consultants'                      100%
          services and
          training under
          Part B of the
          Project
     (b)  Goods under                       100%
          Part B of the
          Project
(3)  Debt Reduction      125,000,000        To be agreed
by
          Plan                              the Bank,
the
                                            Guarantor
and                                         the
Borrower,                                   subject to
                                            paragraph 6
                                            below
                        ____________
     TOTAL                                  500,000,000
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule the term "foreign
expenditures" means expenditures in the currency of any
country other than that of the Guarantor for goods
supplied from the territory of any country other than
that of the Guarantor.
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
     (a)  expenditures for goods included in the
following SITC groups or sub-groups, or any successor
groups or sub-groups under future revisions to the SITC,
as designated by the Bank by notice to the Borrower:
     Group          Sub-group           Description of
Items
     112            -              Alcoholic beverages
     121            -              Tobacco, unmanu-
                                   factured, tobacco
                                   refuse
     122            -              Tobacco, manufactured
                                   (whether or not  con-
Page  9
                                   taining tobacco  sub-
                                        stitutes)
     525            -              Radioactive and
                                   associated materials
     667            -              Pearls, precious and
                                   semi-precious stones,
                                   unworked or worked
     718            718.1               Nuclear reactors,
and
                                   parts thereof, fuel
                                   elements (cartridges),
                                   non-irradiated for
                                   nuclear reactors
     897            897.3               Jewelry of gold,
                                   silver or platinum
                                   group metals (except
                                   watches and watch
                                   cases) and goldsmiths'
                                   or silversmiths' wares
                                   (including set gems)
     971            -              Gold, non-monetary
                                   (excluding gold ores
                                   and concentrates)
     (b)  payments made for expenditures prior to the
date of this Agreement, except that withdrawals in an
aggregate amount not exceeding the equivalent of
$100,000,000 may be made on account of payments made for
such expenditures before that date but after February 15,
1989;
     (c)  expenditures for goods procured under contracts
costing less than $10,000 equivalent;
     (d)  expenditures for goods supplied under a
contract which any national or international financing
institution or agency other than the Bank shall have
financed or agreed to finance;
     (e)  expenditures for crude oil, food stuff, or
goods intended for paramilitary purposes or for luxury
consumption; and
     (f)  expenditures for goods, the importation of
which is subject to Non-tariff Barriers in Mexico.
4.   Subject to the provisions of paragraph 6 hereunder,
no withdrawal shall be made and no commitment shall be
entered into to pay amounts to, or on the order of, the
Borrower or the Guarantor in respect of expenditures to
be financed under Category 1 of the proceeds of the Loan
after the aggregate of the proceeds of the Loan withdrawn
under Category 1 from the Loan Account and the total
amount of such commitments shall have reached the
equivalent of $250,000,000 for Part A of the Project,
unless the Bank shall be satisfied, after an exchange of
views as described in Section 3.02 (A) of this Agreement
and Section 3.02 (a) of the Guarantee Agreement based on
evidence satisfactory to the Bank:
     (a)  with the progress achieved by the Guarantor in
carrying out the Program;
     (b)  that the Guarantor's macroeconomic framework is
consistent with the Program;
     (c)  that the Guarantor has progressed in the
Page  10
flexibilization of price adjustments in a manner
consistent with the objectives of the Program;
     (d)  that the Guarantor has continued to make
substantial progress in obtaining adequate financing for
its requirements for Fiscal Years 1989 and 1990, and over
the medium term in the context of its adjustment program
and growth targets as such requirements are set forth in
the SHCP Document; and
     (e)  that the actions described in the Schedule to
the Guarantee Agreement have been taken in a manner
satisfactory to the Bank; provided, however, that in no
case shall any withdrawal be made or any commitment
entered into in excess of such aggregate amount of the
equivalent of $250,000,000 for Part A of the Project
prior to November 30, 1989.
5.   If, after the exchange of views described in
paragraph 4 above, the Bank shall have given notice to
the Borrower and the Guarantor that the progress achieved
and actions taken are not satisfactory and, within ninety
days after such notice, the Guarantor shall not have
achieved progress and taken actions satisfactory to the
Bank, then the Bank may, by notice to the Borrower and
the Guarantor, cancel the unwithdrawn amount of the Loan
or any part thereof.
6.   If an agreement by the Bank, the Guarantor and the
Borrower for the use of the portion of the proceeds of
the Loan designated for the implementation of a Debt
Reduction Plan shall not have been entered into by
December 13, 1989, or such later date as approved by the
Bank, then the amount of $125,000,000 under Category 3
shall, at the request of the Borrower and the Guarantor,
be reallocated to Category 1 for Part A of the Project.
7.   The provisions of this Schedule are without
prejudice to the provisions of Section 3.05 of the Loan
Agreement.
                      SCHEDULE 2
              Description of the Project
     The objectives of the Project are to assist the
Guarantor in carrying out a reform of its finance sector,
and, if so determined under Section 3.05 of this
Agreement, in the implementation of a Debt Reduction
Plan.
     The Project consists of the following parts, subject
to such modifications thereof as the Bank and the
Borrower may agree upon from time to time to achieve such
objectives:
Part A:   Imports
     Financing of imported goods required during the
execution of the Program.
Part B:   Technical Assistance and Studies
1.   Assistance to the Guarantor in modernizing the tax
administration and collection systems;
2.   Acquisition and utilization of computer equipment
and software;
3.   Carrying out studies on the public and finance
sectors of the Guarantor; and
Page  11
4.   Carrying out a study on public investments
evaluation and multi-year investment programming
procedures by, or on behalf of, the Guarantor, including
development of manuals, setting economic, financial and
technical criteria for sector specific investments
evaluation and establishing a centralized unit for
monitoring such investments.
Part C:   Debt Reduction Pl&n
     Assistance to the Guarantor in the implementation of
a Debt Reduction Plan which, in the judgement of the
Guarantor and of the Bank, shall meet the requirements of
the Bank's support of debt reduction.
     The Project is expected to be completed by December
31,  1990.
                      SCHEDULE 3
                 Amortization Schedule
                                   Payment of Principal
Date Payment Due                (expressed in dollars)*
On each February 15 and August 15
     beginning February 15, 1995
     through February 15, 2006               20,835,000
On August 15, 2006                           20,795,000
_________________________________________
*    The figures in this column represent dollar
     equivalents determined as of the respective dates
     of withdrawal.  See General Conditions, Sections
     3.04 and 4.03.
                Premiums on Prepayment
     Pursuant to Section 3.04 (b) of the General
Conditions, the premium payable on the principal amount
of any maturity of the Loan to be prepaid shall be the
percentage specified for the applicable time of
prepayment below:
     Time of Prepayment                      Premium
Page  12
                                   The interest rate (ex-
                                   pressed as a
percentage
                                   per annum) applicable
                                   to the Loan on the day
                                   of prepayment multi-
                                   plied by:
Not more than three years                         0.18
      before maturity
More than three years but                         0.35
      not more than six years
      before  maturity
More than six years but                           0.65
      not more than eleven years
      before  maturity
More than eleven years but not                    0.88
      more than fifteen years
      before maturity
More than fifteen years                           1.00
                      SCHEDULE 4
    Procurement of Goods and Consultants' Services
Section I.     Procurement of Goods
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
1.   Contracts for the procurement of goods under Part A
of the Project estimated to cost the equivalent of
$5,000,000 more each shall be awarded through
international competitive bidding in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I
and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985
(the Guidelines), subject to the following modifications:
     (a)  Paragraph 2.8 of the Guidelines is deleted and
the following  is substituted therefor:
     "2.8 Notification and Advertising
          The international community should be notified
     in a timely manner of the opportunity to bid.  This
     will be done by advertising invitations to apply
     for inclusion in a bidder's invitation list, to
     apply for prequalification, or to bid; such
     advertisements should be placed in at least one
     newspaper of general circulation in the Borrower's
     country and, in addition, in at least one of the
     following forms:
          (i)   a notice in the United Nations
                publication, Development Forum, Business
                Edition; or
          (ii)  an advertisement in a newspaper,
                periodical or technical journal of wide
                international circulation; or
          (iii) a notice to local representatives of
                countries and territories referred to in
                the Guidelines, that are potential
Page  13
                suppliers of the goods required."
     (b)  The following is added at the end of paragraph
2.21 of the Guidelines:
          "As a further alternative, bidding documents
     may require the bidder to state the bid price in a
     single currency widely used in international trade
     and specified in the bidding documents."
(c)   Paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines are
deleted.
2.   Except as provided in Part B hereof, goods under
Part B of the Project shall be procured under contracts
awarded in accordance with procedures consistent with
those set forth in Sections I and II of the Guidelines.
In the procurement of goods in accordance with this
paragraph, goods manufactured in the territory of the
Guarantor may be granted a margin of preference in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs
1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part B:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Contracts for goods under Part A of the Project
estimated to cost the equivalent of less than  $5,000,000
shall be awarded: (a) for private sector purchasers on
the basis of established commercial practices; and (b)
for public sector purchasers on the basis of governmental
procedures.
2.   Contracts for goods under Part B of the Project
estimated to cost less than the equivalent of $300,000
but more than the equivalent of $50,000, may be procured
on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally,
in accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
3.   Contracts for goods under Part B of the Project
estimated to cost the equivalent of $50,000 or less may
be procured on the basis,of comparison of price
quotations solicited from at least three suppliers
eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Bank.
Part C:   Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.   With respect to each contract referred to in Part A
of this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank,
prior to the submission to the Bank of the first
application for withdrawal of funds from the Loan Account
in respect of such contract, two conformed copies of such
contract, together with the analysis of the respective
bids and recommendations for award, a description of the
advertising and tendering procedures followed and such
other information as the Bank shall reasonably request.
2.   With respect to each contract referred to in Part B
of this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank,
prior to the submission to the Bank of the first
application for withdrawal of funds from the Loan Account
in respect thereof, such documentation and information as
the Bank may reasonably request to support withdrawal
applications in respect of such contract.
3.   The provisions of the preceding paragraphs 1 and 2
shall not apply to contracts on account of which the Bank
has authorized withdrawals from the Loan Account on the
basis of statements of expenditure.  Such contracts shall
be retained in accordance with Section 4.01 (c) (ii) of
this Agreement.
Page  14
Section II.     Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist the Guarantor in carrying out
Part B of the Project, the Guarantor shall employ
consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms
and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Bank.  Such consultants shall be selected in accordance
with principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World
Bank, as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in
August 1981.
