Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                    LOAN NUMBER 3085 ME
                  Guarantee Agreement
          (Financial Sector Adjustment Loan)
                        between
                 UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                  Dated June 16, 1989
                                    LOAN NUMBER 3085 ME
                  GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated June 16, 1989, between UNITED
MEXICAN STATES (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
     WHEREAS (A) the Bank has received two letters both
dated May 12, 1989 from the Guarantor, such letters
together describing a program of actions, objectives and
policies designed to achieve structural adjustment of the
Guarantor's financial sector so as to increase the
efficiency of resource use and enhance competitiveness
(hereinafter called the "Program"), declaring the
Guarantor's commitment to the execution of the Program
and requesting assistance from the Bank in the financing
of imports, goods and services required during such
execution;
Page  2
     (B)  it is contemplated that the Guarantor may
require assistance from the Bank in the implementation of
a Debt Reduction Plan;
     (C)  the Guarantor and the Borrower, having been
satisfied, as to the feasibility and priority of the
Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement,
have requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the
Project;
     (D)  by an agreement of even date herewith (the Loan
Agreement) between the Bank and Banco Nacional de
Comercio Exterior, S.N.C., (the Borrower), the Bank has
agreed to extend to the Borrower a loan in various
currencies equivalent to five hundred million dollars
($500,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in
the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the
Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of the
Borrower in respect of such loan as provided in this
Agreement and to undertake the obligations set forth in
this agreement;
     (E)  on the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing, the
Bank has decided, in support of the Program, to provide
such assistance to the Guarantor by making the Loan in
two tranches to the Borrower on the terms and conditions
set forth in the Loan Agreement; and
     WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the
Bank's entering into the Loan Agreement with the
Borrower, has agreed so to guarantee such obligations of
the Borrower;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January
1, 1985 (the General Conditions), with the modifications
set forth in Section 1.01 of the Loan Agreement
constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions and
in the Preamble to and Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement
have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                      ARTICLE II
      Guarantee; Provision and Transfer of Funds
     Section 2.01. (a) The Guarantor declares its
commitment to the objectives and the carrying out of the
Project set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement and
to this end, without limitation or restriction upon any
of its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement,
the Guarantor hereby unconditionally guarantees, as
primary obligor and not merely as surety, the due and
punctual payment of the principal of, and interest and
other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on
the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance
of all the other obligations of the Borrower, all as set
forth in the Loan Agreement.
     (b)  The Guarantor shall enter into the contractual
arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 of the Loan
Agreement and, except as the Bank may otherwise agree,
Page  3
shall not change or fail to enforce any provision of such
contractual arrangements.
                      ARTICLE III
                    Other Covenants
     Section 3.01. The Guarantor shall carry out Part B
and, if so determined under Section 3.05 of the Loan
Agreement, Part C of the Project with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate commercial,
administrative and financial practices, and shall
provide, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for the Project.
     Section 3.02. (a) The Guarantor and the Bank, and
the Borrower pursuant to Section 3.02 (a) of the Loan
Agreement, shall, on a quarterly basis and at the request
of any party, exchange views on 'inter alia: (i) the
progress in carrying out the Program; (ii) the progress
in carrying out the actions specified in the Schedule to
this Agreement; (iii) the macroeconomic framework of the
Guarantor in order to determine its consistency with the
Program; and (iv) on the progress achieved in the
flexibilization of price adjustments.
     (b)  At least ten days prior to each such exchange
of views, the Guarantor, and the Borrower pursuant to
Section 3.02 (b) of the Loan Agreement, shall furnish to
the Bank, for its review and comment, a report in such
detail as the Bank shall reasonably request, on the
matters specified in paragraph (a) of this Section.
     Section 3.03. The Bank and the Guarantor agree that
the obligations set   forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions (relating
respectively to insurance, use of goods and services,
plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and
land acquisition) shall 'be carried out by the Guarantor
in respect of Part B of the Project.
     Section 3.04, Except as the Bank may otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Loan shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to
the Loan Agreement.
     Section 3.05. The Guarantor shall:
     (a)  by September 1, 1989, present to the Bank terms
of reference, satisfactory to the Bank, for purposes of
carrying out the study under Part B.4 of the Project;
     (b)  by October 15, 1989, begin the carrying out of
such study pursuant to such terms of reference;
     (c)  by March 15, 1990, complete such study pursuant
to such        terms of reference; and
     (d)  by April 15, 1990 provide to, and discuss with,
the Bank
a plan or plans of action, acceptable to the Bank, to
adopt measures to improve public investment evaluation
and programming procedures.
     Section 3.06. The Guarantor shall: (a) monitor the
implementation of its budgeting and payments procedures
for externally funded public investment projects; and (b)
by August 31, 1989 exchange views with the Bank on the
Page  4
implementation of such procedures, and on measures to
improve such procedures.
     Section 3.07. (a) The Guarantor: (i) shall, except
for loans to low income agricultural producers, eliminate
all interest rate subsidies in loans made by development
banks and trust funds after the date of this Agreement
such that the average subsidy levels will decline as
existing loans mature; and (ii) undertakes that the total
aggregate amount of such subsidies to low income
agricultural producers during 1989 shall not exceed, as
a percentage of the Guarantor's gross domestic product,
the level of such subsidies in Fiscal Year 1988.
     (b)  For purposes of this Section, interest rate
subsidies shall be calculated using as a base the average
cost of funds (CPP).
     Section 3.08. The Guarantor shall provide, or cause
to be provided, to the Borrower all documents and records
in respect of the expenditures financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan required to enable the Borrower to
comply with the provisions of Section        4.01 of the
Loan Agreement.
     Section 3.09. Without limitation or restriction upon
the provisions of Section 2.01 (a) of this Agreement, the
Guarantor shall take all actions as shall be required for
implementing the provisions under Section 3.05 of the
Loan Agreement.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) The Guarantor shall maintain, or
cause to be maintained, separate records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with consistently
maintained sound accounting practices the resources and
expenditures in respect of Parts B and C of the Project.
     (b)  The Guarantor shall:
          (i)  have the records and accounts referred to
               in paragraph (a) of this Section for each
               fiscal year audited, in accordance with
               appropriate auditing principles
               consistently applied, by independent and
               qualified auditors;
          (ii) furnish to the Bank as soon as available,
               but in any case not later than six months
               after the end of each such year, a
               certified copy of the report of such
               audit by said auditors, of such scope and
               in such detail as the Bank shall have
               reasonably requested; and
          (iii)     furnish to the Bank such other
                    information concerning said records
                    and accounts and the audit thereof
                    as the Bank shall from time to time
                    reasonably request.
                       ARTICLE V
      Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
     Section 5.01. The Director General de Captacion de
Credito Externo of Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito
Page  5
Publico of the Guarantor is designated as representative
of the Guarantor for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the
General Conditions.
     Section 5.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Guarantor:
          Direccion General de
            Captacion de Credito Externo
          Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito
            Publico
          Palacio Nacional, Primer Patio,
            Mariano, 4o Piso
          06066 Mexico, D.F.,
          Mexico
                                        Telex:
1777313-SHOCME
For the Bank:
     International Bank for
          Reconstruction and Development
     1818 H Street, N.W.
     Washington, D.C. 20433
     United States of America
     Cable address:                Telex:
          INTBAFRAD                     440098 (ITT)
          Washington, D.C.                   248423 (RCA)
or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
                    UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                    By /s/ Lic.  Gustavo Petricioli
                                     Authorized
Representative
                    INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                      RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                    By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                              Regional Vice President
                              Latin America and the
Caribbean
Page  6
                       SCHEDULE
        Actions Referred to in Paragraph 4 (e)
          of Schedule 1 to the Loan Agreement
     1.   That the Guarantor has adopted and begun the
implementation of the following programs, acceptable to
the Bank, including taking all actions that may be
necessary or appropriate to implement such programs:
     (a)  to redefine the role of, fideicomisos (trust
funds) and development banks including, NAFIN, the
Borrower, BANOBRAS, BANRURAL and ANAGSA, in order to
improve the efficiency of their operations and to
restructure BANRURAL and ANAGSA;
     (b)  to ensure that the total aggregate amount of
fiscal transfers during Fiscal Year 1989 to BANRURAL and
ANAGSA, including budgeted transfers during Fiscal Year
1989 and assumption of portfolio losses will not increase
as a percentage of the Guarantor's gross domestic
product, beyond the level budgeted for Fiscal Year 1989,
and to substantially reduce such fiscal transfers for
Fiscal Year 1990 and beyond, including eliminating all
transfers arising from the capitalization of
disbursements under loans from the Bank and the
Inter-American Development Bank through FICART; provided,
however, that such fiscal transfers may increase by an
amount equivalent to debt assumptions by the Guarantor
under debt restructuring agreements acceptable to the
Bank;
     (c)  to increase self-generated revenues received by
the Distrito Federal by at least 10% in real terms during
Fiscal Year 1990 of the amount of such revenues received
during 1988;
     (d)  to strengthen supervision of financial
institutions and brokerage houses and undertake a study
that will review existing procedures and evaluate the
need for, inter alia, classifying loan portfolios
according to risk, improving provisions for loan losses
and interest accruals, disclosing publicly the financial
statements of banks and brokerage houses and improving
the regulation of brokers; and
     (e)  to gradually reduce grants for investments and
regional development by the Guarantor to the States which
are not matched by such States.
     2.   That the Guarantor has submitted to the Bank
evidence satisfactory to the Bank of the Guarantor's
compliance with Section 3.07 of this Agreement, including
providing the Bank with data, satisfactory to the Bank,
in support of such evidence.
