Page  1
                                                            CONFORMED COPY
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3870 EE
                             Project Agreement
              (Haapsalu and Matsalu Bays Environment Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                              AND DEVELOPMENT
                                    and
                           HAAPSALU WATER WORKS
                         Dated September 19, 1995
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3870 EE
                             PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated September 19, 1995, between INTERNATIONAL
BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and HAAPSALU
WATER WORKS (HWW).
      WHEREAS by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Republic of Estonia (the Borrower) and the Bank,
the Bank has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount
in various currencies equivalent to two million dollars
($2,000,000) on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that HWW agrees to undertake
such obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this
Agreement; and
      WHEREAS HWW, in consideration of the Bank's entering into
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake
the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
Page  2
                                Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the Preamble to
this Agreement and the General Conditions (as so defined) have
the respective meanings therein set forth, and the following
additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Action Plan" means the strategic enterprise plan for
HWW, dated February 27, 1995 agreed between the Bank and HWW
for the implementation of Part A of the Project by HWW; and
      (b)   "PIP" means the Project Implementation Plan dated
February 27, 1995 agreed between the Borrower and the Bank
regarding the implementation of Parts A and B of the Project.
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) HWW declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Loan Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out Part A of the
Project with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity
with appropriate administrative, financial, environmental and
water management practices, and shall provide, or cause to be
provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services
and other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph
(a) of this Section and except as the Bank and HWW shall
otherwise agree, HWW shall carry out Part A of the Project in
accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. HWW shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree, HWW shall not take or concur in any action
which would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning
or waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision
thereof.
      Section 2.03. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for Part A of the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph
(a) of this Section, HWW shall:
             (i)    prepare, on the basis of guidelines acceptable
                    to the Bank, and furnish to the Bank not later
                    than six (6) after the Closing Date or such
                    later date as may be agreed for this purpose
                    between the Bank and HWW, a plan for the
                    future operation of the Project;
            (ii)    afford the Bank a reasonable opportunity to
                    exchange views with HWW on said plan; and
           (iii)    thereafter, carry out said plan with due
                    diligence and efficiency and in accordance
                    with appropriate practices, taking into
                    account the Bank's comments thereon.
      Section 2.04. HWW shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
Page  3
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project
Agreement.
      Section 2.05. (a) HWW shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to progress of the
Project, the performance of its respective obligations under
this Agreement and other matters relating to the purposes of
the Loan.
      (b)   HWW shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of
the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of Loan, or the
performance by HWW of its respective obligations under this
Agreement.
                                ARTICLE III
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) HWW shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices its operations, and
financial conditions.
      (b)   HWW shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of
                  income and expenses and related statements) for
                  each fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Bank;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but
                  in any case not later than six months after the
                  end of each such year: (A) certified copies of
                  its financial statements for such year as so
                  audited; and (B) the report of such audit by
                  said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                  as the Bank shall have reasonably requested;
                  and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements, as well as the audit thereof as the
                  Bank shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
                                ARTICLE IV
                     Management and Operations of HWW
      Section 4.01. HWW shall:
      (a)   take out and maintain with responsible insurers, or
make other provision satisfactory to the Bank, for insurance
against such risks and in such amounts as shall be consistent
with appropriate practice;
      (b)   carry on its operations and conduct its affairs in
accordance with sound administrative, financial, environmental
and water management practices under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent
staff in adequate numbers; and
      (c)   at all times operate and maintain its plants,
machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to time,
promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial,
environmental and water management practices.
Page  4
      Section 4.02. (a) HWW shall by March 31, 1996, carry out,
on the basis of terms of reference acceptable to the Bank, and
furnish to the Bank and the Borrower for review and comments a
tariff study for the purposes of determining the adjustments
needed in (i) the level of HWW's tariffs to ensure full cost
recovery and debt servicing by HWW; (ii) the structure of HWW's
tariffs to improve the economic efficiency of HWW, including
recommendations inter alia for a timetable for tariff
adjustment to provide at least that the recommended tariff
level is achieved by June 30, 1996;
      (b)   carry out adjustments of the level and structure of
HWW tariffs on the basis of the results and recommendations of
the tariff study referred to in paragraph (a) of this Section;
and
      (c)   increase the tariffs in real term by 19% by the end
of the calendar year 1995.
      Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, HWW shall not incur any debt, unless the net cash
generated by HWW for the fiscal year immediately preceding the
date of such incurrence or for a later twelve-month period
ended prior to the date of such incurrence, whichever is the
greater, shall be at least 1.5 times the estimated total debt
service requirements of HWW for any succeeding fiscal year on
all debt of HWW, including the debt to be incurred.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "debt" means any indebtedness of HWW
                  maturing by its terms more than one year after
                  the date on which it is originally incurred.
           (ii)   Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under
                  a loan contract or agreement or other
                  instrument providing for such debt or for the
                  modification of its terms of payment on the
                  date of such contract, agreement or instrument;
                  and (B) under a guarantee agreement, on the
                  date the agreement providing for such guarantee
                  has been entered into.
          (iii)   The term "net cash generated" means the
                  difference between:
                  (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources
                        related to operations adjusted to take
                        account of HWW's tariffs in effect at the
                        time of the incurrence of debt even though
                        they were not in effect during the twelve-
                        month period to which such revenues relate
                        and net non-operating income; and
                  (B)   the sum of all expenses related to
                        operations, including administration,
                        adequate maintenance, taxes and payments
                        in lieu of taxes, but excluding provision
                        for depreciation, other non-cash operating
                        charges and interest and other charges on
                        debt.
           (iv)   The term "net non-operating income" means the
                  difference between:
                  (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                        related to operations; and
                  (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                        lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                        of revenues in (A) above.
Page  5
            (v)   The term "debt service requirements" means the
                  aggregate amount of repayments (including
                  sinking fund payments, if any) of, and interest
                  and other charges on, debt.
           (vi)   Whenever for the purposes of this Section, it
                  shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                  currency of the Borrower, debt payable in
                  another currency, such valuation shall be made
                  on the basis of the prevailing lawful rate of
                  exchange at which such other currency is, at
                  the time of such valuation, obtainable for the
                  purposes of servicing such debt, or, in the
                  absence of such rate, on the basis of a rate of
                  exchange acceptable to the Bank.
      Section 4.04. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, HWW shall maintain, for each of its fiscal year ending
December 31, 1995 a ratio of total operating expenses to total
operating revenues below 85%.
      (b)   Before November 30 in each of its fiscal years, HWW
shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by HWW and
satisfactory to the Bank, review whether it would meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) in respect of such year
and the next following fiscal year, and shall furnish to the
Bank the results of such review upon its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that HWW would not meet
the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for HWW's fiscal
years covered by such review, HWW shall promptly take all
necessary measures (including, without limitation, adjustments
of the structure or levels of its tariffs in order to meet such
requirements.
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "total operating expenses" means all
                  expenses related to operations, including
                  administration, adequate maintenance, taxes and
                  payments in lieu of taxes, and provision for
                  depreciation on a straight-line basis at a rate
                  of not less than 5% per annum of the average
                  current gross value of HWW's fixed assets in
                  operation, or other basis acceptable to the
                  Bank, including interest on debt, but excluding
                  all other debt service payments.
           (ii)   The term "total operating revenues" means
                  revenues from all sources related to
                  operations.
          (iii)   The average current gross value of the
                  Borrower's fixed assets in operation shall be
                  calculated as one half of the sum of the gross
                  value of HWW's fixed assets in operation at the
                  beginning and at the end of the fiscal year, as
                  valued from time to time in accordance with
                  sound and consistently maintained methods of
                  valuation satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 4.05. By December 31, 1995, HWW shall, in
accordance with guidelines satisfactory to the Bank:
      (a)   produce a comprehensive statement of accounts
receivable by consumer category and age;
      (b)   adopt a program acceptable to the Bank for the
effective recovery of outstanding accounts; and
      (c)   include a provision in the income statement for non-
Page  6
performing receivables.
      Section 4.06. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
HWW shall not declare any dividend or make any other
distribution with respect to its share capital before June 30,
1999.
      Section 4.07. HWW shall not contract managerial functions
to third parties, unless appropriate competitive procedures
agreed with the Bank have been followed.
                                 ARTICLE V
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the
Bank, of HWW thereunder shall terminate on the date on which
the Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
terms, and the Bank shall promptly notify HWW thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any
cancellation or suspension under the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE VI
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted
to be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement
between the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in
writing. Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been
duly given or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by
mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which
it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      For HWW:
            Haapsalu Water Works
            Posti 39
            EE3170 Haapsalu
            Republic of Estonia
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of HWW may be taken or
executed by the Director of HWW or such other person or persons
as the Director shall designate in writing, and HWW shall
furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and
the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
Page  7
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By  /s/ Basil Kavalsky
                                           Acting Regional Vice President
                                                  Europe and Central Asia
                  HAAPSALU WATER WORKS
                  By  /s/ Toomas Ilves
                                                Authorized Representative
                                SCHEDULE 1
                   Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part B hereof, goods and works shall
be procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II
of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA
Credits" published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines) and
in accordance with the following additional procedures:
      (a)   When contract award is delayed beyond the original
bid validity period, such period may be extended once, subject
to and in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 2.59 of
the Guidelines, by the minimum amount of time required to
complete the evaluation, obtain necessary approvals and
clearances and award the contract. The bid validity period may
be extended a second time only if the bidding documents or the
request for extension shall provide for appropriate adjustment
of the bid price to reflect changes in the cost of inputs for
the contract over the period of extension. Such an increase in
the bid price shall not be taken into account in the bid
evaluation. With respect to each contract made subject to the
Bank's prior review in accordance with the provisions of Part
C.1(a) of this Section, the Bank's prior approval will be
required for (i) a first extension of the bid validity period
if the period of extension exceeds sixty (60) days and (ii) any
subsequent extension of the bid validity period.
      (b)   In the procurement of goods and works in accordance
with this Part A, HWW shall use the relevant standard bidding
documents issued by the Bank, with such modifications thereto
as the Bank shall have agreed to be necessary for the purposes
Page  8
of the Project. Where no relevant standard bidding documents
have been issued by the Bank, HWW shall use bidding documents
based on other internationally recognized standard forms agreed
with the Bank.
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods and works
shall be grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the
equivalent of $200,000 or more.
Part B:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Items or groups of items for goods and works estimated to
cost up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $200,000, may be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of
price quotations obtained from at least three suppliers from at
least three different countries eligible under the Guidelines,
in accordance with procedures acceptable to the Bank.
2.    Goods estimated to cost up to an aggregate amount
equivalent to $50,000 may be procured under contracts awarded
on the basis of comparison of price quotations obtained from at
least three suppliers eligible under the  Guidelines, in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Bank.
Part C:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and
final contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for goods and works
estimated to cost the equivalent of $200,000 or more, the
procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to
be made out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said
paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Bank prior to the
making of the first payment out of the Special Account in
respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3
and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where
payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the
two conformed copies of the contract together with the other
information required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to
said paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the Bank as part of the
evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4
to the Loan Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b)
shall not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals
from the Loan Account are to be made on the basis of statements
of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II. Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist HWW in the implementation of Part A of
the Project, HWW shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Bank. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants
by World Bank Borrowers and by The World Bank as Executing
Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981. For complex,
time-based assignments, HWW shall employ such consultants under
contracts using the standard form of contract for consultants'
services issued by the Bank, with such modifications as shall
Page  9
have been agreed by the Bank. Where no relevant standard
contract documents have been issued by the Bank, HWW shall use
other standard forms agreed with the Bank.
                                SCHEDULE 2
                          Implementation Program
1.    HWW shall maintain the PIU with staff and terms of
reference satisfactory to the Bank.  The PIU shall coordinate
and supervise the execution of Part A of the Project, including
the preparation and submission to the Bank of periodic progress
and Project completion reports.
2.    HWW shall enter, by October 31, 1995, into an agreement
(the twinning arrangement) with a reputable foreign water
supply and sewerage utility in accordance with terms of
reference acceptable to the Bank, for provision of consultancy
and advisory services, training and software to HWW, with the
purpose of establishing HWW as an autonomous and financially
independent water and wastewater utility company.
3.    HWW shall:
      (a)   carry out Part A of the Project in accordance with
the Project Implementation Plan (PIP), including performance
indicators and Action Plan for said Part A of the Project;
      (b)   monitor the performance indicators specified in the
PIP;
      (c)   report to the Borrower and the Bank on a quarterly
basis or other periods agreed with the Bank, starting on
December 31, 1995 on HWW's actual performance measured by the
performance indicators;
      (d)   exchange views with the Bank on an annual basis on
HWW's performance measured by the performance indicators and on
the corrective measures to be taken in the following calendar
year;
      (e)   make adjustments in said performance indicators, as
agreed with the Bank for the following calendar year; and
      (f)   agree upon the corrective measures to be taken in the
following calendar year.
