         International Bank for Reconstruction and Development   86609
                  International Development Association
                     International Finance Corporation
                Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency
                        FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
                        CONFIDENTIAL
                                                                       EDS98-432
                                                                 September 9, 1998


Board Meeting of September 10, 1998
Statement by Juan L. Cariaga
               Gambia - Country Assistance Strategy and
                    Third Education Sector Project

     We welcome this Country Assistance Strategy (CAS) for the
Republic of The Gambia and appreciate the candid explanation of recent
development   challenges,  as   well  as   the   description  of   the
opportunities and risks that exist.
     The Gambia’s promising efforts to reduce poverty through higher
economic growth have been affected in the last several years by
adverse external and domestic shocks, inappropriate policy responses,
governance and transparency issues, and political instability.
Relations with donor institutions were reduced or suspended, and in
the case of the Bank, when resumed did not involve new projects.
Since then, as a result of The Gambia’s return to more appropriate
economic policies, the Bank and others have renewed their development
assistance.
      It is therefore heartening to learn that today there is a broad
based internal consensus on development priorities and the need for
further reforms.    Gambia’s reform agenda is described by its “The
Gambia Incorporated…Vision 2020” and the recently completed Policy
Framework Paper (PFP).    This indicates government ownership of its
program, even if not all issues for discussion with the Bank have been
resolved.
     We notice, however, that there is an absence of any description
about consultations with civil society, NGOs and other interested
parties, and would appreciate staff providing additional information.
Was there no activity in this area, or is this simply an omission?

     This is the first CAS since 1993.    Gambia has made substantial
efforts to improve political and economic performance, especially
through reduction of the budget deficit and through improved fiscal
management.   As a result, earlier this year IDA approved its first
credit in four years for the health sector, while the IMF Board has
more recently approved an ESAF program.   Other positive developments
included an overall GDP growth in 1997 of 5.4 percent and a narrowing
of the current account deficit.
     Nevertheless, as the CAS noted in straightforward terms, the
government and the Bank do not agree in all areas. From the Bank’s
                                    2


perspective, there seems to be further room for changes in the
responsibilities of the state.   The relative roles of the public and
private sectors have not yet been fully resolved.    We appreciate the
frank discussion in paragraph 39 and understand that the government
may be wary of previous poor results. As the CAS noted, the lack of
government ownership, inadequate sequencing and transparency as well
as differences in the degree of private participation have contributed
to this. However, with such a situation it may be difficult to reach
agreement about the design of a feasible privatization program.

     For public enterprise reform, the measures proposed include
primarily the regularization of debt.     Is there any strategy for
reducing public sector participation?  Would the government regulate
activities in the energy and telecommunications sectors?  Is there a
plan for privatizing the management of tourism or port related
services?    In view of the country’s mixed experience in the past,
these are questions that will bear keeping in mind as the CAS is
implemented.
     We would expect that recommendations and lessons learned will
result from the public expenditure reviews (PER) that are planned to
be carried out this fiscal year and onwards.
      The high priority given to develop capacity building is
appropriate, as is the Bank’s involvement in providing assistance to
improve central and local government capacities.
     We also support the proposed IDA program for Gambia’s third
education sector project, as the first phase of an Adaptable Program
Lending (APL) credit.
     After the presidential and legislative elections in early 1997,
the government undertook a number of welcome measures to implement
sound reforms.   The CAS highlights several of these, including the
necessary adequate legal and regulatory framework for the free trade
zone, labor legislation, proposed legislation for some private sector
activities and others.   We would appreciate staff commentary on the
political consensus for passing this legislation and suggest that the
next CAS incorporate some description of the political system and
risks, if any.
     Overall, we support the CAS and appreciate the efforts that have
been made as Gambia returns to a development oriented policy supported
by the Bank, the IFC and other donors.    We agree that the base case
scenario is justified by improvements in macroeconomic management and
understand the need for front loading of programs after the four-year
hiatus. The triggers for the low case and high case scenarios appear
reasonable.

     Finally,    we welcome the attention that has been paid to
developing and   coordinating partnerships and hope that the results of
these projects   will be such as to encourage the government and people
of The Gambia    take the most advantage possible in their efforts at
economic          progress        and        poverty       alleviation.
