Report No. PID10122
Project Name                      Tunisia-Protected Areas Management Project    @
Region                            Middle East and North Africa Region
Sector                            VM - Natural Resources Management
Project ID                        TNPE48315
Borrower(s)                       GOVERNMENT OF TUNISIA
Implementing Agency
Address
Ministry of Agriculture
Address: 30 rue Alain Savary, 1002 Tunis
Contact Person: Mr. Abdallah Mallek,
Director General, DGFE
Tel: (216-1) 842 687
Fax: (216-1) 784 447
Ministry of Environment and Land Use Planning
Address: Centre Urbain Nord, Cedex 1080,
Tunis
Contact Person: Mr. Najib Trabelsi,
Director-General, Environment
Tel: (216-1) 702 779
Fax: (216-1) 238 411
Email:DGEQV@mineat.gov.tn
Environment Category              C
Date PID Prepared                 December 23, 2001
Projected Appraisal Date          February 18, 2002
Projected Board Date              May 30, 2002
1. Country and Sector Background
Sector importance: Of the 870 species of plants that are rare, threatened,
or endemic in North Africa, about 150 occur in Tunisia. There are an
estimated 2200 species of plants in Tunisia, but less than 2 percent
represent globally threatened vascular plants (IUCN, 1997). At the
national level, there are 239 rare and 101 very rare species. Tunisia's
rare flora include 6 species endemic to the country, and about 80 species
endemic to North Africa and the northern Sahara. Many of the plants are
valuable as a genetic resource. Important forage plants (medicago,
hedysarum), medicinal plants (Myrtus communis, Urginea maritima, daphne
gnidium), fiber plants (Stina tenacissima) and plants of food value occur
(Olea, Capparis). There has been a decline in forest cover - from 3.3
million hectares at the turn of the century to 841,000 hectares at
present, but several activities through Bank-supported projects have
addressed this issue and forest cover is improving again, albeit slowly.
Tunisian fauna is relatively less well studied, and has been in a
substantive decline over the past century. At present, all large mammals
(except the wild boar, Sus scrofa barbarus) are considered threatened.



About 80 species of mammals, 362 species of birds, and more than 500
species of reptiles and fish can still be found. Several mammal species
are endemic to North Africa. Rare and endangered mammals (IUCN Red Book,
1985) include the barbary hyena(hyaena hyaena barbara), barbary deer
(cervus elaphus barbarus), dorcas gazelle (gazelle dorcas massaesyla),
cuvier's gazelle (G. cuvieri), and the slender-horned gazelle
(G.leptoceros). Rare and endangered birds listed in the IUCN Red Book that
occur in Tunisia include, inter alia, the white stork, marbled teal,
hite-headed duck, red kite, peregrine falcon, bearded vulture, and the
Houbara bustard. Globally threatened species (all) number 110. Root causes
of biodiversity loss: Forest and vegetation degradation still continues
due to burgeoning population pressures with overgrazing, fuelwood and
fodder collection being the primary culprits. This has exacerbated erosion
(estimated soil loss: 11,000 ha./year) and contributes to the
approximately 8,000 ha that are lost annually to desertification.
Inappropriate cultivation techniques in the steppes have resulted in wind
erosion and dune formation. Enforcement of protective measures is weak due
to the absence of multi-disciplinary management plans, low awareness, and
weak institutional capacity.Absence of participatory approaches to
protected area management: While the intent of the protected area system
is well-founded and is of great importance for the preservation and
enhancement of biological diversity, there is a clear need for the
management systems currently in place to go beyond the traditional
approach to conservation. Hunting, overgrazing, and inappropriate
agricultural practices of local communities continue to pose a threat to
the integrity of many of the protected areas. Since about 10 percent of
the Tunisian population (- 1 million) live within forest areas and/or in
the vicinity of protected areas, it is essential that the management of
the protected areas integrate the needs of the local communities while
conserving natural resources. Designing management plans that incorporate
greater stakeholder participation with the objective of linking
conservation of biological diversity in protected areas with improved
local social and economic development will be essential to ensure
long-term conservation.Inadequate institutional capacity: The Ministry of
Environment and Landuse Planning (MELP) is in charge of policy
formulation, planning and regulation, with the Directorate General of
Forestry (DGF) in the Ministry of Agriculture (MOA) being responsible for
management of the protected areas through on the ground daily
surveillance, protection and management activities. There is no
substantial overlap in the two mandates, but coordination between the two
Ministries is weak, and better integrative mechanisms (including budgetary
allocations, data management) are required. Habitat loss and poaching are
seriously threatening much of the national fauna. Fauna are in need of
protection through improvement of law enforcement capabilities and control
of illegal commerce in wildlife products. Budgetary constraints, lack of
equipment and trained staff have reduced national park protection to the
minimum.Land tenure issues: Some of the national parks have local
communities living within the park boundaries. In the Ichkeul N.P, there
are about 65 families living within the park. It is GOT policy not to
evict anyone already living in the park, although no new families are
allowed to settle within park boundaries hereafter. In Jebil, the park is
apparently still used seasonally by the adjacent tribes, including the
Mrazig, the Sabria, and the Adhar and Ghrib. In the Spring months there
are many families that go from Douz to spend time in the desert and there
is still hunting (although forbidden), in part because of foreigners that
- 2-



come specifically for this purpose. There is lack of clarity on whether
the tribes that previously used this area still consider that they have
rights of access to the park area and its resources, primarily as a
passage way to other grazing areas. The land tenure status of the
former collective lands is also ambiguous.Government strategy: Tunisia
accords a high significance to biodiversity conservation and sustainable
uses in its development effort. There is a strong political commitment
towards enhanced conservation efforts and its successful integration into
a wider economic, social and cultural context. There is a growing
realization that earlier natural resources management interventions have
sometimes failed to fully achieve their objectives because community
participation and insight into the planning, prioritization, and
management process was absent. There is now a high-level commitment to
participatory natural resources management in the Ministry of Agriculture
which is moving to a reorientation from top-down planning in favor of a
collaborative approach with resource user groups such as the Development
Committees (CDs) in the Bank-financed Natural Resources Management Project
(Ln - 4162) and the Northwest Mountainous Development Project (Ln - 3691),
and Groupements Forestiers d'Interet Collectif (GFICs; some of which were
formerly Associations Forestieres d'Interet Collectif, AFICs) as in the
Second Forestry Development Project (Ln - 3601). User groups have been
promoted first with rural potable water and tubewell irrigation
perimeters, but are still at their infancy among forest users and soil
conservation groups, and are yet to be extended to rangeland users. The
Ninth Development Plan (1997-2001) identifies protection of forests,
national parks, and improved and rationalized management systems as a key
element of a sustainable natural resources management strategy. A
National Biodiversity Strategy and Action Plan were developed in a very
participatory manner under a Biodiversity Enabling Activity (GEF-funded;
the World Bank being the Implementing Agency) and were adopted by the
Government in 1998. University academics, research institutes, and
environmental NGOs (local and international) provided useful inputs into
the preparation of the Biodiversity Strategy. The strategy also benefited
from bilateral assistance from Germany and Sweden. The key priorities of
the national strategy are strengthening the biodiversity knowledge base,
prevention of the erosion of genetic resources, improved protection and
management of critical ecosystems, integration of biodiversity
conservation in relevant sectoral strategies, and strengthening of the
institutional and regulatory framework. GoT is actively looking to GEF
and other donors to finance the main elements of its Action Plan and meet
its obligations under the Biodiversity Convention. GoT officially
requested the Bank for assistance in obtaining GEF funds for a protected
areas management project in July 1998. The proposed project is in line
with the national priorities as articulated in the "Strategie Nationale de
Conservation et de Developpement de la Flore et de la Faune Sauvages et
des Aires Protegees" (July 2001) prepared under the recently closed Second
Forestry Development Project.
2. Objectives
The project's main development objective is improved management and
protection of selected national parks for the purposes of conserving
biodiversity of global importance and contributing to the overall
improvement in welfare of local populations.
3. Rationale for Bank's Involvement
- 3-



The Bank has had a long-standing dialogue with Tunisia in the forestry
sector and, more broadly, natural resource management through the two
Forestry Development Projects, Natural Resource Management Project,
Northwest Mountainous Area Development Project. In the environment sector,
the Bank has been involved in technical assistance through the
Mediterranean Technical Assistance Program (METAP) mainly in the area of
Environmental Impact Assessment, and policy support in the integration of
the environment into specific sectors of waste management, water, tourism,
transport, and trade. The proposed project will be the Bank's first GEF
operation in Tunisia. Despite existing bilateral support for the
environment sector in Tunisia, the Government has requested that the Bank
continue to be engaged in order to continue the policy dialogue, secure
donor coordination, and bring international best practices to bear on the
design and implementation of the country's first GEF protected areas
management project. The GEF value added comes from its global experience
in the design, implementation, and financing of biodiversity projects. The
GEF support is justified by the regional and global value of the project
sites' biodiversity. GEF funding will help raise visibility and global
support for the management of Tunisia's protected areas and reserves. It
will also enable the project to target globally valued and threatened
plants and habitats. Other GEF/Bank biodiversity projects in the region
(notably, Morocco, Jordan) will provide opportunities for promotion of
exchange of ideas, cross-fertilization with other GEF projects, and
strengthened biodiversity monitoring and evaluation, review, and
scientific oversight.Consultation, Collaboration and Coordination between
Implementing Agencies (IAs): The project has been developed in close
consultation with UNDP who are currently working with the Government in an
alternative livelihoods project in the national park if El Feidja. Lessons
learned from this project are included in the project design. In addition,
UNDP is also preparing a GEF project on marine protected areas which has
been coordinated with this project as well as the Bank's Gulf of Gabes
project also under preparation. The local UNDP representative has
participated in several wrap-up meetings after Bank missions. GTZ which
has a strong presence in the Ministry of Environment has assured the Bank
of support during project implementation.
4. Description
The project includes the following three components: (all $ amounts are
indicative only) Component 1: Institutional Strengthening ($1.73 M): The
objective of this component will be to reinforce the institutional
capacity of the Directorate General of Forestry (Ministry of Agriculture)
and the Ministry of Environment in the sustainable protected areas
management. This component will support the following: (i) strengthening
of the Project Management Unit; (ii) training; (iii) technical and
scientific studies; and (iv) establishment of a scientific monitoring
system for the protected areas. The training programs would have a strong
regional focus with modules targeting park management personnel, local
governments at the regional Commissariats Regionaux de Developpement
Agricole (CRDA) level, and other potential partners (including the private
sector and NGOs) in participatory approaches to protected areas
management. It will also include training programs for the Directorate
General of Forestry (Ministry of Agriculture), Ministry of Tourism, and
the Ministry of Environment and Landuse Planning at the central level
(where justified). Component 2: Protected Areas Management ($U.S 6.41 M):
The objectives of this component are to: (i) manage and restore the
- 4 -



ecosystems in the three national parks to protect the globally important
flora and fauna; (ii) assist in the development of ecotourism activities;
and (iii) establish, with the local populations, community development
plans compatible with the objectives of sustainable biodiversity
conservation. The three parks (out of 8) chosen include Ichkeul, Bouhedma,
and Jebil. These three parks cover unique and distinctly different
ecosystems - wetland, arid-mountain/pseudo savanna, and desert
respectively (see Annex 2 for a brief description of each park). The
project will develop detailed management plans, provide equipment,
training and small infrastructural facilities in all three sites. In
addition, it will establish mechanisms to reduce the unsustainable use of
natural resources, particularly those resources that in the past were
shared common resources such as grazing lands and forests. The project
will develop strategies for ecotourism that will demonstrate the links
between conservation and economic benefits for the local communities. The
management plans will emphasize not only the technical aspects (inventory,
infrastructure, surveillance), but also strategic and sustainability
issues (participatory review and assessment of existing management plans
and practices by local communities, negotiations with communities on
priority activities to reduce pressures on the protected areas, support
for alternative livelihoods consistent with biodiversity conservation and
sustainable use of natural resources, scientific monitoring), and would be
implemented during the project period. This component would also include
the (parallel) cofinancing by the French GEF for the Bouhedma and Jebil
national parks.Component 3: Public Awareness ($U.SO.7M): This component
would aim to build public support for biodiversity conservation at the
local/park level and regional/governorate level. Action plans will target
priority groups such as local governments, site visitors, and local school
children for raising the awareness of specific stakeholder groups about
the importance of, and opportunities for, biodiversity conservation within
the three parks. Possible delivery mechanisms include mass media, formal
and informal education, and development of linkages with local NGOs,
schools, tourism agencies, and other organizations to promote public
understanding about biodiversity resources. For each of the parks,
flagship species/themes (espOce phare) have been identified that will form
the nucleus of all public awareness campaigns as well as research,
monitoring and conservation activities. These would be the accacia
raddiana, and the white gazelle (gazelle leptoceros) for the parks of
Bouhedma and Jebil respectively and the theme of water resources
management for the case of Ichkeul. Activities will be developed at the
local/community level around these key species/themes in order to develop
the grassroots awareness necessary to sustain long-term biodiversity
conservation.
1. Capacity Building and Institutional Strengthening:
* Training programs
* Establishment of a national database on biodiversity and strengthening
ability to monitor changes in biodiversity;
* Studies on institutional issues including environmental legislation,
revised and additional financing mechanisms for protected areas.
2. Protected Areas Management:
* Planning and management systems
* Sustainable resource management
* Alternative livelihood mechanisms
-5-



* Ecotourism strategy
3. Public Awareness and Education:
5. Financing
Total                                  ( US$m)
BORROWER                                 3.3
LOCAL COMMUNITIES                        0.17
GLOBAL ENVIRONMENT FACILITY              5.4
Total Project Cost                       8.87
6. Implementation
Implementation period: 5 yearsAs with the project preparation process, an
Inter-Ministerial Steering Committee (ISC) comprising representatives from
the Ministry of Agriculture, Ministry of Environment and Landuse Planning,
Ministry of Tourism, Ministry of Interior, Ministry of International
Cooperation, Secretariat d'Etat a la Recherche Scientifique et Technique
(SERST), and representatives of civil society will be retained during
project implementation. The ISC will be responsible for providing overall
strategic guidance, project oversight, and assistance in resolving issues
associated with project implementation. Project Coordination at the
National Level: Currently, the Ministry of Environment and Landuse
Planning (MELP) has overall responsibility for managing the project
preparation grant and overall project preparation. However, during the
preappraisal it was agreed that the the project management unit would be
located in the Ministry of Agriculture (MA) due to the fact that the bulk
of the activities under the project fall under the purview of the MA. It
was also agreed that in view of the fact that this project would require
close inter-ministerial coordination, it would be preferable to lodge the
Project Coordination Unit (PCU) in the DGFE that is better equipped to
handle both interministerial coordination and budgetary/financial
management vis-a-vis a technical unit like the DGF. The transfer of
responsibility from MELP to MA during project implementation has been
discussed with and fully supported by all the concerned Ministries. The
DGFE (and MA) will thus have overall responsibility during project
implementation including procurement, disbursement, maintenance of project
accounts and coordination of implementation. DGFE has wide experience with
managing Bank projects (ASIL, ASIL2, WSIL, Ag Services) and the
institutional and implementation arrangements under these projects have
been fully satisfactory. Close coordination will be maintained with the
other two Ministries directly involved - Environment and Tourism.
Technical backstopping will be provided by the DGF. Project
Implementation: At the park level, local coordination committees (CLCs)
will be created, chaired by the Governor of the respective governorate.
Other members of the CLC will include inter alia, the CRDA comissaire, the
park conservator, the head of the Arrondissement Forestier in the CRDA,
the regional director of the Ministry of Environment, the regional
commissaire for tourism, representatives of the park communities (CD,
AFIC, other associations. The CLCs will meet annually to discuss and
validate the annual plan of action (PAA) for the parks prepared by the
park conservator, other relevant CRDA personnel, Ministry of Tourism
representatives, and the local communities/associations. The CLC will
transmit the PAA to the PCU which will then aggregate all the plans for an
annual work program to be presented to the Inter-Ministerial Steering
Committee. At the regional level, the PMU would coordinate the project
activities through the Arrondissements Forestiers (AFs) in each CRDA. In
- 6 -



each governorate, the park administrator who is drawn from the AF would be
the focal point for all park-related activities including ranger services,
community outreach, and monitoring activities. Local communities would
participate in project implementation in several ways. First, they would
participate in the formulation of sustainable management plans which
directly affect them. Second, they will have a financial interest in the
park's management since they will be primary sources of local knowledge as
well as labor. Third, they would also participate through the
establishment of contractual arrangements, Contrat Programmes (CP), with
the implementing agency, NGOs or other agencies with whom they may be
involved. In addition, they would participate through the formation of
Development Committees (CDs) and a Forestry Association (AFIC) in the case
of Ichkeul. The CD approach has been tested in the ongoing projects
(Natural Resources Management; North-West Mountainous Areas Development)
and has proven to be successful. 2. Institutional and implementation
arrangements:Financial management. The financial management arrangements
are detailed in annex 6 and summarized below.The Financial Management
System (FMS) in place in the MOA and MOELR, is based on principles and
procedures defined by the legal framework applicable to the pubic sector
and more specifically to governmental institutions. MOA implementing
agency for the project is maintaining an accounting system based on the
cash basis and the outline of budget components according to the
provisions of the Public Accounting Law. Projects with financing from
external donors, are managed at the level of the DGFE which build a
capacity through the implementation of a large number of projects. DGFE is
playing the role of coordinator through which all transactions to be
funded are channeled. The system in place is used to control eligibility
of expenditures, compliance with legal documents and donors requirements,
at the stages of budgeting, procurement and disbursement. The Central Bank
of Tunisia is the authorized institution, acting on behalf of MOF to
proceed with all payments from special accounts and to issue SOEs for
replenishment. Direct payments are handled directly by DGFE. Accounting
and financial reporting. Accounting and financial reporting will be
assured centrally by the Project Coordination Unit (PCU) within DGFE. DGF
and MOELR would be responsible for financial management and accounting
duties for activities managed under their responsibility according to the
analysis presented in annex CRDAs involved in the project implementation
at the regional level, would maintain simplified accounts and analysis of
the activities managed under their responsibility. Such reports would be
sent respectively to the DGF and MOELR on a monthly basis for accounting
and monitoring purposes. DGF and MOELR would maintain accounting records
for components under their responsibility, prepare and disseminate
sub-project accounts and financial reports. They would also ensure timely
transmission of these accounts and reports to DGFE. DGFE would be
responsible for aggregating the financial data and the issuing of the
Financial Monitoring Report to the Bank (frequency will be agreed during
negotiations). Audit. MOA will appoint an auditor acceptable to the Bank,
to carry out an annual audit according to the International Standards on
Auditing as issued by the International Federation of Accountants, the
Bank's Guidelines (e.g. Financial, accounting, reporting and auditing
handbook, "FARAH") and specific Terms of Reference (TORs) acceptable to
the Bank. The auditor will express a professional opinion on the annual
project financial statements and will be made available to the Bank an
annual audit report within six months of the close of each fiscal year.
- 7 -



7. Sustainability
Social sustainability: The project design envisages the participation of
local communities and other stakeholders in the development and
implementation of the park management plans which should ensure social
sustainability. Active participation of NGOs and the potential
participation of CDs and GFICs (where applicable) are also envisaged. The
Government's continuing commitment to decentralization will also
contribute to the social sustainability of the project. Financial
sustainability: The continued recurrent cost funding of the park
management after the project closes has been assured by the Government of
Tunisia through the Ministry of Finance to the Directorate General of
Forestry, Ministry of Agriculture. The government recognizes that an
effective system of protected areas is an essential element of sustainable
forest management and have committed to contribute to the baseline costs
of the project. The track record of the Government in earlier
Bank-financed projects, specifically in the area of natural resources
management in this regard has been good. Examples include the Northwest
Mountainous Area Development Project, First and Second Forestry
Development Projects, and the Agricultural Sector Investment Project.
However, it is also recognized that current public expenditures on
management of the other five national parks will be insufficient to
develop and maintain the necessary management plans for effective
conservation of biodiversity. Discussions during project preparation and
pre-appraisal have indicated that the Government is willing to explore new
options to ensure financial sustainability. A detailed study is to be
undertaken in this regard to examine options such as allocating a share of
the ecotourism revenues to support the management of the three parks in
the project. In addition, the government is also considering setting up of
trust funds for each park with the sponsorship of large public and private
sector enterprises. Other mechanisms under consideration include a
earmarked share of sales revenue of a line of special products from the
national parks and earmarking special taxes on lodging and transport in
the national parks. The capitalization of the specific financing
mechanisms for the three parks in the project as well as the other five
parks will be tested in the final years of the project based on the
results of the study. The government has carried out a study of ecotourism
potential in five national parks (of which two are included in this
project) as part of its new tourism strategy. The project will also
finance a more detailed feasibility study on ecotourism in this project to
address the issue of financing long-term recurrent costs.
8. Lessons learned from past operations in the country/sector
This is the first Bank-supported GEF project in Tunisia and the first GEF
project focusing on protected areas management in Tunisia. Lessons learned
have been drawn to a large extent from the Bank's experience in the
forestry sector in Tunisia and other Bank/GEF projects in the region and
elsewhere. The preparation process is also focussing on lessons learned
from other community-based natural resources management initiatives. From
QAG review of GEF-supported biodiversity projects in Africa: (i)
Integration of the biodiversity conservation agenda into the broader
national development agenda is essential; (ii) Biodiversity projects need
to focus more on methods for dealing with socio-economic pressures in
perimeter zones where populations may be dependent on forest exploitation;
(iii) Project design should take into account technical and stakeholder
reviews in the final design; and (iv) Clearly defined goals and objectives
- 8 -



are essential to focus on project efforts, monitor progress, and
demonstrate impact. On a broad level, the QAG's recommendation to include
more environmental expertise in developing the CAS has been implemented in
the Tunisia case. The new Country Assistance Strategy (CAS) has had a
substantial input from the environment/rural development sectors with a
special mission that prepared the Environmental Input to the Tunisia CAS
report. The CAS includes the proposed Bank/GEF projects in its focus on
consolidating long-term development in environment and natural resources
management. The proposed project would also seek to identify
complementarities with ongoing environment/natural resource management
projects in order to better mainstream biodiversity conservation. The
biodiversity conservation efforts in the proposed project will seek to
emphasize the underlying causes of biodiversity loss (overgrazing,
fuelwood overexploitation etc.). The proposed project design supports
detailed social analyses of the park populations and would define options
and mitigation strategies to endangered livelihoods if there is to be a
limitation in the use of resources.From Bank-wide Portfolio Review of
Biodiversity Projects: The portfolio review identified 9 criteria to
assess the strengths and weaknesses of biodiversity projects in quality at
entry: borrower ownership; stakeholder participation; clarity of
objectives and components; application of lessons learned; identification
of critical risks; integration of biodiversity into project design; detail
of implementation planning; analysis of institutional capacity; use and
adequacy of indicators. In the proposed project, borrower ownership is
high. Since it is a free-standing biodiversity project, integration of
biodiversity into project design is a given. The proposed project supports
preparatory studies that will address the other criteria in detail.From
Bank Review of Issues in Ecotourism and Conservation: In a review of 23
protected areas with projects designed to generate local economic
development found that while many projects promoted ecotourism, few
generated substantial benefits for either parks or local people. In most
countries, ecotourism alone will not promote conservation - rather, it is
one component with other elements like improved education, improved access
to information, improvements in park management, and increased economic
opportunities other than just ecotourism. The review also recommends
zoning as a management tool to ensure controlled tourism does not degrade
the park's biodiversity resources as was the case with the Tangkoko
DuaSaudara Nature Reserve in Indonesia where "ecotourists control
Tangkoko, probably to the detriment of wildlife", and the Royal Chitwan
Park in Nepal where despite well organized education programs,
"disturbances to the ecology have become obvious features". The proposed
project will explore the potential for ecotourism in each park and zoning
will be an essential feature in defining how visitation will take place.
In Tunisia, the disturbances due to increased tourism is a negligible
risk. Indeed, the challenge would be how best to develop this potential
while mitigating any negative effects. Baseline surveys will be carried
out on the seasonality of tourism interest, activities of tourism in the
park including the type of tourist attracted, type of visitor experience
desired by the tourist and the associated infrastructure expected, in
addition to strong baseline data on the ecosystem characteristics. Any
promotion of ecotourism in the project sites will be strictly managed.
Public awareness and environmental education are important components of
the proposed project.Tunisia Forestry Development Project (Ln 2870-TUN;
closed) and Second Forestry Development Project (Ln 3601-TUN; closed): As
the first forestry operation financed by the Bank in Tunisia, the Forestry
- 9-



Development Project (FDP) was the testing ground to provide the technical
and institutional basis for the follow-on Second Forestry Development
Project (SFDP). The FDP eliminated price distortions and monopolistic
situations in the sector, and the implementation agencies and population
developed a new awareness of the need for environmentally sound
exploitation of forest resources. The FDP and SFDP have underlined the
need for participation by the local populations in forest and pasture
management. The ongoing experience with OPDIs (Pilot Operations of
Integrated Development) has indicated that where the utilization of a
participatory methodology is new for the implementing agency and
communities, a phased approach should be used to allow a "learning by
doing" approach. This is particularly important for activities such as the
OPDI, where rapid implementation would most likely not permit enough time
to carry out training activities, thereby leaving the local community
groups in a weak position to adequately participate. The SFDP has also
shown that investments linked to participatory activities should be
carried out after an initial phase of consultations and training of
beneficiaries. These activities will allow time for communities to adjust
to working as a group, be cohesive and develop participatory mechanisms;
capacity-building of NGOs as well as user groups is critical to ensure
successful implementation. In the proposed project, the local communities
have already begun the process of organizing themselves. Trust funds have
been identified to support capacity-building of these nascent groups in
the interim period before the project becomes effective. Jordan:
Conservation of the Dana and Azraq Protected Areas Project (GEF/World
Bank/UNDP): The key factor behind the success of Dana was the involvement
of the local population (Bedouins inside the reserve and villagers around
it) in the forefront of the project from the very start. Building on local
skills and initiatives, mixed with a new vision and new ideas,
opportunities were created for local people to gain a livelihood from the
nature reserve without destroying it. Carefully-regulated ecotourism gives
local people a fair share of the action and dividends while "putting
nature first". The institutional strengthening component of the Royal
Society for the Conservation of Nature (RSCN) produced a revitalized RSCN
with a clear vision, with a trained and motivated staff and, most
importantly, with the will to make the protection of Jordan's natural
heritage succeed in practice. The proposed project has also identified
similar issues and has included in the project design a detailed
participatory process involving local communities and local/regional
institutions, NGOs to develop and implement management plans for the
protected areas that will balance the need for protecting the parks and
meeting the needs of the local people. Institutional strengthening of the
DGF is also an important component of the project. The project preparation
phase includes a study tour to Dana for the park conservators, and other
DGF and MELP personnel to learn from the Jordanian experience and work
with RSCN to set up customized training programs for Tunisian staff.
Morocco: Protected Areas Management Project: Although this project is
still in an early implementation phase, the key aspects in project design
were a decentralized implementation structure and the involvement of the
local populations in the preparation of the six Douar Development Plans to
be implemented in the first year as part of the conservation management
plans. The proposed project will also bring together the local
communities, and NGOs, with the local forestry arrondissements in the
respective governorates in a participatory fashion to gain the commitment
of the local people.
- 10 -



9. Program of Targeted Intervention (PTI)     N
10. Environment Aspects (including any public consultation)
Issues        The project is not expected to have any negative
environmental impacts of any kind. It is expected to generate significant
positive environmental benefits through the establishment of effective
management systems to conserve the natural integrity and biodiversity of
Tunisia's ecosystems in three national parks. Infrastructure-related
activities are expected to be small-scale involving mainly the
refurbishment of visitor centers, marked trails, and signage. They will be
carried out in a manner that minimizes negative environmental impacts.
This will be done through ensuring that the relevant environmental
provisions in accordance with Bank guidelines are specified in the terms
of reference (TORs) and all construction contracts. The protected area
management plans to be developed under the project will involve definition
of land and resource use zones within the parks and define specific
measures to be undertaken to ensure sustainable management of the
biodiversity resources. Key stakeholders will include the local
communities, CRDAs, and NGOs. The development of the management plans will
include all the key stakeholders and constitutes an environmental
management plan per se. No resettlement is envisaged. The Bank will ensure
that all the three mangement plans are designed in accordance with the
standardds set out by the safeguard policies, specifically those
pertaining to OD 4.01 and the new guidelines (O.P 4.12) pertaining to
impacts on local populations in legally designated parks and protected
areas.
11. Contact Point:
Task Manager
Shobha Shetty
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington D.C. 20433
Telephone: 202-473-2760
Fax: 202-477-1981
12. For information on other project related documents contact:
The InfoShop
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone: (202) 458-5454
Fax:        (202) 522-1500
Web: http:// www.worldbank.org/infoshop
Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain components may
not be necessarily included in the final project.
This PID was processed by the InfoShop during the week ending Jan. 25, 2002.
- 11 -



