Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2333 KE
       (Second Mombasa and Coastal Water Supply Engineering
                    and Rehabilitation Project)
                              between
                         REPUBLIC OF KENYA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                       Dated March 13, 1992
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2333 KE
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated March 13, 1992, between REPUBLIC OF KENYA
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Project will be carried out by National Water
Conservation and Pipeline Corporation (NWCPC) with the Borrower's
assistance and, as part of such assistance, the Borrower will make
available to NWCPC the proceeds of the Credit as provided in this
Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Project
Agreement of even date herewith between the Association and NWCPC;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
Page  2
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Deve-
lopment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1,
1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to an exchange of letters dated March 13, 1991, and
March 29, 1991, between the Borrower and the Association.
      (b)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement.
      (c)   "Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement to be
entered into between the Borrower and NWCPC pursuant to Section 3.01
(b) of this Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time,
and such term includes any schedules to the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement.
      (d)   "NWCPC" means National Water Conservation and Pipeline
Corporation, a body corporate established under Legal Notice Number
270 of 1988 issued pursuant to the Borrower's State Corporations
Act.
      (e)   "Project Agreement" means the agreement between the
Association and NWCPC, of even date herewith, as the same may be
amended from time to time, and such term includes all schedules and
agreements supplemental to the Project Agreement.
      (f)   "Fiscal Year" or "FY" means the Borrower's fiscal year
which begins on July 1 and ends on June 30.
      (g)   "KSh." means Kenya Shillings, the currency of the
Borrower.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in this
Agreement, an amount in various currencies equivalent to thirty-one
million eight hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR
31,800,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in a
commercial bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association, including appropriate protection against set-off,
seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
Page  3
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance
shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1996, or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restric-
tions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower;
and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for the
purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other
eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on January 1 and July 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each January 1 and July 1 commencing
July 1, 2002, and ending January 1, 2032. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on January 1, 2012, shall be one
percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each installment
thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due con-
sideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
Page  4
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 2.09. NWCPC is designated as representative of the
Borrower for the purposes of taking any action required or permitted
to be taken under the provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement
and Article V of the General Conditions.
                             ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and, to this end, without any limitation or restriction
upon any of its other obligations under this Agreement, shall cause
NWCPC to perform in accordance with the provisions of the Project
Agreement all the obligations of NWCPC therein set forth, shall take
and cause to be taken all action, including the provision of funds,
facilities, services and other resources, necessary or appropriate
to enable NWCPC to perform such obligations, and shall not take or
permit to be taken any action which would prevent or interfere with
such performance.
      (b)   The Borrower shall: (i) relend the proceeds of the
Credit allocated to Parts A.2 and C of the Project to NWCPC under a
subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into between the Borrower
and NWCPC, under terms and conditions which shall have been approved
by the Association, which shall include, inter alia, that such
proceeds of the Credit shall be relent at an interest rate of at
least 16.65% per annum for a term of 20 years including a grace
period not ex- ceeding 5 years; and (ii) make the proceeds of the
Credit allocated to Parts A.1, A.3 and B of the Project available to
NWCPC as an equity contribution.
      (c)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement in such manner as to protect the interests
of the Borrower and the Association and to accomplish the purposes
of the Credit, and except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
the Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive the Sub-
sidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Project
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower and the Association hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03 through 9.08 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and ser-
vices, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and
land acquisition, respectively) shall be carried out by NWCPC
pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Project Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower and the Association shall, from
time to time, at the request of either party, exchange views with
regard to the Borrower's water pricing policies and its plans in
respect of the overall development of the water sector, and shall
approve such tariff increases as necessary to enable NWCPC to meet
the requirements of Section 4.02 of the Project Agreement.
      (b)   The Borrower agrees, as long as it exercises control
over the setting of prices of NWCPC, to establish prices for water
sold by NWCPC which would allow NWCPC, under conditions of efficient
operation at reasonable levels of capacity utilization, to cover
Page  5
their operating costs including taxes, meet their financial
obligations and make a reasonable contribution to future investment
for expansion of capacity.
      Section 4.02. (a) For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the basis of
statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained in accordance
                  with sound accounting practices, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   ensure that all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures are retained until
                  at least one year after the Association has
                  received the audit report for the fiscal year in
                  which the last withdrawal from the Credit Account
                  was made; and
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records.
      Section 4.03. The Borrower shall: (a) make equity contri-
butions to NWCPC as follows (i) equivalent to $2,480,000 in the
1992/1993 fiscal year, (ii) equivalent to $2,130,000 in the
1993/1994 fiscal year, (iii) equivalent to $60,000 in the 1994/1995
fiscal year, and (iv) equivalent to $10,000 in the 1995/1996 fiscal
year; and (b) deposit such contributions quarterly in an account to
be opened by NWCPC in a commercial bank.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   NWCPC shall have failed to perform any of its
obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (b)   As a result of events which have occurred after the date
of this Agreement, an extraordinary situation shall have arisen
which shall make it improbable that NWCPC will be able to perform
its obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (c)   Legal Notice Number 270 of 1988 shall have been amended,
suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially
and adversely the ability of NWCPC to perform any of its obligations
under the Project Agreement.
      (d)   The Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment
of NWCPC or for the suspension of its operations.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 5.01 of
this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of sixty
days after notice thereof shall have been given by the Association
to the Borrower; and
      (b)   any event specified in paragraph (b) of Section 5.01 of
this Agreement shall occur.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
Page  6
conditions to the effectiveness of this Agreement within the meaning
of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   the Borrower has deposited its equity contribution for
FY 1991/1992 in KSh equivalent to $820,000 into the account to be
opened by NWCPC pursuant to Section 4.03 (b) of this Agreement;
      (b)   NWCPC has established the Project Implementation Unit
and appointed the Project Coordinator and four key PIU staff
referred to in Section 2.06 of the Project Agreement; and
      (c)   that the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been executed on
behalf of the Borrower and NWCPC.
      Section 6.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association:
      (a)   that the Project Agreement has been duly authorized or
ratified by NWCPC, and is legally binding upon NWCPC in accordance
with its terms; and
      (b)   that the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by the Borrower and NWCPC and is legally
binding upon the Borrower and NWCPC in accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 of this
Agreement, the Minister responsible for Finance of the Borrower is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Finance
            P.O. Box 30007
            Nairobi
            Kenya
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  FINANCE                    2292 MINFIN
                  Nairobi                    Nairobi
      For the Association:
            International Development
             Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
Page  7
                        REPUBLIC OF KENYA
                        By /s/ Denis D. Afande
                                         Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        By /s/ Stephen Denning
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1)   Consultants'              17,210,000      100%
      services under
      Parts A.1 (ii),
      (iii), (iv), B
      and C of the
      Project
(2)   Vehicles, mis-                            100% of foreign
      cellaneous                 2,280,000      expenditures
      equipment and                             and 70% of local
      machinery, office                         expenditures
      and training equip-
      ment and water
      meters, under
      Parts A.2 (i), (ii),
      (iii), (v), (vi) and
      A.3 (ii) of the Project
(3)   Training under              260,000       100%
      Part A.3 (i)
      of the Project
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(4)  Civil works and           8,380,000        100% of foreign
     supply contracts                           expenditures
     under Part C.2                             and 70% of local
     of the Project                             expenditures
(5)  Refunding of                550,000        Amounts due
     Project                                    pursuant to
     Preparation                                Section 2.02 (b)
     Advance                                    of this Agreement
(6)  Unallocated               3,120,000
                              __________
Page  8
     TOTAL                    31,800,000
                              ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower; and
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for
expenditures: (a) prior to the date of this Agreement; (b) under
Category 3 of paragraph 1 above unless NWCPC has, not later than
March 31 of each year submitted to the Association a training
program satisfactory to the Association, for the following year; and
(c) under Category (4) of paragraph 1 above unless NWCPC has
furnished to the Association an Environmental Action Plan,
satisfactory to the Association, for the Rehabilitation and
Augmentation Works under Part C of the Project.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to: (a) provide institu-
tional support to enable NWCPC become a viable water supply
corporation; (b) carry out pre-investment studies and engineering
designs for a proposed Second Mombasa and Coastal Water Supply
Project; (c) reduce the water supply deficit in Mombasa and other
areas; and (d) minimize the adverse impact of future Projects on the
environment.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Institutional Support for NWCPC
1.    Institutional strengthening of NWCPC through:
            (i)    valuation of assets and liabilities;
           (ii)    improvement of revenue collection, financial
                   management and management information systems;
          (iii)    drawing up a Corporate Development Plan (in-
                   cluding the carrying out of a tariff study); and
           (iv)    assistance in Project implementation and
                   coordination.
2.    Vehicles and Miscellaneous Equipment
      Provision of:
            (i)    vehicles;
           (ii)    miscellaneous water supply equipment and
                   machinery;
          (iii)    office equipment and computers;
           (iv)    computer hardware and software for the billing
                   systems in the Coast Region;
            (v)    radio communication equipment; and
           (vi)    water meters.
Page  9
3.    Training
            (i)    Training of NWCPC staff in engineering, finance
                   and administration.
           (ii)    Provision of training equipment.
Part B:     Preinvestment Studies and Engineering
      Carrying out studies and engineering designs for:
            (i)    the development of water sources and delivery
                   systems;
           (ii)    water distribution network improvement and
                   extension;
          (iii)    instrumentation, telemetry and system com-
                   munication;
           (iv)    sewerage, drainage and sanitation; and
            (v)    building works and rehabilitation of other water
                   schemes.
Part C:     Rehabilitation and Augmentation Works
1.    Carrying out:
            (i)    groundwater investigations and hydrological
                   studies in the Sabaki River and in the vicinity
                   of Baricho;
           (ii)    wellfield design (including river crossing and
                   associated works);
          (iii)    engineering for the rehabilitation and aug-
                   mentation works for the Sabaki/Baricho bulk
                   supply system; and
           (iv)    construction supervision of the rehabilitation
                   and augmentation works.
2.    Civil Works and Supply Contracts
            (i)    test drilling for groundwater exploration;
           (ii)    carrying out wellfield development;
          (iii)    carrying out rehabilitation works for the
                   Sabaki/Baricho bulk supply system;
           (iv)    carrying out improvements to the water distri-
                   bution network;
            (v)    rehabilitation of the Mzima pipeline; and
           (vi)    construction of and extension to workshops,
                   offices and staff houses.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1995.
                            SCHEDULE 3
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories set
Page  10
forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $4,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   requests for deposits into the Special Account
                   at such intervals as the Association shall
                   specify.
           (ii)    Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   the documents and other evidence required
                   pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the
                   payment or payments in respect of which replen-
                   ishment is requested. On the basis of each such
                   request, the Association shall, on behalf of the
                   Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account and
                   deposit into the Special Account such amount as
                   the Borrower shall have requested and as shall
                   have been shown by said documents and other
                   evidence to have been paid out of the Special
                   Account for eligible expenditures.
      All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from
the Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in
the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by
said documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
Page  11
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
      Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the re-
maining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request, or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraph 6
(a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
