Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3526 IND
              (Financial Sector Development Project)
                              amongst
       INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                   P.T. (PERSERO) BANK BUMI DAYA
                 P.T. (PERSERO) BANK DAGANG NEGARA
            P.T. (PERSERO) BANK EKSPOR IMPOR INDONESIA
               P.T. (PERSERO) BANK NEGARA INDONESIA
               P.T. (PERSERO) BANK RAKYAT INDONESIA
                       Dated January 21, 1992
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3526 IND
               PARTICIPATING BANKS PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated January 21, 1993, amongst the INTERNATIONAL
BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and  P.T.
(PERSERO) BANK BUMI DAYA, P.T. (PERSERO) BANK DAGANG NEGARA, P.T.
(PERSERO) BANK EKSPOR IMPOR INDONESIA, P.T. (PERSERO) BANK NEGARA
INDONESIA and P.T. (PERSERO) BANK RAKYAT INDONESIA (collectively the
Participating Banks).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the REPUBLIC OF INDONESIA (the Borrower) and the Bank, the
Bank has agreed to lend to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to three hundred seven million dollars
($307,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that each of the Participating
Banks agree to undertake such obligations toward the Bank as are set
forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by subsidiary loan agreements to be entered into between
the Borrower and each of the Participating Banks, part of the
proceeds of the loan provided for under the Loan Agreement will be
made available to such Participating Banks on terms and conditions
set forth in the BBD Subsidiary Loan Agreement, the BDN Subsidiary
Loan Agreement, BankExim Subsidiary Loan Agreement, BNI Subsidiary
Loan Agreement and BRI Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS the Participating Banks, in consideration of the
Bank's entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, have
agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the Preamble to this
Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so defined) have the
respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project;
                 Management and Operations of the
                        Participating Banks
      Section 2.01. Each Participating Bank declares its commitment
to the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Loan Agreement, and, to this end, each shall carry out Parts B and
C of the Project and conduct its operations and affairs, in
accordance with sound administrative, financial, commercial bank,
economic, managerial and environmental standards and practices, with
qualified and experienced management and staffing in adequate number
and qualifications, and in accordance with its Articles of
Association, and each shall provide, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for such Parts of
the Project.
      Section 2.02. Each Participating Bank shall adopt and,
thereafter, take all such action as shall be necessary to: (a) carry
out its Plan of Actions, including implementing the remedial
measures that BI may require it to undertake for such purposes; and
(b) in accordance with internationally accepted guidelines
satisfactory to the Bank, achieve a minimum 8% Capital Adequacy by
December 31, 1994.  For such purposes, each Participating Bank
shall: (i) on March 31, 1993, March 31, 1994 and December 31, 1994
take all such actions as shall be necessary to include as Tier II
Capital the amounts approved by BI of its Liquidity Credits
withdrawn and outstanding on such dates; and (ii) on each Conversion
Date, issue shares in the name of the Borrower representing the
amount of the Tier I Capital Contributions provided for in Section
3.02 of the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.03. Each Participating Bank shall adopt by December
31, 1992, and, thereafter, implement performance criteria,
satisfactory to the Bank, for providing annual bonus to the members
of its Board of Directors.
      Section 2.04. (a) Each Participating Bank undertakes that,
unless the Bank shall otherwise agree, Sub-loans shall be made in
accordance with the procedures and on the terms and conditions set
forth or referred to in the Schedule to this Agreement.
      (b)   Each Participating Bank shall exercise its rights in
relation to each Investment Project in such manner as to: (i)
protect the interests of the Bank and such Participating Bank; (ii)
comply with its obligations under this Agreement and its Subsidiary
Loan Agreement; and (iii) achieve the purposes of the Project.
      Section 2.05. Each Participating Bank shall carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and
9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods
and services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition) in respect of Part B of the Project.
Page  3
      Section 2.06. Each Participating Bank shall duly perform all
its obligations under its Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the
Bank shall otherwise agree, each Participating Bank shall not take
or concur in any action which would have the effect of assigning,
amending, abrogating or waiving its Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any
provision thereof.
      Section 2.07. (a) Each Participating Bank shall, at the
request of the Bank, exchange views with the Bank with regard to the
progress of Parts B and C of the Project, the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and under its Subsidiary Loan
Agreement and other matters relating to the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   Each Participating Bank shall furnish to the Bank all
such information as the Bank shall reasonably request concerning the
expenditures of the proceeds of the Sub-loans made by such
Participating Bank, the administration, operations and financial
conditions of the Investment Enterprises beneficiaries of such Sub-
loans, the Investment Projects being financed by such Sub-loans, and
the administration, operations and financial condition of such
Participating Bank, including the carrying out of its Action Plans
and Financing Plans.
      (c)   Each Participating Bank shall promptly inform the Bank
of any condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of Parts B and C of the Project, the accomplishment of the
purposes of the Loan, or the performance by such Participating Bank
of its obligations under this Agreement and under its Subsidiary
Loan Agreement, as the case may be.
      (d)   Each Participating Bank undertakes to provide to BI all
such information as shall be necessary to enable BI to comply with
its obligations under the BI Project Agreement, and in particular
with those obligations set forth in Section 2.07 of the BI Project
Agreement relating to the reports to be provided by BI to the
Borrower and the Bank on each Supervision Date.
      Section 2.08. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, each
of the Participating Banks shall: (a) not sell, lease, transfer or
otherwise dispose of any of its property or assets, except in the
ordinary course of business; and (b) take all action necessary to
maintain its corporate existence and right to carry on its
operations and to acquire, maintain and renew all rights, powers,
privileges and franchises necessary or useful in the conduct of its
business.
      Section 2.09. During the period April 1, 1992 through December
31, 1994, each of BBD and BDN shall take all such actions as shall
be necessary to limit the growth of its risk-weighted assets at an
average annual growth rate not to exceed the level of its risk-
weighted assets as of March 31, 1992.
      Section 2.10. During the period April 1, 1992 through December
31, 1994, each of BankExim and BNI shall take all such actions as
shall be necessary to limit the growth of its risk-weighted assets
at an average annual growth rate not to exceed 15% of the level of
its risk-weighted assets as of March 31, 1992.
      Section 2.11. Except for BRI's risk-weighted assets related
exclusively to small and medium enterprises, which risk-weighted
assets may increase during the period April 1, 1992 through December
31, 1994, at an average annual growth rate not to exceed 15% of the
level of such risk-weighted assets as of March 31, 1992,  BRI shall,
during the period April 1, 1992 through December 31, 1994, take all
such actions as shall be necessary to limit the growth of its risk-
weighted assets at an average annual growth rate not to exceed the
level of its risk-weighted assets as of March 31, 1992.
      Section 2.12. BRI shall, by March 31, 1993, prepare and
furnish to the Bank for its approval, a plan for its institutional
reorganization aimed at enhancing BRI's operational efficiency, and
therafter, implement such plan as so approved in accordance with a
Page  4
time-table satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 2.13. Each of the Participating Banks shall amend the
Subsidiary Loan Agreements referred to in paragraphs (b) and (c) of
Section 3.04 of the Loan Agreement pursuant to the provisions
thereof.
                            Article III
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) Each of the Participating Banks shall
maintain procedures and records adequate to monitor and record the
progress of Parts B and C of the Project and of each Investment
Project being financed by such Participating Bank (including its
cost and the benefits to be derived from it) and to reflect in
accordance with consistently maintained sound accounting practices
the operations and financial condition of each of the Participating
Banks.
      (b)   Each of the Participating Banks shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial state-
                  ments (balance sheets, statements of income and
                  expenses and related statements) for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the Bank;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank, as soon as available but in
                  any case not later than nine months after the end
                  of each such year: (A) certified copies of its
                  financial statements for such year as so audited;
                  and (B) the report of such audit by said
                  auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof as the
                  Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, each of the Participating Banks shall:
            (i)   maintain, in accordance with paragraph (a) of
                  this Section, separate records and accounts
                  reflecting such expenditures;
            (ii)  retain, until at least one year after the Bank
                  has received the audit report for the fiscal year
                  in which the last withdrawal from the Loan
                  Account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;
            (iii) enable the Bank's representatives to examine such
                  records; and
            (iv)  ensure that such separate accounts are included
                  in the annual audit referred to in paragraph (b)
                  of this Section and that the report thereof
                  contains, in respect of such separate accounts, a
                  separate opinion by said auditors as to whether
                  the proceeds of the Loan withdrawn in respect of
                  such expenditures were used for the purposes for
                  which they were provided.
      Section 3.02. Each of the Participating Banks shall take such
actions satisfactory to the Bank as shall be necessary to protect
Page  5
itself against risk of loss resulting from changes in the rates of
exchange between the various currencies (including the Rupiah) used
in its operations.
      Section 3.03. Each Participating Bank shall annually retain
and convert into its paid-in capital at least 80% of its after tax
profits of its fiscal years 1993 and 1994.
                            ARTICLE IV
                    Effective Date; Termination
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 4.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of the Participating Banks thereunder shall terminate on the
date on which the Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with
its terms, and the Bank shall promptly notify the Participating
Banks thereof.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                             ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other addresses as such party shall have designated by
notice to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                 INDEVAS                     197688 (TRT),
                 Washington, D.C.            248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      For the Participating Banks:
      P.T. (PERSERO) Bank Bumi Daya
      Jl. Iman Bonjol No. 61
      Jakarta 10011
      Indonesia
      Cable Address:                            Telex:
            BEDEPUSAT                              61400 BDPST IA,
            Jakarta, Indonesia                  61277 BDPST IA, or
                                                    61876 BDPST IA
Page  6
      P.T. (PERSERO) Bank Dagang Negara
      Jl. M.H. Thamrin No. 5
      Jakarta 10240
      Indonesia
      Cable Address:                            Telex:
            STACOPUS                               61212 BDNKP IA,
            Jakarta, Indonesia                  45844 BDNUK IA, or
                                                   45845 BDNUPK IA
      P.T. (PERSERO) Bank Ekspor Impor Indonesia
      Jl. Lapangan Stasiun No. 1
      Jakarta 11110
      Indonesia
      Cable Address:                            Telex:
            EXIMINDONESIA                            42030
            Jakarta, Indonesia                       42087
                                                     43032
      P.T. (PERSERO) Bank Negara Indonesia
      Jl. Jenderal Sudirman Kav. No. 1
      Jakarta
      Indonesia
      Cable Address:                            Telex:
            KANTORBESAR                             45524 KBBNI-IA
            Jakarta, Indonesia                      45539 KBBNI-IA
      P.T. (PERSERO) Bank Rakyat Indonesia
      Jl. Jenderal Sudirman Kav. 44-46
      Jakarta
      Indonesia
      Cable Address:                            Telex:
            KANPUSBRI                               65301 KPBRI IA
            Jakarta, Indonesia                      63293 KPBRI IA
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any documents required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of each of the Participating Banks, or by any of
the Participating Banks on behalf of the Borrower under the Loan
Agreement, may be taken or executed by their respective President
Director,  or by such other person or persons as each of the
Participating Banks shall designate in writing, and each of the
Participating Banks shall furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of
the authority and the authenticated specimen signature of each such
person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all collec-
tively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                     AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ Gautam Kaji
                                           Regional Vice President
                                             East Asia and Pacific
Page  7
                  P.T. (PERSERO) BANK BUMI DAYA
                  P.T. (PERSERO) BANK DAGANG NEGARA
                  P.T. (PERSERO) BANK EKSPOR IMPOR INDONESIA
                  P.T. (PERSERO) BANK NEGARA INDONESIA
                  P.T. (PERSERO) BANK RAKYAT INDONESIA
                  By /s/ Abdul Rachman Ramly
                                         Authorized Representative
                             SCHEDULE
                 Terms and Conditions of Sub-loans
1.    Sub-loans shall have a maximum repayment period of 12 years,
including a maximum grace period of 3 years, and interest rate at
the prevailing market rate in Indonesia for similar loans for
Investment Projects.
2.    No expenditures for goods, civil works or services required
for an Investment Project shall be eligible for financing out of the
proceeds of the Loan:
      (a)   unless the Sub-loan for such Investment Project shall
have been approved by the Bank and such expenditures shall have been
made not earlier than ninety days prior to the date on which the
Bank shall have received the application and information required
under paragraph 4 (a) of this Schedule in respect of such Sub-loan;
or
      (b)   except as otherwise provided in paragraph 3 (b) (ii) of
Schedule 1 to the Loan Agreement, the Sub-loan for such Investment
Project shall have been a free-limit Sub-loan for which the Bank has
authorized withdrawals from the Loan Account and such expenditures
shall have been made not earlier than ninety days prior to the date
on which the Bank shall have received the request and information
required under paragraph 4 (b) of this Schedule in respect of such
free-limit Sub-loan. For the purposes of the Loan Agreement and this
Agreement, a free-limit Sub-loan shall be a Sub-loan for an
Investment Project in an amount to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Loan which shall not exceed the sum of $3,000,000 equivalent
when added to any other outstanding amounts financed or proposed to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan for such Investment
Project.
3.    Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, to qualify for
obtaining a Sub-loan, an Investment Enterprise shall:
      (a)   demonstrate that the Investment Project for which the
Sub-loan is being requested shall:
            (i)   be for activities in the industry, agriculture or
            service sectors with an effective rate of protection not
            to exceed 40%;
            (ii)  have a financial internal rate of return of not
            less than the annual interest rate to be charged to the
            Investment Enterprise on the Sub-loan;
            (iii) generate incremental value added through an annual
            stream of estimated sales revenues on a demonstrated
            sustainable basis; and
            (iv)  be in compliance with the Borrower's environmental
            guidelines and regulations.
      (b)   undertake to finance from its own resources at least 30%
of its total cost, including land to be acquired for the purposes of
the Investment Project.
Page  8
4.    (a)   When presenting a Sub-loan (other than a free-limit Sub-
loan) to the Bank for approval each of the Participating Banks shall
furnish to the Bank an application, in a form satisfactory to the
Bank, together with: (i) a description of the Investment Enterprise
and an appraisal of the Investment Project including a description
of the expenditures proposed to be financed out of the proceeds of
the Loan; (ii) the proposed terms and conditions of the Sub-loan,
including the schedule of amortization of the Sub-loan; (iii) an
environmental impact analysis of the Investment Project together
with a survey to identify existing adverse environmental impact and
proposed solutions to ameliorate such impact; and (iv) such other
information as the Bank shall reasonably request.
      (b)   Each request by a Participating Bank for authorization
to make withdrawals from the Loan Account in respect of a free-limit
Sub-loan shall contain: (i) a summary description of the Investment
Enterprise and of the Investment Project, including a description of
the expenditures proposed to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Loan; and (ii) the terms and conditions of the Sub-loan, including
the schedule of amortization therefor.
      (c)   Applications and requests made pursuant to the provi-
sions of sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of this paragraph shall be
presented to the Bank on or before September 30, 1994.
5.    Sub-loans shall be made on terms whereby each of the
Participating Banks shall obtain, by written contract with the
Investment Enterprise or by other appropriate legal means, rights
adequate to protect the interests of the Bank and such Participating
Bank, including, in the case of any Sub-loan the right to:
      (a)   require the Investment Enterprise to carry out and
operate the Investment Project with due diligence and efficiency and
in accordance with sound technical, financial, environmental and
managerial standards and to maintain adequate records;
      (b)   require that: (i) the goods, civil works and services to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be purchased at a
reasonable price, account being taken also of other relevant factors
such as, in the case of goods, time of delivery, reliability and
availability of maintenance facilities and spare parts therefor,
and, in the case of civil works and services, of their quality and
the competence of the parties rendering them; provided, however: (A)
that contracts estimated to cost the equivalent of $5,000,000 or
more shall be procured in accordance with Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines); and (B) that
with respect to all contracts estimated to cost the equivalent of
$5,000,000 or more, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply; and (ii) such goods,
civil works and services shall be used exclusively in the carrying
out of the Investment Project;
      (c)   inspect, by itself or jointly with representatives of
the Bank, if the Bank shall so request, such goods, works, plants
and constructions and installations, as the case may be, included in
the Investment Project the operation thereof, and any relevant
records and documents;
      (d)   require that: (i) the Investment Enterprise shall take
out and maintain with responsible insurers such insurance, against
such risks and in such amounts, as shall be consistent with sound
business practice; and (ii) without any limitation upon the fore-
going, such insurance shall cover hazards incident to the acquisi-
tion, transportation and delivery of goods financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan to the place of use or installation, any
indemnity thereunder to be made payable in a currency freely usable
by the Investment Enterprise to replace or repair such goods;
      (e)   obtain all such information as the Bank or such
Participating Bank shall reasonably request relating to the
foregoing and to the administration, operations and financial
Page  9
conditions of the Investment Enterprise and to the benefits to be
derived from the Investment Project; and
      (f)   suspend or terminate the right of the Investment
Enterprise to the use of the proceeds of the Loan upon failure by
such Investment Enterprise to perform its obligations under its
contract with such Participating Bank.
