Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3526 IND
              (Financial Sector Development Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                          BANK INDONESIA
                      Dated January 21, 1993
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3526 IND
                       BI PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated January 21, 1993, between INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and BANK INDONESIA
(BI).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Republic of Indonesia (the Borrower) and the Bank, the
Bank has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to three hundred seven million dollars
($307,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that BI agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a financial agreement to be entered into between the
Borrower and BI part of the proceeds of the Loan will be made
available to BI on the terms and conditions set forth in the BI
Financial Agreement; and
      WHEREAS BI, in consideration of the Bank's entering into the
Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the Preamble to this
Agreement and the General Conditions (as so defined) have the
respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) BI declares its commitment to the objectives
of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement,
and, to this end, shall carry out Part A of the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, central banking, technical, economic and
managerial practices, with qualified and experienced management
staff in adequate numbers and qualifications, and in accordance with
its Governing Law and the Banking Legislation, and shall provide, or
cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for such Part of the Project.
      (b) Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a) of
this Section, and except as the Bank and BI shall otherwise agree,
BI shall carry out Part A of the Project in accordance with the
Implementation Program set forth in the Schedule to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, in the
procurement of consultants' services required for Part A of the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan,  BI
shall employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms
and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank.
Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by The World
Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
      Section 2.03. BI shall duly perform all its obligations under
the BI Financial Agreement. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, BI shall not take or concur in any action which would have
the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the BI
Financial Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.04. BI shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.05, 9.06 and 9.07 of the General Conditions (relating to
use of goods and services, plans and schedules, and records and
reports, respectively) in respect of Part A of the Project.
      Section 2.05. (a) BI shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to the progress of Part A
of the Project, the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the BI Financial Agreement and other matters
relating to the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   BI shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition which
interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of the
Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Loan, or the
performance by BI of its obligations under this Agreement and under
the BI Financial Agreement, including the carrying out by each
Participating Bank of its Plan of Actions and Financing Plans,
and compliance by such Participating Bank with BI's Prudential
Banking Regulations, and in particular with those Regulations
relating to loan loss provisioning and minimum capital adequacy.
      Section 2.06. BI shall take all such actions as shall be
necessary to:
Page  3
            (a) supervise the financial performance of each
Participating Bank and its compliance with BI's Prudential Banking
Regulations, and in particular with those Regulations relating to
loan loss provisioning and minimum capital adequacy;
            (b) supervise the implementation by each Participating
Bank of its Plan of Actions, and shall require that each
Participating Bank carry out all measures necessary to comply with
its Plan of Actions; and
            (c) on March 31, 1993, March 31, 1994 and December 31,
1994, take all such actions as shall be necessary to allow each
Participating Bank to comply with its obligations under Section 2.02
(b) (i) of the Participating Banks Project Agreement relating to the
inclusion as Tier II Capital of the eligible amounts withdrawn and
outstanding of its Liquidity Credits on such dates.
      Section 2.07. On each Supervision Date, BI shall furnish to
the Borrower and the Bank supervision reports of such scope and in
such detail as the Bank shall have reasonably requested on: (a) the
compliance by each Participating Bank with its Plan of Actions and
BI's Prudential Banking Regulations, and in particular with those
Regulations relating to loan loss provisioning and minimum capital
adequacy; and (b) the status of the Financing Plans of each
Participating Bank.
      Section 2.08. By April 1, 1994, BI shall issue a Prudential
Banking Regulation, satisfactory to the Bank, providing that:
            (a) all banks established and operating in Indonesia
shall apply internationally accepted guidelines, satisfactory to the
Bank, in respect of the methodology to be used for computing loan
loss provisioning in calculating their Capital Adequacy; and
            (b) the Participating Banks shall achieve a minimum 8%
Capital Adequacy by not later than December 31, 1994, and all other
banks, by not later than March 31, 1996.
                            ARTICLE III
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) BI shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
the operations, resources and expenditures in respect of Part A of
the Project.
      (b)   BI shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the Bank;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than nine months after the end
                  of each such year, a certified copy of the report
                  of such audit by said auditors of such scope and
                  in such detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and audit
                  thereof, as the Bank shall from time to time
                  reasonably request.
                            ARTICLE IV
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
Page  4
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 4.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of BI thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the Loan
Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the Bank
shall promptly notify BI thereof.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                             ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable:                         Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                  197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D. C.          248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      For BI:
            Bank Indonesia
            Jl. M.H. Thamrin No. 2
            Jakarta Pusat, Indonesia
            Cable:                        Telex:
                  DELEGASI                      44164 BITMR IA
                  Jakarta, Indonesia
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of BI or by BI on behalf of the Borrower under
the Loan Agreement, may be taken or executed by its Managing
Director or by such other person or persons as BI shall designate in
writing, and BI shall furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of the
authority and the authenticated specimen signature of each such
person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all collec-
tively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
Page  5
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ Gautam Kaji
                                           Regional Vice President
                                             East Asia and Pacific
                  BANK INDONESIA
                  By /s/ Abdul Rachman Ramly
                                         Authorized Representative
                             SCHEDULE
                      Implementation Program
1.    Until the completion of the Project, BI shall retain the
services of at least one credit expert with qualifications and
experience satisfactory to the Bank.
2.    BI shall implement the technical assistance activities under
Part A of the Project in accordance with a time-table satisfactory
to the Bank.
3.    By March 31, 1993, BI shall prepare and furnish to the Bank,
for its approval, a proposed program for carrying out the training
activities under Part A of Project, and thereafter, implement such
training program in a manner satisfactory to the Bank.
