Page  1
                         NORWEGIAN GRANT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2070 SU
                                 Agreement
                                    for
                    the Administration of Certain Funds
                        to be made available by the
                     ROYAL MINISTRY OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS
                         OF THE KINGDOM OF NORWAY
            in Conjunction with the Khartoum - Port Sudan Road
                          Rehabilitation Project
                                  in the
                           REPUBLIC OF THE SUDAN
                          Dated December 14, 1990
                         NORWEGIAN GRANT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2070 SU
                                 AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated December 14, 1990, between the ROYAL MINISTRY OF
FOREIGN AFFAIRS OF THE KINGDOM OF NORWAY (Norway) and the INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) to provide for the administration
by the Association of certain funds to be made available by Norway to the
Republic of the Sudan (Sudan).
      WHEREAS (A) the Agreement dated October 2, 1986 between Norway and the
International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and the International
Development Association provides the framework for cofinancing of
development projects by the parties thereto;
      (B)   Norway wishes to make available to Sudan a grant in the amount
of six million Norwegian Kroner (NOK 6,000,000) (the Norwegian Grant) to
assist Sudan in financing the project (the Project) described in Schedule
2 to the Development Credit Agreement (Khartoum-Port Sudan Road
Rehabilitation) dated December 22, 1989 between Sudan and the Association
(the Development Credit Agreement);
      (C)   Norway wishes that the proceeds of the Norwegian Grant should
be incremental to the Credit extended by the Association to Sudan pursuant
to the Development Credit Agreement; and
      WHEREAS, the Association, at the request of Norway, has agreed to
administer the Norwegian Grant upon , the terms and conditions hereinafter
set forth;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                                 ARTICLE I
      Section 1.01. The Association, as Administrator on behalf of Norway,
shall enter into a Development Grant Agreement and such other agreements
with Sudan, as it may deem appropriate but consistent with the terms and
conditions of the Development Credit Agreement (excluding the debt service
provisions thereof) for the purpose of assisting in financing the Project.
Such agreements with Sudan shall, inter alia, provide that the proceeds of
the Norwegian Grant may be withdrawn by Sudan to finance the reasonable cost
of goods and services required for the Project and otherwise eligible for
financing under the Development Credit Agreement, and that the amounts to
be withdrawn need not be repaid and shall bear no interest or other charges.
A copy of each such agreement shall be furnished to Norway.
      Section 1.02. The Association, as Administrator on behalf of Norway,
shall have the sole responsibility for supervision of the Project.
      Section 1.03. The administration and enforcement of any provisions of
any agreement entered into between Sudan and the Association for the
purposes of this Agreement shall be handled solely by the Association, and
the Association specifically reserves the right, at its discretion and
without notice to Norway, to exercise, refrain from exercising or waive any
rights under such agreement or to modify any provision thereof, provided,
however, that before suspending the right of Sudan to make withdrawals of
funds under such agreement, the Association shall inform Norway and afford
Norway a reasonable opportunity for consultation with the Association.
      Section 1.04. The Association shall exercise the same care in the
discharge of its functions under this Agreement as it exercises with respect
to the administration and management of its own affairs and shall have no
further responsibility to Norway in respect thereof.
                                ARTICLE II
      Section 2.01. For the purpose of this Agreement, Norway shall deposit
an amount of six million Norwegian Kroner (NOK 6,000,000) in a trust account
with the Bank of Norway in the name of the Association (the Trust Account).
The funds in the Trust Account shall be freely exchangeable by the
Association with other currencies as may facilitate their administration.
      Section 2.02. The Association shall disburse from the Trust Account
such amounts as, from time to time, shall be needed to meet the reasonable
costs of goods and services financed or to be financed pursuant to Section
1.01 of this Agreement. Such disbursements shall be effected on the basis
of applications for withdrawal for eligible expenditures submitted by Sudan
to the Association in accordance with the Association' s normal disbursement
procedures for withdrawal and disbursement of proceeds of credits made by
the Association.
      Section 2.03. In order to assist in defraying the costs of
administration and other expenses incurred by the Association under this
Agreement, the Association may invest and reinvest the funds in the Trust
Account, pending their disbursement to Sudan, and may retain for its own
account the income from any such investment or reinvestment.
                                ARTICLE III
      Section 3.01. (a) The Association shall maintain separate records and
accounts in respect of the funds in the Trust Account and disbursed by the
Association pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, and the
Association shall furnish on a quarterly basis to Norway a statement of
account on such records and accounts; and
      (b)   the Association shall cause such accounts and records to be
audited and certified by the Association's external auditors for each fiscal
year that funds shall remain in the Trust Account and shall furnish the
report of such audit by said auditors to Norway.
                                ARTICLE IV
      Section 4.01. Norway and the Association shall consult from time to
time, at their mutual request, on all matters arising out of this Agreement.
Page  3
      Section 4.02. The Association shall keep Norway informed of the
progress of the Project. To that end, the Association shall furnish to
Norway all relevant progress, performance and assessment reports relating
to the Project.
      Section 4.03. The Association shall inform Norway of any forthcoming
major missions and meetings in connection with the Project and shall afford
representatives of Norway the opportunity to participate in such missions
and meetings.
      Section 4.04. The Association shall inform Norway of any proposed
significant modification to the Development Credit Agreement and shall
afford Norway a reasonable opportunity to exchange views with the
Association before effecting any such modification.
                                 ARTICLE V
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall become effective as of the date
first above written and, subject to the provisions of this Article, shall
continue in effect until all disbursements have been made from the Trust
Account to Sudan.
      Section 5.02. If at any time it appears to either party that the
purposes of this Agreement can no longer effectively, or appropriately, be
carried out, this Agreement may be terminated at the initiative of such
party after ninety (90) days' written notice to that effect.
      Section 5.03. Upon termination of this Agreement, unless the parties
agree on another course of action, any agreement or portion thereof entered
into by the Association, as Administrator on behalf of Norway, shall be
transferred to Norway, and any funds or other property of Norway held
hereunder by the Association shall be returned to Norway, and the
Association's administration shall be considered terminated.
      Section 5.04. Promptly after termination of this Agreement, the
Association shall furnish to Norway a final report and a financial statement
on the Trust Account, together with an opinion of the Association's external
auditors on such statement.
                                ARTICLE VI
      Section 6.01. This Agreement may be amended only by written agreement
of the parties hereto.
      Section 6.02. Any notice or request required, or permitted to be given
or made under this Agreement, and any agreement between the parties
contemplated by this Agreement, shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it shall be delivered
by hand, mail, telegram, cable or telex to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given, or made at such party's address hereinafter
specified, or at such other addresses as such party shall have designated
by notice to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For Norway:
            The Royal Ministry of Foreign Affairs
            P.O. Box 8114, Oslo Dep.
            0032 Oslo 1
            Norway
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  NORAD-N                       76548 NORAD-N
                  Oslo
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
Page  4
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                       197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA) or
                                                 64145 (WUI)
                                                 82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned duly authorized thereto, have
signed this Agreement.
                  ROYAL MINISTRY OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS OF THE
                        KINGDOM OF NORWAY
                  By /s/ Torild Skard
                                                Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Callisto E. Madavo
                                                Authorized Representative
