                                           CONFORMED COPY




                                     LOAN NUMBER 2891 IND




                    Loan Agreement




        (Railway Technical Assistance Project)


                        between


                 REPUBLIC OF INDONESIA




         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT




                 Dated January 7, 1988

                                     LOAN NUMBER 2891 IND

                    LOAN AGREEMENT

     AGREEMENT, dated January 7, 1988, between REPUBLIC
OF INDONESIA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).

     WHEREAS the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to
the feasibility and priority of the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has requested the Bank to
assist in the financing of the Project;

     WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Loan to the
Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement;

     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:

                       ARTICLE I

            General Conditions; Definitions

     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January
1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of
this Agreement.

     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions have
the respective meanings therein set forth and the
following additional term has the following meaning,
namely, "PJKA" means Perusahaan Jawatan Kereta Api, the
Borrower's State Railway established and operating under
Government Regulation No. 61 of 1971, and such term shall
include any successor or successors to which PJKA or any
substantial part thereof will have been transferred for
management or operation.

                        ARTICLE II

                         The Loan

     Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to   lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions   set forth or
referred to in the Loan Agreement, an   amount in various
currencies equivalent to twenty eight   million dollars
($28,000,000).

     Section 2.02. The amount of the Loan may be
withdrawn from the Loan Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for
expenditures made (or, if the Bank shall so agree, to be
made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and
services required for the Project described in Schedule
2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan.

      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30,
1992 or such later date as the Bank shall establish. The
Bank shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later
date.

     Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a
commitment charge at the rate of three-fourths of one
percent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of
the Loan not withdrawn from time to time.

     Section 2.05. (a) The Borrower shall pay interest on
the principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time at a rate per annum for
each Interest Period equal to one-half of one percent per
annum above the Cost of Qualified Borrowings for the last
Semester ending prior to the commencement of such
Interest Period.

     (b) As soon as practicable after the end of each
Semester, the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost
of Qualified Borrowings for such Semester.

     (c)   For purposes of this Section:

           (i)   "Interest Period" means the six-month
                 period commencing on each date specified
                 in Section 2.06 of this Agreement,
                 including the Interest Period in which
                 this Agreement is signed.

           (ii) "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the
                cost of the outstanding borrowings of the
                Bank drawn down after June 30, 1982,
                expressed as a percentage per annum, as
                reasonably determined by the Bank.
           (iii)      "Semester" means the first six
                      months or the second six months of a
                      calendar year.

      Section 2.06. Interest and other charges shall be
payable semiannually on January 15 and July 15 in each
year.
     Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal
amount of the Loan in accordance with the amortization
schedule set forth in Schedule 3 to this Agreement.

                        ARTICLE III

                 Execution of the Project

     Section 3.01. The Borrower declares its commitment
to the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule
2 to this Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out
the Project through PJKA with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, engineering, financial and railway
practices, and shall provide, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for the Project. The proceeds of the Loan shall be made
available to PJKA in the form of equity contributions.

     Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods and consultants' services
required for the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the provisions
of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.

     Section 3.03. The Borrower shall carry out, or cause
to be carried out, a program satisfactory to the Bank, to
reduce the number of employees of PJKA to about 41,000 by
March 31, 1991; and shall provide funds to PJKA for
payment of staff in excess of its requirements.

     Section 3.04. The Borrower shall prepare or cause to
be prepared, at least two months prior to the start of
the relevant budget year, a detailed training program
under the Project for training of PJKA staff,
satisfactory to the Bank.

     Section 3.05. The Borrower shall carry out a
program, satisfactory to the Bank, for the conversion of
PJKA into a "perusahaan umum" by March 31, 1989.

                        Article IV

                    Financial Covenants

     Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall cause PJKA to
maintain records and accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices the operations
and financial condition of PJKA.

     (b)   The Borrower shall cause PJKA to:

           (i)   have its records, accounts and financial
                 statements (balance sheets, statements of
                 income and expenses and related
                 statements) for each fiscal year audited,
                 in accordance with appropriate auditing
                 principles consistently applied, by
                 independent auditors acceptable to the
                 Bank;

           (ii) furnish to the Bank as soon as available,
                but in any case not later than nine
                months after the end of each such year:
                (A) certified copies of its financial
                statements for such year as so audited;
                and (B) the report of such audit by said
                auditors, of such scope and in such
                detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
                request.
          (iii)      Furnish to the Bank such other
                     information concerning such records,
                     accounts and financial statements
                     and the audit thereof as the Bank
                     shall from time to time reasonably
                     request.

     (c) For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on the basis
of statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:

          (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                accordance with paragraph (a) of this
                Section, records and accounts reflecting
                such expenditures;

          (ii) retain until at least one year after the
               Bank has received the audit report for
               the fiscal year in which the last
               withdrawal from the Loan Account was
               made, all records, (contracts, orders,
               invoices, bills, receipts and other
               documents) evidencing such expenditures;

          (iii)      enable the Bank's representatives to
                     examine such records; and

          (iv) ensure that such records and accounts are
               included in the annual audit referred to
               in paragraph (b) of this Section and that
               the report of such audit contains a
               separate opinion by said auditors as to
               whether the statements of expenditures
               submitted during such fiscal year,
               together with the procedures and internal
               controls involved in their preparation,
               can be relied upon to support the related
               withdrawals.

     Section 4.02. The Borrower shall take, or cause to
be taken all action necessary to enable PJKA to achieve
the operational and financial targets set out in Schedule
5 to this Agreement.

     Section 4.03. Until completion of the Project, the
Borrower shall, at least three months before the relevant
budget year, furnish, or cause to be furnished, to the
Bank for comment a draft of PJKA's annual investment
plan, and thereafter, the final plan.

                        ARTICLE V

                     Other Covenants

     Section 5.01. The Borrower shall cause PJKA:

     (a) to take out and maintain with responsible
insurers or to make other provision satisfactory to the
Bank for, insurance against such risks and in such
amounts as shall be consistent with appropriate practice;

     (b) to carry on its operations and conduct its
affairs in accordance with sound administrative,
engineering, financial, and railway practices under the
supervision of qualified and experienced management
assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers; and

     (c) at all times to operate and to maintain its
plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from
time to time, promptly as needed, to make all necessary
repairs and renewals thereof, all in accordance with
sound engineering, financial and railway practices.
                       ARTICLE VI

                  Remedies of the Bank

     Section 6.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (k) of the
General Conditions, the following additional event is
specified, namely, Government Regulation No. 61 of 1971
shall have been amended,
terminated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially
and
adversely the ability of PJKA to perform any of its
obligations
under this Agreement.

                       ARTICLE VII

                       Termination

     Section 7.01. The following event is specified as an
additional condition to the effectiveness of the Loan
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the
General Conditions, namely, that the contract to assist
in carrying out the Project shall have been signed with
a consulting firm in accordance with the provisions of
Section 3.02 of this Agreement.

     Section 7.02. The date ninety (90) days after the
date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the
purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.

                      ARTICLE VIII

        Representative of the Borrower; Addresses

     Section 8.01. The Minister of Finance of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower
for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.

     Section 8.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:

     For the Borrower:

           Minister of Finance
           c/o Director General for
              International Monetary Affairs
           Jalan Lapangan Banteng Timur 2-4
           Jakarta, Indonesia

           Cable address:             Telex:

                MINISTRY OF FINANCE            DJMLN JKT
45799
                Jakarta                  DJMDN JKT 46415
                                         DEPKEU JKT 44319

     For the Bank:

           International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
           1818 H Street, N.W.
           Washington, D.C. 20433
           United States of America

           Cable address:             Telex:

                INTBAFRAD                      440098 (ITT)
                Washington, D.C.               248423 (RCA)
or
                                           64145 (WUI)

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.



                 REPUBLIC OF INDONESIA



                 By /s/ Soesilo Soedarman
                                Authorized Representative



                 INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                      RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT



                 By /s/ A. Karaosmanoglu
                                  Regional Vice President
                                                     Asia

                          SCHEDULE 1

          Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the
allocation of the amounts of the Loan to each Category
and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:

                           Amount of the
                          Loan Allocated       % of
                          (Expressed in    Expenditures
     Category           Dollar Equivalent)to be Financed
(1)      Equipment and     14,700,000       100% of foreign
     materials                              expenditures; 95%
                                            of local expendi-
                                            tures (ex-
                                            factory cost);
                                            65% of local ex-
                                            penditures for
                                            other items pro-
                                            cured locally
(2)      Consultants'       8,800,000       100% of foreign
     services and                           expenditures
     training
(3)      Unallocated        4,500,000

         TOTAL             28,000,000
2.     For the purposes of this Schedule:

     (a) the term "foreign expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of any country other than
that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from
the territory of any country other than that of the
Borrower; and

     (b) the term "local expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for goods
or services supplied from the territory of the Borrower.
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made
for expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement.

                        SCHEDULE 2

              Description of the Project

     The objectives of the Project are to raise the
efficiency of PJKA's operations and maintenance, to
improve the utilization of existing fixed assets,
locomotives and rolling stock, and to strengthen its
marketing capacity.

     Subject to such modifications thereof as the
Borrower and the Bank may agree upon from time to time to
achieve such objectives, the Project consists of the
following:

     Strengthening PJKA in the areas of management
information, costing, procurement and inventory control,
train scheduling, and rationalization of mechanical and
track maintenance, by inter alia, providing technical
assistance, training of PJKA staff in all areas
(especially train operations, marketing and sales),
computer hardware and software, handling equipment, and
minor physical improvements to facilitate container and
inter modal traffic.

                         *   *   *

     The Project is expected to be completed by June 30,
1991.

                        SCHEDULE 3

                   Amortization Schedule

                                     Payment of Principal
Date Payment Due                          (expressed in
dollars)*

On each January 15 and July 15

     beginning July 15, 1993
     through   July 15, 2007                    935,000
On January 15, 2008                        885,000




____________________

*    The figures in this column represent dollar
     equivalents determined as of the respective dates
     of withdrawal. See General Conditions, Sections
     3.04 and 4.03.

                   Premium on Prepayment

     The following premiums are specified for the
purposes of Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions;

Time of Prepayment                   Premium
                               The interest rate
                               (expressed as a
                               percentage per annum)
                               applicable to the balance
                               outstanding on the Loan
                               on the day of prepayment
                               multiplied by:
Not more than three years                      0.15
     before maturity
More than three years but                      0.30
     not more than six years
     before maturity
More than six years but                        0.55
     not more than 11 years
     before maturity
More than 11 years but not                     0.80
     more than 16 years
     before maturity
More than 16 years but not                     0.90
     more than 18 years
     before maturity
More than 18 years before                      1.00
     maturity

                       SCHEDULE 4

          Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.   Procurement of Goods

Part A:    International Competitive Bidding

     Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I
and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985
(the Guidelines).

Part B:    Preference for Domestic Manufacturers

     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured
in Indonesia may be granted a margin of preference in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs
1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.

Part C:    Other Procurement Procedures

     Computer and data processing equipment up to an
aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent of
$2,500,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of comparison of price quotations solicited
from a list of at least three suppliers eligible under
the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable
to the Bank.

Part D:    Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions

1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:

     (a) With respect to each contract estimated to cost
the equivalent of $500,000 or more, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply.

     (b) With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply.

     (c) The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs
(a) (b) shall not apply to contracts on account of which
the Bank has authorized withdrawals from the Loan Account
on the basis of statements of expenditure. Such contracts
shall be retained in accordance with Section 4.01 (c)(ii)
of this Agreement.

2.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.

Section II. Employment of Consultants

     In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the
Project, the Borrower shall employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank. Such
consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank on the
basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by
World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing
Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.

                          SCHEDULE 5
        OPERATIONAL AND FINANCIAL TARGETS FOR PJKA

                      Operational Targets

                                          PJKA FY
                        88/89    89/90     90/91       91/92    92/93
1. Availability (%)

       a.   Loco (train)    80      82          84         85   85.5
       b.   Coaches         80      82          84         85   85.5
            (mainline)
       c.   Wagon           80      83          86         87   87.5
2. Utilization (Km/day)

       a.   Loco         340     360         390     400        410
       b.   Coaches      350     380         410     415        420
       c.   Wagon         50      65          80      85         90
3. Productivity

Net ton/train (freight) 200            250       280     300     310
Wagon Turn-round (days)   8              7         6       5     4.5

                       Financial Targets
PJKA
FY          Working Ratio          Operating Ratio
                 %                      %
1987/88          125                      147
1988/89          121                      142
1989/90          118                      140
1990/91          115                      133
1991/92          111                      132
