Page  1
                                                          CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2120 SLU
                      (Water Supply Project)
                              between
                             ST. LUCIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                       Dated April 24, 1990
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2120 SLU
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 24, 1990, between ST. LUCIA (the
Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Borrower has also requested the International Bank
for Reconstruction and Development (the Bank) to provide additional
assistance towards the financing of the Project and by an agreement
of even date herewith between the Borrower and the Bank (the Loan
Agreement), the Bank is agreeing to provide such assistance in an
aggregate principal amount equivalent to two million five hundred
thousand dollars ($2,500,000) (the Loan);
      (C)   the Borrower and the Association intend, to the extent
Page  2
practicable, that the proceeds of the Credit provided for in this
Agreement be disbursed on account of expenditures in respect of the
Project before disbursements of the proceeds of the Loan provided
for in the Loan Agreement are made;
      (D)   the Project will be carried out by the Water and
Sewerage Authority with the Borrower's assistance and, as part of
such assistance, the Borrower will make available to the Water and
Sewerage Authority the proceeds of the Credit as provided in this
Agreement and the proceeds of the Loan as provided in the Loan
Agreement;
      (E)   the Borrower intends to contract from the Canadian
International Development Agency (CIDA) a grant (the CIDA Grant) in
an amount equivalent to $19,300,000 to assist in financing the
Project on the terms and conditions set forth in an agreement (the
CIDA Grant Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower and
CIDA;
      (F)   the Borrower intends to contract from the Caribbean
Development Bank (CDB) a loan (the CDB Loan) in an amount equivalent
to $7,300,000 to assist in financing the Project on the terms and
conditions set forth in an agreement (the CDB Loan Agreement) to be
entered into between the Borrower and CDB;
      (G)   the Borrower intends to contract from the OPEC Fund
(OPEC) a loan (the OPEC Loan) in an amount equivalent to $2,000,000
to assist in financing the Project on the terms and conditions set
forth in an agreement (the OPEC Loan Agreement) to be entered into
between the Borrower and OPEC; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Project
Agreement of even date herewith among the Association, the Bank and
the Water and Sewerage Authority;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Loan Agreement" means the agreement of even date here-
with between the Borrower and the Bank for the Project, as such
agreement may be amended from time to time; and such term includes
the "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and Guarantee Agreements"
of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, as applied to such agreement,
and all schedules and agreements supplemental to the Loan Agreement;
      (b)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (c)   "Project Agreement" means the agreement among the
Association, the Bank and WASA (as hereinafter defined) of even date
herewith, as the same may be amended from time to time, and such
term includes all schedules and agreements supplemental to the
Project Agreement;
      (d)   "Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement to be
entered into between the Borrower and WASA (as hereinafter defined)
pursuant to Section 3.01 (c) of this Agreement, as the same may be
Page  3
amended from time to time, and such term includes all schedules to
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
      (e)   "WASA" means the Water and Sewerage Authority, a body
corporate established and operating under the Borrower's Water and
Sewerage Authority Act, 1984;
      (f)   "PMU" means WASA's Project Management Unit referred to
in Section 3.07 of the Project Agreement;
      (g)   "Fiscal Year" means January 1 through December 31; and
      (h)   "Environmental and Resettlement Plan" means the plan of
action to carry out Part A.6 of the Project, including the
guidelines for directing the process of mobilization, resettlement,
rehabilitation, compensation, and environmental protection, and a
detailed schedule for implementation, furnished to the Association
on February 21, 1990.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to four million Special Drawing Rights (SDR 4,000,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in the
National Commercial Bank in St. Lucia on terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Association, including appropriate protection
against set-off, seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments
out of, the Special Account shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be March 31, 1996, or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next date in that year specified in
Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
Page  4
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one per cent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on February 1 and August 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each February 1 and August 1
commencing August 1, 2000 and ending February 1, 2025. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on February 1,
2010 shall be one and one-fourth percent (1-1/4%) of such principal
amount, and each installment thereafter shall be two and one-half
percent (2-1/2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out Part A.6 of the Project
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, public utility and environmental
practices, and shall provide, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   Without any limitation or restriction upon any of its
other obligations under this Agreement, the Borrower shall cause
WASA to perform in accordance with the provisions of the Project
Agreement all the obligations of WASA therein set forth, shall take
and cause to be taken all action, including the provision of funds,
facilities, services and other resources, necessary or appropriate
to enable WASA to perform such obligations, and shall not take or
permit to be taken any action which would prevent or interfere with
such performance.
      (c)   The Borrower shall relend the proceeds of the Credit to
WASA under a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into between
the Borrower and WASA, under terms and conditions which shall have
Page  5
been approved by the Association which shall include a term of 17
years (including 4 years grace), an interest rate of 8% per annum,
and denomination of proceeds in East Caribbean Dollars.
      (d)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement in such manner as to protect the interests
of the Borrower and the Association and to accomplish the purposes
of the Credit, and except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
the Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Project
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower and the Association hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of Part
A.6 of the Project shall be carried out by the Borrower, and in
respect of the remaining Parts of the Project by WASA pursuant to
Section 2.03 of the Project Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain separate records
and accounts adequate to reflect, in accordance with sound
accounting practices, all resources and expenditures in respect of
Part A.6 of the Project.
      (b)  The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section (including the
                  Special Account) for each Fiscal Year audited, in
                  accordance with appropriate auditing principles
                  consistently applied, by independent auditors
                  acceptable to the Association;
            (ii)  furnish to the Association as soon as available
                  but in any case not later than seven months after
                  the end of each such year the report of such
                  audit by said auditors, of such scope and in such
                  detail as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
            (iii) furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts and the
                  audit thereof, as the Association shall from time
                  to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditures, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, separate
                  records and accounts reflecting such
                  expenditures;
            (ii)  retain, or cause to be retained, until at least
                  one year after the Bank has received the audit
                  report for the Fiscal Year in which the last
                  withdrawal from the Credit Account was made, all
                  records (contracts, orders, invoices, bills,
                  receipts and other documents) evidencing such
                  expenditures;
Page  6
            (iii) enable the Bank's representatives to examine such
                  records; and
            (iv)  ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit (beginning with the audit covering
                  Fiscal Year 1990) contains a separate opinion by
                  said auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditures submitted during such Fiscal Year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied on to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                          Other Covenants
      Section 5.01. The Borrower shall:
      (a)   Establish or cause to be established, by December 31,
1991, a mechanism for setting WASA's water and sewerage tariffs at
levels which will enable WASA to finance its operations, meet its
debt service obligations, cover cash needs to fund investments, and
obtain a reasonable rate of return on investments.
      (b)   Assist WASA with the acquisition of land or rights of
way required for the Project.
      (c)   Allow the importation of labor of any type by civil
works construction contractors, in accordance with the Borrower's
laws and regulations, for the purpose of implementing the Project.
      (d)   Beginning one month after the opening of dam
construction bids, and every twelve months after such beginning
date, prepare and furnish to the Association for approval a detailed
investment and financing plan for carrying out the Project during
the following twelve months.
      Section 5.02. The Borrower shall, in accordance with the
Environmental and Resettlement Plan satisfactory to the Association,
and revisable from time to time as required subject to Association
approval:
      (a)   Carry out relocation of families as required for the
Project;
      (b)   Carry out reforestation of certain land as required for
the Project; and
      (c)   Carry out health and environmental measures required in
conjunction with the Project to control and eradicate
schistosomiasis (bilharzia) and protect wildlife.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 6.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)    WASA shall have failed to perform any of the
obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (b)   As a result of events which have occurred after the date
of this Agreement, an extraordinary situation shall have arisen
which shall make it improbable that WASA will be able to perform its
obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (c)   The Water and Sewerage Authority Act, 1984 of the
Borrower shall have been amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or
Page  7
wavied so as to affect materially and adversely the ability of WASA
to perform any of its obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (d)   The Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment
of WASA or for the suspension of its operations.
      (e)   (i)   Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph:
                  (A)   The right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                        proceeds of the CIDA Grant or any of the
                        CDB Loan or the OPEC Loan  made to the
                        Borrower for the financing of the Project
                        shall have been suspended, cancelled or
                        terminated in whole or in part, pursuant to
                        the terms of the CIDA Grant Agreement, the
                        CDB Loan Agreement or the OPEC Loan
                        Agreement, respectively; or
                  (B)   any such Grant or Loan shall have become
                        due and payable prior to the agreed
                        maturity thereof.
            (ii)  Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not
                  apply if the Borrower establishes to the
                  satisfaction of the Association that: (A) such
                  suspension, cancellation, termination or
                  prematuring is not caused by the failure of the
                  Borrower to perform any of its obligations under
                  such agreements; and (B) adequate funds for the
                  Project are available to the Borrower from other
                  sources on terms and conditions consistent with
                  the obligations of the Borrower under this
                  Agreement.
      (f)   The Borrower shall have failed to make payment of
principal, interest, service charge or any other amount due to CDB,
or to the Association as assignee thereof, under a loan or credit
from CDB the proceeds of which were originally given to CDB by the
Association or the Bank.
      Section 6.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   the event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 6.01 of
this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of 60
days after notice thereof shall have been given by the Association
to the Borrower;
      (b)   any event specified in paragraphs (c), (d) and (f) of
Section 6.01 of this Agreement shall occur; and
      (c)   the event specified in paragraph (e) (i) (B) of Section
6.01 of this Agreement shall occur, subject to the proviso of
paragraph (e) (ii) of that Section.
                           ARTICLE VII
                   Effective Date; Termination
      Section 7.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   that the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been executed on
behalf of the Borrower and WASA;
      (b)   that all conditions precedent to the withdrawal of the
proceeds of the CIDA Grant, the CDB Loan and OPEC Loan have been
fulfilled; and
      (c)   that all conditions precedent to the effectiveness of
Page  8
the Loan Agreement have been fulfilled, other than those related to
the effectiveness of this Agreement.
      Section 7.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association:
      (a)   that the Project Agreement has been duly authorized or
ratified by WASA, and is legally binding upon WASA in accordance
with its terms; and
      (b)   that the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by the Borrower and WASA and is legally
binding upon the Borrower and WASA in accordance with its terms.
      Section 7.03. The date July 24, 1990 is hereby specified for
the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.04. The obligations of the Borrower under Articles
III, IV and V of this Agreement shall cease and determine on the
date on which the Development Credit Agreement shall terminate or on
the date seventeen (17) years after the date of this Agreement,
whichever shall be the earlier.
                           ARTICLE VIII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 8.01. The Minister of Planning, Personnel,
Establishment and Training of the Borrower is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of
the General Conditions.
      Section 8.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Planning, Personnel,
              Establishment and Training
            Government of St. Lucia
            New Government Building
            Castries, St. Lucia
            Telecopy:                     Telex:
                  809-4522506               6243LC PMSLU
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                    440098 (ITT)
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA) or
                                              64145 (WUI)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  ST. LUCIA
Page  9
                  By /s/ John Compton
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Shahid Hussain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                             SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
                          and of the Loan
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit and of the Loan, the
allocation of the amounts of the Credit and of the Loan to each
Category and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                 Amount           Amount
                 of the           of the
                 Credit           Loan           % of
                Allocated        Allocated      Expendi-
              (Expressed       (Expressed       tures
                 in SDR          in Dollar      to be
Category       Equivalent)       Equivalent)    Financed
(1) Civil        1,200,000        500,000       60%
    works
    under
    Parts A.2,
    A.3 and
    A.5 of the
    Project
(2) Material     1,800,000        800,000       100% of foreign
    and equip-                                  expenditures
    ment under                                  (CIF), and 60%
    Parts A.2,                                  of local ex-
    A.3, A.5 and                                penditures (if
    B of the                                    procured locally)
    Project
                    Amount           Amount
                    of the           of the
                    Credit           Loan          % of
                   Allocated        Allocated     Expendi-
                 (Expressed       (Expressed      ditures
                    in SDR          in Dollar      to be
Category          Equivalent)       Equivalent)   Financed
(3) Consul-          1,000,000      1,000,000     100%
    tants'
    services
    and train-
    ing programs
(4) Amounts due          0            200,000     100%
    for interest
    on Loan
    until date,
    confirmed by
Page  10
    the Asso-
    ciation, of
    completion of
    physical
    facilities,
    or until
    January 31, 1996,
    whichever is
    earlier
      TOTAL        4,000,000        2,500,000
                   =========        =========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower; and
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower; provided, however, that if the currency
of the Borrower is also that of another country from the territory
of which goods or services are supplied, expenditures in such
currency for such goods or services shall be deemed to be "foreign
expenditures".
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made: (a) in respect of payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement, except that
withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not exceeding the equivalent of
SDR 0.16 million, may be made on account of payments made for
expenditures before that date but after August 1, 1989; and
(b) subsequent to a plan, specified in Section 5.01 (d) of this
Agreement, in respect of payments made for expenditures for any
goods, works, or services to be financed from the proceeds of the
Credit unless such goods, works, or services are included in such
plan approved by the Association.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                   Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to promote the reliability,
quantity and quality of water supply in Castries and the Northwest
region of St. Lucia, and to strengthen the institutional and
financial performance of WASA.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Roseau Dam Water Supply Scheme
1.    Construction of a concrete-faced rockfill dam and reservoir in
the upper reaches of the Roseau river.
2.    Construction of a raw water pumping station at the foot of the
Roseau dam.
3.    Construction of a water treatment plant at Ciceron.
4.    Construction of raw water and treated water conveyance
systems.
5.    Carrying out of infrastructure works associated with the dam
construction, including:
      (a)   construction of an access road to the dam site;
Page  11
      (b)   upgrading of an existing road at Millet; and
      (c)   provision of power transmission to the dam site.
6.    Carrying out of environmental and resettlement programs,
including control of schistosomiasis, family relocation, and
reforestation of the affected areas associated with the dam
construction.
Part B:     Equipment Purchase for WASA
      Acquisition and utilization of equipment for WASA such as
computer hardware and software for WASA financial management
purposes, leak detection equipment, water meters, communication and
telemetry equipment, vehicles for reservoir inspection, and
miscellaneous workshop tools.
Part C:     Technical Assistance and Training for WASA
1.    Implementation of improved financial management information
systems for WASA.
2.    Undertaking a revaluation of WASA's fixed assets.
3.    Undertaking a study to evaluate and modify WASA's sewerage
tariffs, connection fees, and other charges.
4.    Improving WASA's engineering, operation, and maintenance
activities through suitable cooperative programs with another water
and sewerage utility.
5.    Implementing training programs for WASA personnel through
internal courses, seminars, and fellowships.
Part D:     Project Management and Administration
      Establishment and maintenance of the PMU.
                           *   *   *   *
The Project is expected to be completed by September 30, 1995.
                             SCHEDULE 3
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means all Categories set
forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement,
except for Category (4);
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation"  means an amount
equivalent to $500,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
Page  12
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                  requests for deposits into the Special Account at
                  such intervals as the Association shall specify.
            (ii)  Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                  by said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions, shall equal the
equivalent of $1,000,000, twice the amount of the Authorized
Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to
the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the
Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the Association
may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account (or, if the
Association shall so request, refund to the Association) an amount
Page  13
equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so
eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise agree,
no further deposit by the Association into the Special Account shall
be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence or made such
deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
