Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2120 SLU
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3184 SLU
                      (Water Supply Project)
                               among
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                   WATER AND SEWERAGE AUTHORITY
                            (St. Lucia)
                       Dated April 24, 1990
                                              CREDIT NUMBER 2120 SLU
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3184 SLU
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 24, 1990, among INTERNATIONAL DEVELOP-
MENT ASSOCIATION (the Association), INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTR-
UCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and WATER AND SEWERAGE AUTHORITY
(WASA).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between St. Lucia (the Borrower) and the Association, the
Association has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount
in various currencies equivalent to four million Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 4,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition that WASA agree
to undertake such obligations toward the Association as are set
forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Borrower and the Bank, the Bank has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to two million
Page  2
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000), on the terms and
conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition
that WASA agree to undertake such obligations toward the Bank as are
set forth in this Agreement;
      (C)   by a Subsidiary Loan Agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and WASA, the proceeds of the credit provided
for under the Development Credit Agreement and the proceeds of the
loan provided for under the Loan Agreement will be made available to
WASA on the terms and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan
Agreement; and
      WHEREAS WASA, in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, and the
Bank's entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has
agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the Loan
Agreement, the Preamble to this Agreement and in the General
Conditions (as so defined in the Development Credit Agreement and
the Loan Agreement, respectively) have the respective meanings
therein set forth and, wherever used in this Agreement (except in
Section 6.04 hereof), reference to the Association, the Credit or
the Credit Account shall also be deemed as reference to the Bank,
the Loan or the Loan Account, respectively.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. WASA declares its commitment to the objectives
of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project (except
Part A.6) with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial, engineering and public
utility practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for the Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
and the Loan shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. WASA shall carry out the obligations set forth
in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General
Conditions applicable to the Development Credit Agreement and in
Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General
Conditions applicable to the Loan Agreement (relating to insurance,
use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the
Project Agreement.
      Section 2.04. WASA shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, WASA shall not take or concur in any action which
would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) WASA shall, at the request of the Associa-
tion, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of the Project, the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other
matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
Page  3
      (b)   WASA shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Credit, or the performance by WASA of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                 Management and Operations of WASA
      Section 3.01. WASA shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial,
environmental, engineering and public utility practices under the
supervision of qualified and experienced management assisted by
competent staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. WASA shall at all times operate and maintain its
plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, environmental
financial and public utility practices.
      Section 3.03. WASA shall take out and maintain with respon-
sible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Association for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as
shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
      Section 3.04. WASA shall at all times maintain its existence
and right to carry on its operations and shall, except as the
Association shall otherwise agree, take all necessary steps that are
required to acquire, maintain and renew all rights, powers,
privileges and franchises which are necessary or useful in the
conduct of its business.
      Section 3.05. Except as WASA and the Association shall
otherwise agree, WASA shall not sell, lease, transfer or otherwise
dispose of its property or assets which shall be required for the
efficient operation of its business, including the Project.
      Section 3.06. WASA shall carry out an institutional improve-
ments action plan satisfactory to the Association, provided by WASA
to the Association on February 20, 1990, within the timeframe
specified therein. Such Plan may be revised as required from time to
time subject to Association approval.
      Section 3.07. WASA shall establish the PMU within WASA, to be
maintained throughout the duration of the Project and staffed in a
manner satisfactory to the Association. The PMU shall be responsible
for implementing the Project and shall be headed by a Project
Director and staffed, inter alia, by an accountant and, as required,
either public relations experts or a public relations agency.
      Section 3.08. WASA shall submit to the Association semi-annual
reports of such scope and detail as the Association shall reasonably
request (due February 28 and August 31 of each year for the
preceding six months ending December 31 and June 30, respectively)
on the progress of Project implementation, starting with the
progress report for the six months ending June 30, 1990.
      Section 3.09. (a) WASA shall, until completion of the Project,
maintain a qualified and experienced board of consultants respon-
sible for verifying, through periodic visits to the Project site,
the appropriateness of the detailed design and construction methods
of the dam and related infrastructure works to be carried out under
Part A of the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation to or restrictions upon provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section, Sections 2.01 and 3.02 of this
Agreement, Section 9.08 of the General Conditions applicable to the
Loan Agreement, and Section 9.07 of the General Conditions ap-
plicable to the Credit Agreement, WASA shall, under arrangements
Page  4
satisfactory to the Association, cause the dam and related in-
frastructure works constructed under the Project to be periodically
inspected in accordance with sound engineering practices in order to
determine whether there are any deficiencies in such dam or works or
in the quality and adequacy of maintenance or methods of operations
of the same, which may endanger their safety. To this end WASA shall
propose to the Association appropriate arrangements for the
Association's review not later than one year before the expected
completion of each such dam and related infrastructure works, with
respect to post-construction inspection and operation.
      Section 3.10. WASA shall not increase the number of its staff
(other than the staff required for implementation of WASA's sewerage
development program), over the levels set forth in the plan referred
to in Section 3.06 of this Agreement, by more than 5% by the end of
1992 nor by more than 10% by the end of 1995.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) WASA shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition, including separate records
and accounts adequate to reflect all resources and expenditures in
respect of the Project (other than Part A.6).
      (b)   WASA shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts, and financial state-
                  ments (balance sheets, statements of income and
                  expenses and related statements) for each Fiscal
                  Year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the Associa-
                  tion;
            (ii)  furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than five months after
                  the end of each such year: (A) certified copies
                  of its financial statements for such year as so
                  audited; and (B) the report of such audit by said
                  auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Association shall have reasonably requested; and
            (iii) furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditures, WASA shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, separate
                  records and accounts reflecting such expendi-
                  tures;
            (ii)  retain, or cause to be retained, until at least
                  one year after the Bank has received the audit
                  report for the Fiscal Year in which the last
                  withdrawal from the Credit Account was made, all
                  records (contracts, orders, invoices, bills,
                  receipts and other documents) evidencing such
                  expenditures;
            (iii) enable the Bank's representatives to examine such
                  records; and
            (iv)  ensure that such records and accounts are includ-
Page  5
                  ed in the annual audit referred to in paragraph
                  (b) of this Section and that the report of such
                  audit (beginning with the audit covering Fiscal
                  Year 1990) contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of expendi-
                  ture submitted during such Fiscal Year, together
                  with the procedures and internal controls in-
                  volved in their preparation, can be relied on to
                  support the related withdrawals.
      Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, WASA shall produce for each of its Fiscal Years total
operating revenues sufficient to cover the sum of: (i) total working
expenses; (ii) debt service requirements; and (iii) adequate
contribution to WASA capital expenditures.
      (b)   Before June 30 in each of its Fiscal Years, WASA shall,
on the basis of forecasts prepared by WASA in a manner satisfactory
to the Association, review whether it would meet the requirements
set forth in paragraph (a) (i) through (iii) of this Section in
respect of the next two following Fiscal Years and shall furnish to
the Association a copy of such review upon its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that WASA would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) (i) through (iii) of this
Section for WASA's Fiscal Years covered by such review, WASA shall
promptly take all such measures as shall be necessary or advisable
(including, without limitation, adjustments of the structure or
levels of its water and sewerage tariffs) in order to secure
fulfillment of such requirements.
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "capital expenditures" means all expen-
                  ditures incurred on account of fixed assets,
                  including interests charged to construction,
                  related to all operations.
            (ii)  "Adequate contribution to WASA capital expendi-
                  tures" shall be the amount required for each
                  Fiscal Year to meet capital expenditures as
                  defined in paragraph (d) (i) of this Section.
           (iii)  The term "total operating revenues" means reve-
                  nues from all sources related to operations.
            (iv)  The term "total working expenses" means all
                  expenses related to operations, including admin-
                  istration, adequate maintenance, taxes and pay-
                  ments in lieu of taxes, but excluding interest
                  and other charges on debt.
            (v)   The term "debt service requirements" means the
                  aggregate amount of repayments (including sinking
                  fund payments, if any) of, and interest and other
                  charges on, all WASA debt.
            (vi)  Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                  shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                  currency of the Borrower, debt payable in another
                  currency, such valuation shall be made on the
                  basis of the prevailing lawful rate of exchange
                  at which such other currency is, at the time of
                  such valuation, obtainable for the purpose of
                  servicing such debt, or, in the absence of such
                  rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange accept-
                  able to the Bank.
      Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, WASA shall maintain, for each of its Fiscal Years the
following ratios of total working expenses to total operating
revenues:
Page  6
      (i)   not higher than 0.75 through the end of fiscal year
            1992; and
      (ii)  not higher than 0.70 thereafter.
      (b)   Before June 30 in each of its Fiscal Years, WASA shall,
on the basis of forecasts prepared by WASA and satisfactory to the
Association, review whether it would meet the requirements set forth
in paragraph (a) in respect of the next two following Fiscal Years,
and shall furnish to the Association the results of such review upon
its completion.
      (c)   If any review shows that WASA would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for WASA's Fiscal Years
covered by such review, WASA shall promptly take all such measures
as shall be necessary or advisable (including, without limitation,
adjustments of the structure or levels of its water and sewerage
tariffs) in order to secure fulfillment of such requirements.
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "total working expenses" is defined as
                  in Section 4.02 (d) (iv) of this Agreement.
            (ii)  The term "total operating revenues" is defined as
                  in Section 4.02 (d) (iii) of this Agreement.
      Section 4.04. Effective beginning from the start of fiscal
year 1990, WASA shall service all its outstanding debt obligations,
and shall over the period 1990 through the end of 1992, in accor-
dance with a time schedule satisfactory to the Association,
reimburse the Borrower for all payments previously made by the
Borrower on WASA's behalf.
      Section 4.05. WASA shall reduce its outstanding accounts
receivable for water supply to 110 days of billing by the end of
1990, 100 days of billing by the end of 1992, and 90 days of billing
by the end of 1994.
      Section 4.06. By the end of 1991, WASA shall reduce the amount
it owes the St. Lucia Power Company (LUCELEC) to no more than the
equivalent of 60 days of WASA's electricity consumption.
      Section 4.07. By the end of 1991, WASA shall apply a water-
based sewerage tariff, which tariff shall be the one recommended in
a medium-term sewerage tariff study to be undertaken under Part C.3
of the Project.
      Section 4.08. By June 30, 1990, WASA shall carry out a
revaluation of its fixed assets based on a methodology satisfactory
to the Association. WASA shall incorporate the results of such
revaluation in its financial statements for Fiscal Year 1991.
      Section 4.09. By June 30, 1991, WASA shall introduce an in-
house computerized accounting system as recommended in a 1988
computing feasibility study prepared for WASA by the Wessex Water
Authority, U.K.
      Section 4.10. (a) Except after prior approval by the
Association, WASA shall not, in any Fiscal Year, incur any debt
exceeding the aggregate for any such year of one million dollars
($1,000,000) equivalent.
      (b)   For purposes of this Section:
            (i)   Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under a
                  loan contract or agreement or other instrument
                  providing for such debt or for the modification
                  of its terms of payment on the date of such
                  contract, agreement, or instrument; and (B) under
                  a guarantee agreement, on the date the agreement
                  providing for such guarantee has been entered
Page  7
                  into.
            (ii)  Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                  shall be necessary to value, in terms of dollars,
                  debt payable in another currency, such valuation
                  shall be made on the basis of a rate of exchange
                  acceptable to the Association which prevailed on
                  the date such debt was incurred.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which both the Development Credit Agreement and the
Loan Agreement become effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of WASA thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of
the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which both the Development Credit
                  Agreement and the Loan Agreement shall terminate
                  in accordance with their terms; or
            (ii)  the date 17 years after the date of this Agree-
                  ment.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement or the Loan
Agreement or both of said Agreements terminate in accordance with
their terms before the date specified in paragraph (a) (ii) of this
Section, the Association shall promptly notify WASA of this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions applicable to the
Development Credit Agreement or the Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   440098 (ITT)
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA) or
                                             64145 (WUI)
       For WASA:
            P.O. Box 1481
            Castries,
            St. Lucia, W.I.
Page  8
                                          Telex:
                                            6241 WATER LC.
                                          Telefax:
                                            809 4526844
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of WASA, may be taken or executed jointly by the
Chairman and the General Manager of WASA or such other person or
persons as they shall jointly designate in writing, and WASA shall
furnish to the Association sufficient evidence of the authority and
the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      Section 6.04. As long as the Bank has not given notice to the
contrary to WASA and so long as the Development Credit Agreement
shall not have terminated prior to the termination of the Loan
Agreement:
      (a)   the obligations of WASA to consult with, and to furnish
information, documents, plans, reports, records and statements to,
the Bank shall be satisfied to the extent performance in respect of
such obligations is rendered to the Association;
      (b)   the obligations of the Bank to consult with, and to
furnish information to, WASA shall be satisfied to the extent such
obligations are fulfilled by the Association; and
      (c)   all actions taken (including the giving of approvals or
granting of waivers) by the Association pursuant to the Development
Credit Agreement shall be deemed to be taken pursuant to both the
Development Credit Agreement and the Loan Agreement, and in the name
and on behalf of both the Association and the Bank.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
            INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
            By /s/ Shahid Hussain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
            WASA
            By /s/ Ausbert d'Auvergne
                                         Authorized Representative
                             SCHEDULE 1
                            Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:   Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
Page  9
      Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in St. Lucia may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Civil works estimated to cost less than the equivalent of
$500,000, and equipment and material costing less than the
equivalent of $50,000, up to a joint aggregate amount not to exceed
the equivalent of $900,000, may be procured under contracts awarded
on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.    Civil works, or equipment and material estimated to cost less
than the equivalent of $25,000 per contract, up to an aggregate
amount not to exceed the equivalent of $0.3 million, may be procured
under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations solicited from a list of at least three suppliers from
countries eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Association.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for civil works estimated
to cost the equivalent of $100,000 or more, as well as with respect
to each equipment and material contract costing $25,000 or more, the
procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be
made out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be modified
to ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract required to
be furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d)
shall be furnished to the Association prior to the making of the
first payment out of the Special Account in respect of such
contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit
Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding sub-paragraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Association has
authorized withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditures.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist WASA and the Borrower in carrying out the
Project, WASA shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected
in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Page  10
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consul-
tants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing
Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981. In the case of
consultant contracts involving engineering, supervision and project
management services, however, sole-sourcing of consultants may be
allowed, if requested by the Borrower, if such allowance would
facilitate use of the same qualified consultants as are used to
perform parts of the Project financed at least in part by CIDA, CDB
and/or OPEC.
