Page  1
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2084 TON
             Development Credit Agreement
        (Second Tonga Development Bank Project)
                        between
                   KINGDOM OF TONGA
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  Dated March 7, 1990
                                 CREDIT NUMBER 2084 TON
             DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated March 7, 1990, between KINGDOM OF
TONGA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association).
     WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as
to the feasibility and priority of the Project described
in Schedule 1 to this Agreement, has requested the
Association to assist in the financing of the Project;
     (B)  the Project will be carried out by Tonga
Development Bank (TDB) with the Borrower's assistance
and, as part of such assistance, the Borrower will make
available to TDB the proceeds of the Credit as provided
in this Agreement;
     (C)  the Borrower intends to obtain from the Asian
Development Bank (the ADB) a loan (the ADB Loan) from the
ADB's Special Funds resources in various currencies
equivalent to three million nine hundred sixty thousand
Special Drawing Rights (SDR 3,960,000) to assist in
financing the Project on the terms and conditions to be
set forth in an agreement between the Borrower and the
ADB (the ADB Loan Agreement);
     (D)  the Borrower also intends to obtain from the
ADB a technical assistance grant (the ADB Grant) up to
the equivalent of three hundred twenty-eight thousand
dollars ($328,000) to assist in financing the Project on
the terms and conditions to be set forth in an agreement
among the Borrower, TDB and the ADB (the ADB Technical
Assistance Agreement);
     (E)  the ADB intends to enter into an agreement with
TDB for the purpose of carrying out the Project (the ADB
Project Agreement); and
     (F)  the ADB and the Association intend to enter
Page  2
into an agreement, a copy of which agreement will be
furnished to the Borrower (the Administration Letter),
making arrangements for the ADB to process applications
for withdrawal of the proceeds of the financing to be
provided severally by the ADB and the Association and
regulating certain other matters of common interest in
connection with such financing; and
     WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis,
inter alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the
Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement and in the Project Agreement of even date
herewith between the association and TDB;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01, The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the modifications set forth in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement (the General Conditions)
constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions and
in the Preamble to this Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional
terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "Act" means the Tonga Development Bank Act 1977
(No. 3 of 1977) of the Borrower, as amended to the date
of this Agreement;
     (b)  "Micro lending" means the making by TDB of
loans of not more than T$1,000 at mandated interest rates
that do not allow TDB to recover fully all costs
associated with delivering, supervising and administering
such lending;
     (c)  "Micro loan" means any loan made by TDB under
its policy of micro lending;
     (d)  "Pa'anga" and "T$" mean the currency of the
Borrower;
     (e)  "Policy Statement" means the Statement of
Operating Policies as adopted and approved by the Board
of Directors of TDB on May 26, 1978, as amended from time
to time;
     (f)  "Project Agreement" means the agreement between
the Association and TDB of even date herewith, as the
same may be amended from time to time, and such term
includes all schedules and agreements supplemental to the
Project Agreement;
     (g)  "Qualified Enterprise" means an enterprise to
which TDB proposes to make or has made a Sub-loan;
     (h)  "Qualified Project" means a specific
development project to be carried out by a Qualified
Enterprise utilizing the proceeds of a Sub-loan;
     (i)  "Special Account" means the account referred to
in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
     (j)  "Sub-loan" means a loan made or proposed to be
made by TDB out of the proceeds of the Credit to a
Page  3
Qualified Enterprise for a Qualified Project;
     (k)  "free-limit Sub-loan" means a Sub-loan, as so
defined, which qualifies as a free-limit Sub-loan
pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 2 (b) of the
Schedule to the Project Agreement;
     (l)  "Subsidiary" means a company which is deemed to
be a subsidiary of TDB under the laws of the Borrower;
and
     (m)  "Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement
to be entered into between the Borrower and TDB pursuant
to Section 3.01 (b) of this Agreement, as the same may be
amended from time to time, and such term includes all
schedules to the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                      ARTICLE II
                      The Credit
     Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in this Agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent to two million four hundred
thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 2,400,000).
     Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be
withdrawn from the Credit Account for amounts paid (or,
if the Association shall so agree, amounts to be paid) by
TDB on account of Sub-loan disbursement under the Project
to the extent of 100% of TDB financing of Sub-loans;
provided, however, that no withdrawals shall be made:
          (i)  in respect of a Sub-loan unless the
               Sub-loan has been made in accordance with
               the procedures and on the terms and
               conditions set forth or referred to in
               the Schedule to the Project Agreement;
               and
          (ii) in respect of payments made for
               expenditures prior to the date of this
               Agreement.
     (b)  The Borrower may, for the purposes of the
Project, open and maintain in dollars a special account
in the Bank of Tonga on terms and conditions satisfactory
to the Association. Deposits into, and payments out of,
the Special Account shall be made in accordance with the
provisions specified by the Association.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31,
1993, or such later date as the Association shall
establish. The Association shall promptly notify the
Borrower and TDB of such later date.
     Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a commitment charge on the principal amount
of the Credit not withdrawn from time to time at a rate
to be set by the Association as of June 30 of each year,
but not to exceed the rate of one-half of one percent
(1/2 of 1%) per annum.
     (b)  The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from
the date sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the
accrual date) to the respective dates on which amounts
shall be withdrawn by the Borrower from the Credit
Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate set as of the
June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at
such other rates as may be set from time to time
thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a) above. The rate set
Page  4
as of June 30 in each year shall be applied from the next
date in that year specified in Section 2.06 of this
Agreement.
     (c)  The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at
such places as the Association shall reasonably request;
(ii) without restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in
the territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency
specified in this Agreement for the purposes of Section
4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other eligible
currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that
Section.
     Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a service charge at the rate of three-fourths
of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal
amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time
to time.
     Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges
shall be payable semiannually on March 1 and September 1
in each year.
     Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c)
below, the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Credit in semiannual installments payable on each
March 1 and September 1 commencing March 1, 2000 and
ending September 1, 2029. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on September 1, 2009
shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and
each installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of
such principal amount.
     (b)  Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national
product per capita, as determined by the Association,
shall have exceeded $790 in constant 1985 dollars for
five consecutive years, and (ii) the Bank shall consider
the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval
thereof by the Executive Directors of the Association and
after due consideration by them of the development of the
Borrower's economy, modify the terms of repayment of
installments under paragraph (a) above by requiring the
Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the
Borrower, the Association may revise such modification to
include, in lieu of some or all of the increase in the
amounts of such installments, the payment of interest at
an annual rate agreed with the Association on the
principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding
from time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the
Association, such revision shall not change the grant
element obtained under the above-mentioned repayment
modification.
     (c)  If, at any time after a modification of terms
pursuant to paragraph (b) above, the Association
determines that the Borrower's economic condition has
deteriorated significantly, the Association may, if so
requested by the Borrower, further modify the terms of
repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
     Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of
America is hereby specified for the purposes of Section
4.02 of the General Conditions.
     Section 2.09. TDB is designated as representative of
the Borrower for the purposes of taking any action
required or permitted to be taken under the provisions of
Page  5
Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Article V of the
General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE III
              Description of the Project;
             Use of Proceeds of the Credit
     Section 3.01 (a) The Borrower declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 1 to this Agreement, and, to this end,
without any limitation or restriction upon any of its
other obligations under this Agreement, shall cause TDB
to perform in accordance with the provisions of the
Project Agreement all the obligations of TDB therein set
forth, shall take or cause to be taken all action,
including the provisions of funds, facilities, services
and other resources, necessary or appropriate to enable
TDB to perform such obligations, and shall not take or
permit to be taken any action which would prevent or
interfere with such performance.
     (b)  The Borrower shall relend the proceeds of the
Credit to TDB under a subsidiary loan agreement to be
entered into between the Borrower and TDB, under terms
and conditions which shall have been approved by the
Association, which shall include the following: (i)
interest on the Subsidiary Loan shall be payable at the
rate applicable from time to time to loans drawn from the
ADB's ordinary capital resources, such rate being rounded
up to be nearest 0.5 percent; (ii) the Subsidiary Loan
shall be repaid over a period of fifteen years, including
a grace period of five years; and (iii) the foreign
exchange risk shall be borne by the Borrower.
     (c)  The Borrower shall exercise its rights under
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement in such a manner as to
protect the interests of the Borrower and the Association
and to accomplish the purposes of the Credit, and except
as the Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower
shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive the Subsidiary
Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
     (d)  Without any limitation or restriction upon
paragraph (a) of this Section, the Borrower shall, with
effect from January l, 1991, take the necessary measures
to compensate TDB for all costs associated with
delivering, supervising and administering micro loans
under TDB's micro lending operations.
     Section 3.02. The Borrower and the Association
hereby agree that the obligations set forth in Sections
9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) shall be
carried out by TDB pursuant to Section 2.03 of the
Project Agreement.
     Section 3.03. The Association may, by notice to the
Borrower, delegate to the ADB under an administration
letter, for the duration of such period as may be set
forth in the Administration Letter, any or all of its
functions and responsibilities under Articles II, III and
IV of this Agreement and the Borrower shall comply with
the provisions of the said Articles as if the ADB is
substituted for the Association therein. The obligations
of the Borrower to comply with said Articles II, III and
IV shall continue in force and effect notwithstanding any
termination or suspension of such delegated functions and
responsibilities to the ADB under the Administration
Letter.
Page  6
     Section 3.04. The Borrower shall:
     (a)  by December 31, 1990, furnish to the
Association for comments a draft interest rate policy by
which a marked-oriented, flexible interest rate structure
conducive to realizing positive, real deposit and lending
rates would be maintained in Tonga over the medium to
long term; and
     (b)  by March 31, 1991, cause the National Reserve
Bank of Tonga to implement such a policy taking into
account the Association's comments thereon.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) For all expenditures with respect
to which withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on
the basis of statements of expenditure, the Borrower
shall:
          (i)  maintain or cause to be maintained in
               accordance with sound accounting
               practices, records and accounts
               reflecting such expenditures;
          (ii) ensure that all records (contracts,
               orders, invoices, bills, receipts and
               other documents) evidencing such
               expenditures are retained until at least
               one year after the Association has
               received the audit report for the fiscal
               year in which the last withdrawal from
               the Credit Account was made;
         (iii) enable the Association's
               representatives to examine such
               records.
     (b)  The Borrower shall:
          (i)  have the records and accounts referred to
               in paragraph (a) (i) of this Section and
               those for the Special Account for each
               fiscal year audited, in accordance with
               appropriate auditing principles
               consistently applied, by independent
               auditors acceptable to the Association;
          (ii)  furnish to the Association as soon as
               available, but in any case not later than
               six months after the end of each such
               year the report of such audit by said
               auditors, of such scope and in such
               detail as the Association shall have
               reasonably requested, including a
               separate opinion by said auditors as to
               whether the statements of expenditure
               submitted during such fiscal year,
               together with the procedures and internal
               controls involved in their preparation,
               can be relied upon to support the related
               withdrawals; and
         (iii) furnish to the Association such
               other information concerning said
               records and accounts and the audit
               thereof as the Association shall
               from time to time reasonaby request.
Page  7
                       ARTICLE V
              Remedies of the Association
     Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  TDB shall have failed to perform any of its
obligations under the Project Agreement.
     (b)  As a result of events which have occurred after
the date of this Agreement, an extraordinary situation
shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that TDB
will be able to perform its obligations under the Project
Agreement.
     (c)  The Act shall have been amended, suspended,
abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially
and adversely the operations or financial condition of
TDB or its ability to perform any of its obligations
under the Project Agreement.
     (d)  The Borrower or any other authority having
jurisdiction shall have taken any action for the
dissolution or disestablishment of TDB or for the
suspension of its operations.
     (e)  (i)  Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this
               paragraph:
               (A)  The right of the Borrower to
                    withdraw the proceeds of the ADB
                    Loan or the ADB Grant shall have
                    been suspended, cancelled or
                    terminated in whole or in part,
                    pursuant to the terms of the ADB
                    Loan Agreement or the ADB Technical
                    Assistance Agreement; or
               (B)  The ADB Loan shall have become due
                    and payable prior to the agreed
                    maturity thereof.
          (ii) Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall
               not apply if the Borrower establishes to
               the satisfaction of the Association that:
               (A) such suspension, cancellation,
               termination or prematuring is not caused
               by the failure of the Borrower to perform
               any of its obligations under such
               agreement; and (B) adequate funds for the
               Project are available to the Borrower
               from other sources on terms and
               conditions consistent with the
               obligations of the Borrower under this
               Agreement.
     Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  the event specified in paragraph (a) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for
a period of sixty days after notice thereof shall have
been given by the Association to the Borrower and TDB;
     (b)  any event specified in paragraph (c) or (d) of
Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur; and
     (c)  the events specified in paragraph (e)(l)(B) of
Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur, subject to
Page  8
the proviso of paragraph (e)(ii) of that Section.
                      ARTICLE VI
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 6.01. The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of the
Development Credit Agreement within the meaning of
Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
     (a)  the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been executed
on behalf of the Borrower and TDB; and
     (b)  all the conditions precedent to the
effectiveness of the ADB Loan and the ADB Grant, other
than the conditions relating to the effectiveness of this
Agreement, shall have been fulfilled.
     Section 6.02. The following are specified as
additional matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02
(b) of the General Conditions, to be included in the
opinion or opinions to be furnished to the Association:
     (a)  that the Project Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by TDB, and is legally binding
upon TDB in accordance with its terms; and
     (b)  that the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been
duly authorized or ratified by the Borrower and TDB and
is legally binding upon the Borrower and TDB in
accordance with its terms.
     Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the
date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the
purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VII
       Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 7.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 of
this Agreement, the Minister of Finance of the Borrower
is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
     Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
          Ministry of Finance
          Vuna Road
          Nuku'alofa
          Kingdom of Tonga
          Cable address:           Telex:
               MINFIN                66277 MINFIN TS
               Tonga
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
Page  9
               INDEVAS               440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.      248423 (RCA) or
                                      64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representative, have caused
this Agreement to be signed in their respective names in
the District of Columbia, United States of America, as of
the day and year first above written.
               KINGDOM OF TONGA
               By /s/ James Cecil Cocker
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/ Shinji Asanuma
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                                                   Asia
                      SCHEDULE 1
              Description of the Project
     The objectives of the Project are to: (i) assist in
financing such productive facilities and resources in the
Kingdom of Tonga as will contribute to the economic and
social development of the country; (ii) support continued
financial sector reform with a view to achieving market-
based deposit and lending rates in Tonga; and (iii)
strengthen TDB's institutional development.
     Subject to such modifications thereof as the
Borrower and the Association may agree upon from time to
time to achieve such objectives, the Project consists of
the financing of specific development projects through
loans to enterprises in the Kingdom of Tonga.
                      *  *  *  *
     The Project is expected to be completed by June 30,
1993.
                      SCHEDULE 2
          Modifications of General Conditions
     For the purpose of this Agreement, the provisions of
the General Conditions are modified as follows:
1.   The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
2.   The following subparagraph is added to Section 2.01:
          "15. The term 'Project Agreement' has the
     meaning set forth in paragraph (f) of Section 1.02
     of the Development Credit Agreement."
3.   The words "the Association may, by notice to the
Borrower, terminate the right of the Borrower to make
withdrawals with respect to such amount. Upon the giving
of such notice, such amount of the Credit shall be
cancelled" set forth at the end of Section 6.02 are
Page  10
deleted and the following is substituted there for:
          "or (e) by the date specified in sub-paragraph
     3 (c) of the Schedule to the Project Agreement, the
     Association shall, in respect of any portion of the
     Credit: (i) have received no applications or
     requests permitted under sub-paragraphs (a) or (b)
     of said paragraph; or (ii) have denied any such
     applications or requests, the Association may, by
     notice to the Borrower, terminate the right to
     submit such applications or approvals or to make
     withdrawals from the Credit Account, as the case
     may be, with respect to such amount or portion of
     the Credit. Upon the giving of such notice, such
     amount or portion of the Credit shall be
     cancelled."
