Page  1
                                 CREDIT NUMBER 2084 TON
                   Project Agreement
        (Second Tonga Development Bank Project)
                        between
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                          and
                TONGA DEVELOPMENT BANK
                  Dated March 7, 1990
                                 CREDIT NUMBER 2084 TON
                   PROJECT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated March 7, 1990 between the
INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association)
and TONGA DEVELOPMENT BANK (TDB).
     WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of
even date herewith between the Kingdom of Tonga (the
Borrower) and the Association, the Association has agreed
to lend to the Borrower an amount in various currencies
equivalent to two million four hundred thousand Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 2,400,000), on the terms and
conditions set forth in the Development Credit Agreement,
but only on condition that TDB agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Association as are set forth in
this Agreement; and
     (B)  by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered
into between the Borrower and TDB, the proceeds of the
credit provided for under the Development Credit
Agreement will be made available to TDB on terms and
conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
and
     WHEREAS TDB, in consideration of the Association's
entering into the Development Credit Agreement with the
Borrower, has agreed to undertake the obligations set
forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
                      Definitions
     Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the Development Credit
Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so defined)
Page  2
have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                      ARTICLE II
               Execution of the Project;
           Management and Operations of TDB
     Section 2.01. (a) TDB declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 1 to
the Development Credit Agreement, and, to this end, shall
carry out the Project and conduct its operations and
affairs, in accordance with sound financial standards and
practices, with qualified and experienced management and
in accordance with the Act and the Policy Statement.
     (b)  Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section and except as the
Association and TDB shall otherwise agree, TDB shall
carry out the Project in accordance with the Schedule to
the ADB Project Agreement. In such Schedule reference to
"the Bank" shall be read, for the purpose of this
Agreement, to be reference to "the Association".
     Section 2.02. (a) TDB undertakes that, unless the
Association shall otherwise agree, Sub-loans will be made
in accordance with the procedures and on the terms and
conditions set forth or referred to in the Schedule to
this Agreement.
     (b)  TDB shall exercise its rights in relation to
each Qualified Project in such manner as to: (i) protect
the interests of the Association and of TDB; (ii) comply
with its obligations under this Agreement and the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and (iii) achieve the purposes
of the Project.
     Section 2.03. TDB shall carry out the obligations
set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and
9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance,
use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records
and reports, maintenance and land acquisition) in respect
of the Project Agreement.
     Section 2.04. TDB shall duly perform all its
obligations under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except
as the Association shall otherwise agree, TDB shall not
take or concur in any action which would have the effect
of assigning, amending, abrogating or waiving the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
     Section 2.05. (a) TDB shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with
regard to the progress of the Project, the performance of
its obligations under this Agreement and under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters relating to
the purposes of the Credit.
     (b)  TDB shall promptly inform the Association of
any condition which interferes or threatens to interfere
with the progress of the Project, the accomplishment of
the purposes of the Credit, or the performance by TDB of
its obligations under this Agreement and under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
             Financial and Other Covenants
     Section 3.01. (a) TDB shall maintain procedures and
records adequate to monitor and record the progress of
the Project and of each Qualified Project (including its
cost and the benefits to be derived from it) and to
Page  3
reflect in accordance with consistently maintained sound
accounting practices the operations and financial
condition of TDB.
     (b)  TDB shall:
          (i)  have its records, accounts and financial
               statements (balance sheets, statements of
               income and expenses and related
               statements) for each fiscal year audited,
               in accordance with appropriate auditing
               principles consistently applied, by
               independent auditors acceptable to the
               Association;
          (ii) furnish to the Association, as soon as
               available but in any case not later than
               six months after the end of each such
               year: (A) certified copies of its
               financial statements for such year as so
               audited, and (B) the report of such audit
               by said auditors, of such scope and in
               such detail as the Association shall have
               reasonably requested; and
         (iii) furnish to the Association such
               other information concerning said
               records, accounts and financial
               statements as well as the audit
               thereof as the Association shall
               from time to time reasonably
               request.
     Section 3.02. TDB shall take such steps satisfactory
to the Association as shall be necessary to protect
itself against risk of loss resulting from changes in the
rates of exchange between the various currencies
(including Pa'angas) used in its operations.
     Section 3.03. TDB shall enable the Association's
representatives to inspect any Qualified Enterprise, any
Qualified Project, the goods financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit, and any relevant records and documents
maintained by TDB or by the Qualified Enterprise.
     Section 3.04. (a) TDB shall, promptly as required,
take all action within its powers to maintain its
corporate existence, to carry on its operations, and to
acquire, maintain and renew all rights, properties,
powers, privileges and franchises which are necessary in
the carrying out of the Project or in the conduct of its
business.
     (b)  TDB shall at all times conduct its business in
accordance with sound administrative, financial, banking,
business and development policies and practices and under
the supervision of competent and experience management
and personnel.
     (c)  Except as the Association may otherwise agree,
TDB shall not (i) sell, lease, transfer of otherwise
dispose of any of its assets, except in the ordinary
course of its business, or (ii) establish or acquire any
Subsidiary.
     Section 3.05. Except as the Association may
otherwise agree, TDB shall (i) maintain a ratio of the
consolidated debt of TDB and all its Subsidiaries to the
consolidated equity of TDB and all its Subsidiaries not
higher than 3:1, and (ii) maintain a debt service rate of
not less than 1.5 times.
Page  4
     For the purposes of the foregoing provisions:
     (a)  "Debt" refers to any debt incurred, assumed or
guaranteed by TDB or a Subsidiary which matures more than
one year after the date on which it is originally
incurred (including that portion of any such debt payable
within one year from the date of any debt-equity ratio
calculation), provided that debt shall be counted only to
the extent it is drawn down and outstanding. The
incurring of debt includes any modification of the terms
of payment of such debt.
     (b)  "Consolidated debt of TDB and all its
Subsidiaries" means the total amount of debt of TDB and
of all its Subsidiaries, excluding any debt owed by TDB
to any Subsidiary or by any Subsidiary to TDB or to any
other Subsidiary.
     (c)  "Consolidated equity of TDB and all its
Subsidiaries" means the aggregate of the total unimpaired
paid-in capital, surplus and free reserves of TDB and all
its Subsidiaries after excluding such items of capital,
surplus and reserves as shall represent equity interests
of TDB in any such Subsidiary or of any such Subsidiary
in TDB or any other such Subsidiary.
     (d)  "Debt-service ratio" means the ratio of the
annual net income of TDB after tax but before interest
and depreciation plus principal collections under its
loan portfolio, to the aggregate amount of annual
amortization (including sinking fund payment) of, and
interest and other charges on, debt.
     Section 3.06. TDB shall cause each of its
Subsidiaries to observe and perform the obligations of
TDB under this Project Agreement to the extent to which
such obligations may be applicable thereto, as though
such obligations were binding upon each of its
Subsidiaries.
                      ARTICLE IV
              Effective Date; Termination
              Cancellation and Suspension
     Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Development Credit
Agreement becomes effective.
     Section 4.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations
of the Association and of TDB thereunder shall terminate
on the earlier of the following two dates:
          (i)  the date on which the Development Credit
               Agreement shall terminate; or
          (ii) a date twenty years after the date of
               this Agreement.
     (b)  If the Development Credit Agreement terminates
before the date specified in paragraph (a) (ii) of this
Section, the Association shall promptly notify TDB of
this event.
     Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions.
                       ARTICLE V
               Miscellaneous Provisions
Page  5
     Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other addresses as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS               440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.      248423 (RCA)
                                      64145 (WUI)
     For TDB:
          Tonga Development Bank
          P.O. Box 126
          Nuku'alofa
          Kingdom of Tonga
          Cable address:           Telex:
               DEVBANK               66206TS
               NUKU'ALOFA
     Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any documents required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of TDB or by TDB
on behalf of the Borrower under the Development Credit
Agreement, may be taken or executed by its Managing
Director, or by such other person or persons as the
Managing Director or the Board of Directors shall
designate in writing, and TDB shall furnish to the
Association sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature each such person.
     Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/ Shinji Asamuma
                         Acting Regional Vice President
Page  6
                                                   Asia
               TONGA DEVELOPMENT BANK
               By /s/ Bruce Maguire
                              Authorized Representative
                       SCHEDULE
           Terms and Conditions of Sub-loans
1.   Terms and conditions of Sub-loans shall be as set
forth in Schedule 3 to the ADB Loan Agreement and the
Schedule to the ADB Project Agreement.
2.   No expenditures for goods or services required for
a Qualified Project shall be eligible for financing out
of the proceeds of the Credit unless:
     (a)  the Sub-loan for such Qualified Project shall
have been approved by the Association and such
expenditures shall have been made not earlier than 120
days prior to the date on which the Association shall
have received the application and information required
under paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule in respect of such
Sub-loan; or
     (b)  the Sub-loan for such Qualified Project shall
have been a free-limit Sub-loan for which the Association
has authorized withdrawals from the Credit Account and
such expenditures shall have been made not earlier than
120 days prior to the date on which the Association shall
have received the request and information required under
paragraph 3 (b) of this Schedule in respect of such
free-limit Sub-loan. For the purposes of the Development
Credit Agreement and this Agreement, a free-limit
Sub-loan shall be a Sub-loan for a Qualified Project in
an amount to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit which shall not exceed the sum of $50,000
equivalent, when added to any other outstanding amounts
financed or proposed to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit or of any other credit, provided for in any
outstanding development credit agreement between the
Borrower and the Association entered into before the date
of this Agreement, the proceeds of which have been or are
being used for financing goods and services directly and
materially related to such Qualified Project.
3.   (a)  When presenting a Sub-loan (other than a
free-limit Sub loan) to the Association for approval, TDB
shall furnish to the Association an application, in form
satisfactory to the Association, together with (i) a
description of the Qualified Enterprise and an appraisal
of the Qualified Project, including a description of the
expenditures proposed to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit; (ii) the proposed terms and conditions of
the Sub loan, including the schedule of amortization of
the Sub-loan; and (iii) such other information as the
Association shall reasonably request.
     (b)  Each request by TDB for authorization to make
withdrawals from the Credit Account in respect of a
free-limit Sub loan shall contain: (i) a summary
description of the Qualified Enterprise and the Qualified
Project, including a description of the expenditures
proposed to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit, and (ii) the terms and conditions of the
Page  7
Sub-loan, including the schedule of amortization there
for.
     (c)  Applications and requests made pursuant to the
provisions of sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of this
paragraph shall be presented to the Association on or
before December 31, 1992.
4.   Sub-loans shall be made on terms whereby TDB shall
obtain, by written contract with the Qualified Enterprise
or by other appropriate legal means, rights adequate to
protect the interests of the Association and TDB,
including, in the case of any Sub-loan the right to:
     (a)  require the Qualified Enterprise to carry out
and operate the Qualified Project with due diligence and
efficiency and in accordance with sound technical,
financial and managerial standards and to maintain
adequate records;
     (b)  require that: (i) the goods and services to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be
purchased at a reasonable price, account being taken also
of other relevant factors such as time of delivery and
efficiency and reliability of the goods and availability
of maintenance facilities and spare parts there for, and,
in the case of services, of their quality and the
competence of the parties rendering them; (ii) suppliers
and contractors in countries in respect of which
withdrawals from the Credit Account may be made pursuant
to Section 5.01 of the General Conditions shall be
eligible to compete in providing such goods and services;
and (iii) such goods and services shall be used
exclusively in the carrying out of the Qualified Project;
     (c)  inspect, by itself or jointly with
representatives of the Association if the Association
shall so request, such goods, works, plants and
construction included in the Qualified Project, the
operation thereof, and any relevant records and
documents;
     (d)  require that: (i) the Qualified Enterprise
shall take out and maintain with responsible insurers
such insurance, against such risks and in such amounts,
as shall be consistent with sound business practice; and
(ii) without any limitation upon the foregoing, such
insurance shall cover hazards incident to the acquisi-
tion, transportation and delivery of goods financed out
of the proceeds of the Credit to the place of use or
installation, any indemnity thereunder to be made payable
in a currency freely usable by the Qualified Enterprise
to replace or repair such goods;
     (e)  obtain all such information as the Association
or TDB shall reasonably request relating to the foregoing
and to the administration, operations and financial
condition of the Qualified Enterprise and to the benefits
to be derived from the Qualified Project; and
     (f)  suspend or terminate the right of the Qualified
Enterprise to the use of the proceeds of the Credit upon
failure by such Qualified Enterprise to perform its
obligations under its contract with TDB.
