Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3509 HU
               (Product Market Development Project)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF HUNGARY
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                       Dated August 24, 1992
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3509 HU
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated August 24, 1992, between REPUBLIC OF HUNGARY
(the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and National Bank of Hungary (the
Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasibility and priority
of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, have
requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the Project; and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to one hundred million
dollars ($100,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the Guarantor agree to
guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of such loan as
provided in this Agreement; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth below (the General Conditions) constitute an
integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)   The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      (b)   In Section 6.02, sub-paragraph (k) is re-lettered as
sub-paragraph (l) and a new sub-paragraph (k) is added to read:
            "(k)   An extraordinary situation shall have arisen
            under which any further withdrawals under the Loan would
            be inconsistent with the provisions of Article III,
            Section 3 of the Bank's Articles of Agreement."
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in Section 1.02
of the Loan Agreement have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                             Guarantee
      Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, hereby unconditionally guarantees, as
primary obligor and not as surety merely, the due and punctual
payment of the principal of, and interest and other charges on, the
Loan, and the premium, if any, on the prepayment of the Loan, all as
set forth in the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the Guarantor
specifically undertakes, whenever there is reasonable cause to
believe that the funds available to the Borrower will be inadequate
to meet the estimated expenditures required for the carrying out of
the Project, to make arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank,
promptly to provide the Borrower or cause the Borrower to be
provided with such funds as are needed to meet such expenditures.
                            ARTICLE III
                Execution of Part B of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Guarantor shall carry out and cause to
be carried out Part B of the Project with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate practices, and shall
provide, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and
other resources required for the purpose.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section, the Guarantor shall make arrangements, satisfactory
to the Bank with the entity responsible for the carrying out of Part
B.1 of the Project, including, if necessary, the provision of the
equivalent of the funds allocated to Category 2 of the table set
forth in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to the Loan Agreement by the
Guarantor to such entity.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of services to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Loan shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan
Page  3
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. During execution of the Project, the Guarantor
shall take all necessary measures on its part to maintain a steering
committee, to be chaired by the representative of Minister of
Industry and Trade of the Guarantor, and to include representatives
of the key ministries for activities included in the Project, the
Borrower, commercial banks and concerned private sector associations
for the purpose of coordination among the various agencies, such
committee to be assisted by a Project work unit to be organized and
maintained within the Ministry of Industry and Trade.
      Section 3.04. The Guarantor shall duly perform all its
obligations under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Bank
shall otherwise agree, the Guarantor shall not take or concur in any
action which would have the effect of amending, abrogating,
assigning or waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision
thereof.
      Section 3.05. The Guarantor shall carry out the obligations
set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports and maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of Part B.1 of the
Project.
                            ARTICLE IV
                          Other Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Guarantor shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of Part B.1 of the Project of the depart-
ments, agencies and institutes of the Guarantor responsible for the
carrying out thereof.
      (b)   The Guarantor shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
                   year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                   auditing principles consistently applied, by
                   independent auditors acceptable to the Bank;
            (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than five months after the
                   end of each such year: (A) certified copies of
                   said accounts for such year as so audited; and
                   (B) the report of such audit by said auditors,
                   of such scope and in such detail as the Bank
                   shall have reasonably requested; and
           (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records and accounts and the
                   audit thereof as the Bank shall from time to
                   time reasonably request.
                             ARTICLE V
            Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 5.01. The Deputy President or the General Manager of
the Borrower is designated as representative of the Guarantor for
the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 5.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            National Bank of Hungary
Page  4
            Department for International
              Development Institutions
            H-1850 Budapest
            Szabadsag ter 8-9
            Republic of Hungary
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   BANKO                     227267 SMAFU-H
                   Budapest                  225755 BANKO-H or
                                             227028 BANKO-H
  For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         REPUBLIC OF HUNGARY
                         By /s/ Tamas Schagrin
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ Kemal Dervis
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                           Europe and Central Asia
