Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3596 HU
                         Project Agreement
      (Pensions Administration and Health Insurance Project)
                               among
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                      PENSION INSURANCE FUND
                       HEALTH INSURANCE FUND
                                and
             NATIONAL SOCIAL INSURANCE ADMINISTRATION
                       Dated April 27, 1993
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3596 HU
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 27, 1993, among INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank), PENSION INSURANCE FUND
(PF), HEALTH INSURANCE FUND (HIF) and NATIONAL SOCIAL INSURANCE
ADMINISTRATION (SIA).
      WHEREAS (A) it is understood that, upon establishment of the
administrations of PF and HIF, SIA will cease to exist and a new
legal entity will be established by PF and HIF, in accordance with
the provisions of Section 3.04 of this Agreement, to act as the new
Implementing Agency;
      (B) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between
REPUBLIC OF HUNGARY (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank has agreed
to make available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies
equivalent to one hundred thirty two million dollars ($132,000,000),
on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but
only on condition that PF, HIF and the Implementing Agency agree to
undertake such obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this
Agreement;
Page  2
      (C)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower on the one side and PF, HIF and the
Implementing Agency on the other, the proceeds of the loan provided
for under the Loan Agreement will be relent to PF and HIF on the
terms and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
and
      WHEREAS PF, HIF and SIA, in consideration of the Bank's
entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, have agreed to
undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                           ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) PF, HIF and the Implementing Agency declare
their commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth in
Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, and, to this end, the Implementing
Agency shall carry out the Project with due diligence and efficiency
and in conformity with appropriate administrative, financial and
engineering practices, and PF, HIF and the Implementing Agency shall
provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Bank and the Implementing Agency
shall otherwise agree, the Implementing Agency shall carry out the
Project in accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in
the Schedule to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and services required for the Project and
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by
the provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Implementing Agency shall carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and
9.09 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods
and services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project
Agreement.
      Section 2.04. PF, HIF and the Implementing Agency shall duly
perform all their respective obligations under the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, PF, HIF or the
Implementing Agency shall not take or concur in any action which
would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) PF, HIF and the Implementing Agency shall,
at the request of the Bank, exchange views with the Bank with regard
to progress of the Project, the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other
matters relating to the purposes of the Loan.
     (b)   PF, HIF or the Implementing Agency shall promptly inform
the Bank of any condition which interferes or threatens to interfere
with the progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes
of the Loan, or the performance by the Implementing Agency of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan
Page  3
Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
               Management and Operations of PF, HIF
                    and the Implementing Agency
      Section 3.01. PF, HIF and the Implementing Agency shall carry
on their operations and conduct their affairs in accordance with
sound administrative and financial practices under the supervision
of qualified and experienced management assisted by competent staff
in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. PF, HIF and the Implementing Agency shall at all
times operate and maintain their equipment and other property, and
from time to time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs
and renewals thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering and
financial practices.
      Section 3.03. PF, HIF and the Implementing Agency shall take
out and maintain with responsible insurers, or make other provision
satisfactory to the Bank for, insurance against such risks and in
such amounts as shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
      Section 3.04. PF and HIF shall, upon the constitution of their
respective general assemblies and presidiums in accordance with the
provisions of Law LXXXIV and in order to secure the continuity of
Project execution, set up a legal entity, which will enter into all
the rights and assume all the obligations of SIA under the Project
Agreement; the responsibilities of such new entity will consist of
joint activities of PF and HIF in order to avoid duplication of
capacities (e.g. data processing, information technology, collection
of contribution and cash benefit payments) and it will include and
maintain divisions responsible for information technology and
service delivery and a unit responsible for planning development,
all with proper staffing.
                           ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) PF, HIF and the Implementing Agency shall
maintain records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with
sound accounting practices their operations and financial condition.
      (b)   PF, HIF and the Implementing Agency shall:
            (i)    have their records, accounts and financial
                   statements (balance sheets and related state-
                   ments) for each fiscal year audited, in accord-
                   ance with appropriate auditing principles
                   consistently applied, by independent auditors
                   acceptable to the Bank;
            (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year, (A) certified copies of their
                   financial statements for such year as so audited
                   and (B) the report of such audit by said
                   auditors of such scope and in such detail as the
                   Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
            (iii)  furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records, accounts and financial
                   statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                   Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      Section 4.02. During execution of the Project, PF and HIF
shall not increase the total combined employer/employee contribution
rate and shall ensure that transfers obtained from the Borrower's
budget would be made exclusively to cover: (i) non-insurable risks,
(ii) payment to non contributing recipients of cash benefits, and
Page  4
(iii) other specified non-contributing categories.
      Section 4.03. (a) PF, HIF and the Implementing Agency shall
improve the ratio (in percent) of aggregate accounts receivables in
arrears of PF and HIF, net of (i) accumulated interest and fines on
overdue accounts receivables, (ii) receivables in arrears due from
enterprises under bankruptcy or liquidation procedures, and (iii)
payment obligations of enterprises under separate settlements, and
the contributions having fallen due to PF and HIF during the ongoing
year, compared with such ratio at the end of the previous year, by
at least 4 percent as of December 31, 1995, 6 percent as of Decem-
ber 31, 1996, 8 percent as of December 31, 1997, and 10 percent as
of December 31, 1998.
      (b)   During execution of the Project, PF and HIF shall
continue to enforce a policy of charging interest and fines on
overdue accounts receivables.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of PF, HIF and the Implementing Agency thereunder shall
terminate on the date on which the Loan Agreement shall terminate in
accordance with its terms, and the Bank shall promptly notify PF,
HIF and the Implementing Agency thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
 For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                  248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.            82987 (FTCC)
                                               64145 (WUI) or
                                              197688 (TRT)
      For PF:
            Pension Insurance Fund
            1560 Budapest XIII
            Vaci ut 73
Page  5
                                           Telex:
                                              022-41-46
      For HIF:
            Health Insurance Fund
            1560 Budapest XIII
            Vaci ut 73
                                           Telex:
                                              022-41-46
      For the Implementing Agency:
            National Social Insurance
              Administration
            1560 Budapest XIII
            Vaci ut 73
                                           Telex:
                                              022-41-46
       Section 6.02. (a) Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be executed, under
this Agreement on behalf of PF may be taken or executed by (i) the
chairman of PF's supervisory board until the constitution of PF's
general assembly and, thereafter, (ii) by the chairman of such
general assembly or such other person or persons as the persons
identified in (i) or (ii) hereof shall designate in writing, and PF
shall furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and
the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      (b)   Any action required or permitted to be taken, and any
document required or permitted to be executed, under this Agreement
on behalf of HIF may be taken or executed by (i) the chairman of
HIF's supervisory board until the constitution of HIF's general
assembly and, thereafter, (ii) by the chairman of such general
assembly or such other person or persons as the persons identified
in (i) or (ii) hereof shall designate in writing, and HIF shall
furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      (c)   Any action required or permitted to be taken, and any
document required or permitted to be executed, under this Agreement
on behalf of the Implementing Agency may be taken or executed by its
General Manager or such other person or persons as such General
Manager shall designate in writing, and the Implementing Agency
shall furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and
the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                     RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                   By /s/ K. Dervis
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                           Europe and Central Asia
Page  6
                   PENSION INSURANCE FUND
                   By /s/ P. Bod
                                         Authorized Representative
                   HEALTH INSURANCE FUND
                   By /s/ I. Kameniczky
                                         Authorized Representative
                   NATIONAL SOCIAL INSURANCE ADMINISTRATION
                   By /s/ J. Botos
                                         Authorized Representative
                             SCHEDULE
                      Implementation Program
1.    During execution of the Project, the Implementing Agency shall
maintain a PMU, reporting directly to the General Manager, which
shall be headed by a full-time project manager, whose qualifications
and experience shall be satisfactory to the Bank, and who shall be
assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers.
2.    No later than March 31 of each year during the execution of
the Project, the Implementing Agency shall furnish to the Bank a
technical and financial report, of such coverage, detail, and format
as the Bank may reasonably request, on the status of Project
implementation (as of December 31 of each year) and thereafter
review, with the Bank issues related to the execution of the
Project.
3.    PF and HIF shall: (a) review with the Borrower and the Bank no
later than December 31, 1996 (i) the progress made in targeting
benefits financed through PF and HIF, and (ii) the benefit levels
and entitlement to benefits payable by PF and HIF with a view to
protect the financial viability of PF and HIF; and (b) thereafter,
take all necessary measures within their authority to execute the
actions identified and agreed upon by the Bank and PF and/or the
Bank and HIF during such review.
