Report No. PID10261
Project Name                     Mauritania-Education Sector Development...
Program
Region                           Africa Regional Office
Sector                           Primary Education; Secondary Education;
Tertiary Education Vocational/Technical
Education & Training
Project ID                       MRPE71308
Borrower(s)                      GOVERNMENT OF MAURITANIA
Implementing Agency
Address MINISTRY OF EDUCATION
Contact Person: Kamil Hamoud Abdelwadoud
Tel: 222-529 2767
Fax: 222-525 1513
Email: hawk@dpef.mr
Environment Category             C
Date PID Prepared                April 23, 2001
Projected Appraisal Date         June 3, 2001
Projected Board Date             July 17, 2001
1. Country and Sector Background
The formal education system operated by the Ministry of Education consists
of six years of primary schooling (enseignement fondamental), three year
of lower- and another three years of higher- general secondary education
(collOge and lycee). Instruction is provided in three separate streams:
(1) the filiOre Arabe, (2) filiOre bilingue, and (3) a very small stream
that uses local languages, and which represents less than 0.5w of primary
enrollment. These streams are being merged gradually as a consequence of
the implementation of the reform of 1999. A fourth year will be added to
lower-secondary education in 2007.Secondary technical education is
provided by two-year programs offered in vocational schools, under the
responsibility of various ministries, and in technical collOges and
lycees, under the responsibility of the Ministry of Education (MEN).
Higher education is offered at the University of Nouakchott and in five
post-secondary specialized institutions. Primary teachers are trained at
two teacher training colleges, L'Ecole Normale d'Instituteurs (ENI, in
Nouakchott and Aioun); secondary teachers are trained at L'Ecole Normale
Superieur (ENS, Nouakchott) which is associated with the University of
Nouakchott. Despite its numerous achievements, the Mauritanian education
system has many weaknesses that are summarized below.Weak overall results
and uneven performance (gender- and regional- gaps). A recent sector study
revealed that pupils at the primary level on average master 50tt of the
intended curriculum content. The study also showed that this national
average hides a wide range of situations among schools, with students in
the worst performing schools mastering 10t of the intended curriculum,
against 80t in the best performing schools.   Insufficient and variable
supply of textbooks and teachers' guides, and inadequate provision of
in-service training, seem to have had a negative impact on quality.
However, the lack of material and training cannot explain all the



statistical variance, as suggested by the following graphic showing the
relation between success rate in the national certification exam for
primary education (CEF) and unit cost.     Similar graphics and conclusions
can be drawn for lower secondary education exam (BEPC) and the
baccalaureat exam. All such evidence points to the necessity to better
monitor school performance and improve the way educational inputs are used
to promote student achievement.In the case of secondary education, the
gender- and regional- gap in achievement appears to be wider than in
primary education.   The success rate for BEPC for males is 61% and 55% for
females. There is a 27% difference in the success rate depending upon the
region/willaya.  The success rate for baccalaureat is 21% for males and
10% for females.  There are also wide regional differences in
baccalaureate results.High access but low retention rates. Despite a
relatively high access rate to the first grade in primary education, the
retention rate remains low at 55% and average repetition rate in primary
education is 15%.   In rural areas, the retention rate in primary education
(percentage of students who complete grade 6) is estimated at 43%, against
70% in urban areas.   It is even lower for rural girls, among whom only 38%
reach grade 6. However, in contrast with the situation in many
neighboring countries, in-depth analyses have shown that retention is
determined mainly by supply factors.   In fact, more than 60% of the
primary schools do not provide a complete cycle of primary education,
making it impossible for many children to continue their education once
they reach the last grade offered by their school. A simulation model
shows that if 100% of the schools offered all primary education grades,
the retention rate would be as high as 85%.Administrative and pedagogical
management. There are also serious concerns about management. A recent
sector report prepared with the help of the Bank noted that the allocation
of funds and teachers to individual schools is characterized by a high
degree of variability, which itself suggests that management practices are
highly inefficient. For instance, the illustration below shows that a
school that has 4 teachers can vary in size from 50 students to as many as
350 students. Obviously, there are objective reasons that can explain why
similar schools might need a slightly different number of teachers.
However, based on international comparisons, the degree of variability in
the Mauritanian education system seems excessive, and suggests a weak
administrative capacity. Needs to revitalize and rationalize vocational
and technical training. Since 1992, the government has engaged in an
ambitious effort to improve and expand the supply of technical and
vocational training. During this period, student enrollment increased from
1,426 to 2,439 and the number of teachers from 184 to 285. Despite this
important growth, the TVET has several serious deficiencies. First, like
most developing countries the Mauritanian labor market is characterized by
the existence of a traditional and informal sector which absorbs the vast
majority of the labor supply, and a modern sector which has a limited
absorptive capacity. Nevertheless, technical and vocational training
activities are geared essentially towards the needs of the modern sector.
Second, the financing method of the training centers is such that there is
little relation between performance and funding, and there is no real
incentive for innovation and for the development of demand-driven training
activities. Third, there is little useful feedback to the training
centers due to the paucity of the labor market statistics and the absence
of tracer studies. Finally, the TVET institutions are placed under the
responsibility of too many ministries, with no clear coordination
mechanism among them.Low external efficiency in higher education. The
-2 -



higher education system was developed in the early 70s, with the creation
of the Ecole National D'Administration and Ecole Nationale Superieure,
which trained many of the country's civil servants. The university of
Nouakchott was created in 1981, and has expanded since then with the
addition of several new departments and institutes offering education in
the arts, humanities, social sciences and science. The University of
Nouakchott is placed under the responsibility of the ministry of
education, but there are a few other institutes which are placed under the
responsibility of other ministries, such as the Centre superieur d'
enseignement technique (CSET), the Institut superieur d'etudes et de
recherche islamiques, the Institut national des specialites medicales and
the Ecole superieure des poches. The development of this higher education
system, combined with the training of a significant number of students in
foreign universities, has generated an substantial supply of highly
skilled workers, estimated at more than 7,000 persons during the last
decade. As a result of this expansion, the higher education system seems
over-developed in relation to the size of the country's economy and labor
market. Mauritania has 12,912 students in higher education inside the
country and another 2,439 students abroad. Based on international
comparisons, similar countries would have on average 7,500 students. In
addition, the supply of higher education has insufficient professional
content and lacks variety of programs. Furthermore, only 9% of university
students were enrolled in the science and technology stream in the
university of Nouakchott in 1998-99. The combined effect of these factors
lead to low external efficiency, as evidenced by the high unemployment
rate among graduates, around 30% according to the latest surveys. The role
of the private education system. The private sector in education in
Mauritania has grown from zero in the early 1980s to a point where it
occupies a small but increasing share of the education market, estimated
at 8,388 students (2.5% of total) in primary education and 3,804 students
(6.5% of total) in secondary education in 1997-98.   Private school
enrollment is concentrated around the capital city Nouakchott.
Notwithstanding affordability issues of private education, the willingness
to enroll in private institutions appears to be high in Mauritania. This
is primarily because of the perceived management style and quality
difference between public and private institutions. There are a number of
constraints to the growth of the private sector including a lack of
qualified teachers, lack of access to capital and a shortage of
appropriate land and buildings. Moreover, the legal framework regulating
the establishment of new private institutions, their control by the state
and their taxation regime is outdated and incomplete. There is an
intensive dialogue going on between the two major private education
associations and the MEN, and all parties have been considering a number
of changes to promote the expansion of the private education sector.
However, the private sector representatives do not have a clearly
identifiable interlocutor within the MEN and the government in general,
which does not favor the emergence of practical and effective instruments
to promote the sector. Government Strategy.The implementation of the
education reform of 1999 ranks very high among the government's social and
economic activities. To that effect, a comprehensive policy framework and
a detailed action plan has been developed, with clear targets for the next
decade. The implementation of the reform is being phased in one year at a
time, and has already reached grade 2. It will cover grade 6 in 2004/05,
grade 10 in 2007/08, and the last grade of secondary education in
2010/11.   According to this plan, the vast majority of Mauritanians will
-3 -



have access to a 10 years of basic education in 2007. At the same time
the government is putting more emphasis to the provision of good-quality
of education, on effectiveness and on equity issues. Obviously, the
achievement of these goals require the development of a clear strategy,
which has been clearly spelled out in the PRSP and in the ESDP documents.
The main pillars of this strategy are as follows: Government Priorities
and sequencing of the reforms. The provision of 10 years of good-quality
basic education was given priority in government investments because of
its important role, pointed out in the PRSP, in poverty reduction.
Therefore, a major financial effort will be made during the next five
years in order to provide the facilities and operational budgets necessary
to the achievement of this objective. As a result, there will be a
limited number of investments aimed at increasing enrollment in upper
general secondary, higher education and TVET. During that period, the
emphasis will be put on the diversification of training programs and
improved linkages with labor market demand at these levels, with a view to
expanding access during the second phase of the program, when the
effectiveness of the system has been developed. The success of this
strategy depends on an effective regulation of the flow of students in the
system, which will be accomplished through the separation between the
certification exams at the end of primary and lower-secondary education
(CEF and BEPC) and the selection exams to subsequent cycles.The
institutional reforms. To implement the reforms the government is aware
of the necessity of major institutional changes aiming particularly at (i)
increasing participation of parents, in primary and general secondary
education, and of the private sector of the economy in higher education
and in the TVET system, (ii) increasing accountability at all levels,
through careful monitoring of performance, and (iii) reorganizing and
deconcentrating the administration of the education system. The major
actions envisaged to that effect are the creation of school boards
composed of representatives of parents associations and local officials of
the MEN, granting greater academic and financial autonomy to the
university of Nouakchott, the creation of consultation and demand driven
mechanisms in TVET, and the reinforcement of the role of the Regional
Directions of the MEN (DREN) in the process of planning and managing
resources.   Government financing Plan.   Great attention has been paid to
the sustainability of the effort, with a detailed long-term financial plan
worked out early in the process and approved by the government. The
general direction is that all the recurrent expenditures of the education
system will be financed by government budgetary resources, including HIPC
funds, while the investment effort will be shared with international
financing partners and, to a lesser extent, with domestic partners,
particularly the communities (see below). The major multilateral and
bilateral donors have been informed and consulted extensively on the
financial plan. In order to avoid overlaps and uncoordinated
interventions, the government and the major donors have decided to include
their interventions within the framework of the ESDP, with the assistance
of a coordination mechanism which is being discussed.The role of
Communities and of the private sector. Traditionally, the communities in
Mauritania contribute 30t to the cost of the primary schools in rural
areas, in a scheme that has been in effect and operated successfully by
the MEN for more than a decade. This scheme has helped ensure better
ownership of schools by communities, fostered communication between the
parents and the MEN officials and better maintenance of latrines and other
facilities. It has also been a major ingredient in the planning tools
- 4 -



used by the MEN, as it allows for direct appreciation of parents'
commitment and the actual demand for education. During the implementation
of the ESDP, the government strategy will consist in extending the role of
communities to pre-schooling, by encouraging the setting-up of
community-operated programs. In primary and secondary education parents
will be encouraged to participate in school management through their
participation in school boards. The private education sector is expected
to play a major role, particularly at those levels of the system where the
demand might exceed the available capacity, particularly in
upper-secondary, TVET and higher education.    The government strategy
consists in developing an administrative capacity in charge of monitoring
the activities of the private education sector, developing adequate
legislation and procedures to regulate the sector, as well as financial
incentives to promote private investment in education. Although detailed
plans of action do not exist yet, the government has expressed its
determination to conduct a number of consultations during the first and
second year of the program, with the representatives of the profession, to
investigate innovative financing mechanism, including demand-side and
contract funding mechanisms, removing restrictions on private school entry
and sensitizing commercial banks to risk-taking in the education sector.
A fund for the development of private education will be set up after this
initial consultation period.
2. Objectives
The proposed credit would help the government implement phase 1 of the
ESDP, which aims at completing universal primary education and expanding
significantly access to the first cycle of secondary education, improving
quality, and piloting new training arrangements is vocational and higher
education. In order to achieve these objectives the project will focus on
establishing (i) an education environment of reasonable quality in all
schools - basic physical infrastructure, adequately trained teachers and a
reasonable supply of education materials; (ii) an institutional
environment that can design and implement a set of basic sector policies;
(iii) an effective management system, with adequate planning capacities,
well structured central and local administrations, and explicit and
unequivocal management responsibilities and procedures.
3. Rationale for Bank's Involvement
The Bank's knowledge of education issues in various national contexts all
over the world, as well as earlier and current involvement in the
education sector in Mauritania make its support to this program highly
valuable to the government of Mauritania. During program preparation, the
Bank provided technical assistance on educational, financial and
management issues to the national team. Specifically, bank support helped
in bringing ideas and experiences from other countries to bear on
discussions of policies and strategies. The Bank is considered to have
added value to enhancing the quality of the documents developed,
particularly in the economic analysis and its emphasis on preparing a
logical framework with key performance and monitoring indicators at the
beginning of program document preparation. It also played a major role in
ensuring that a coherent program with an adequate implementation framework
was established. During program implementation, the Bank will play a key
role in providing technical advice during program supervision missions.
It will also provide long-term financial support through a two-phase
adaptable program loan (APL) which is particularly valuable given the
- 5 -



fiscal constraints and the major investments needed to achieve the
development goals of the sector.
4. Description
The ESDP is a sector-wide program that consists of four major components:
(1) improving the quality and relevance of teaching-learning processes and
outcomes at all levels of the education sector, (2) promoting greater
access and regional and gender equity, especially at the primary and
secondary levels, (3) increasing the external efficiency of the education
system by fostering closer linkages between technical & professional
training, higher education and the labor market demands, and (4) enhancing
the administrative, technical (pedagogical), and financial management
capacity of the individuals and the system as a whole. These four
sub-components are closely linked and mutually reinforcing. (See Annex 2
for details).
1. Improving quality of teaching learning processes and outcomes at all
levels of education
1.1 Improving the quality of teaching-learning contents, processes and
outputs in primary education
1.2 Improving the quality and internal efficiency of secondary education
1.3 Promoting ECD activities
1.4 Promoting good health, nutrition and hygiene practices at school level
2. Promoting access to education and regional and gender equity in the
education system
2.1 Promoting functional literacy
2.2 Promoting community- and private initiatives for ECD activities and
increasing ECD activities in the Regions
2.3 Universal access to primary education by 2010
2.4 Increasing access to and equity in the first cycle of secondary
education
3. Increasing the external efficiency of technical and professional
training and higher education
3.1 Making technical and professional training more responsive to market
demands
3.2 Improving the quality and relevance of higher education
4. Strengthening the management capacity of the education sector and
promoting deconcentration of the system.
4.1 Defining the mission, TOR and management processes of each
Directorate in the Education Sector
4.2 Developing and implementing more efficient and transparent teacher
deployment system
4.3 Promoting management skills and knowledge at all levels of education
5. Financing
Total ( US$m)
Total Project Cost 188
6. Implementation
Institutional arrangements for management and oversight of the Education
Sector Development Program (ESDP)The Ministry of Education will be
responsible for the overall implementation of the whole ESDP. Each
- 6 -



component/sub-component will be implemented under the responsibility of
the manager of the Directorate which plays the principal role in its
implementation. During the preparation mission it was envisaged that the
program planning, implementation, and monitoring would be based on joint
annual reviews of annual Action Plans and Budgets (APB), prepared
regardless the origin of funds, and including costs and financing. ESDP
oversight bodies. The following arrangements were discussed during the
preparation mission. Ministry of National Education. MoE is responsible
for the implementation of the Program. It would approve the APB each year
at the end of the cycle described below (see APB cycle). Program Oversight
Committee (POC). The Committee would be responsible for validating annual
APBs prior to their approval by MoE, and for monitoring APBs' results and
performance. It would therefore meet twice a year. Because the POC would
include representatives of all partners playing a role in ESDP
implementation, this validation would guarantee the support of all
partners for APBs and demonstrate their willingness voluntarily to
facilitate successful APB implementation. POC would include all or some of
the following:n Representatives from other departments playing key roles
in program implementation i.e., the Ministry of Economic Affairs and
Development (MAED) and the Ministry of Finance (MF); and directors from
these ministries with a key role in APB implementation;n Directors from
the Ministry of Education central office and directors of related
institutions such as IPN, ENS, and the University;f Regional Governors
(Walis);ft The President of the Mauritanian Mayors' Association;n
Representatives from private sector entities concerned with education
(primary, secondary, technical, and higher education);ft Representatives of
civil society organizations serving as educational development partners,
such as NGOs, teachers' unions, parent organizations.Coordination and
Monitoring Committee (CMC). Its members would include DPC and DAFM
(responsible for national expenditures from the recurrent budget) and DPEF
(responsible for external resources and expenditures and national
resources on the investment budget). CMC would ensure the consistency of
annual APBs with ESDP by coordinating preparation of APBs and monitoring
their implementation. Program Management. During the first phase of the
Program, the Government recommends entrusting program management to the
unit responsible for managing previous projects (DPEF), given its success
in managing five education projects, which proves its solid coordination
and management experience. DPEF expertise played a significant role in
the coordination and preparation of ESDP. At the same time, MOE's
management capabilities have long been rudimentary. The APL approach would
be used to gradually build MoE's management capacity (with DPEF support)
and provide the framework for a gradual transfer of management
responsibility from the DPEF to the DPC (MoE's Planning Directorate) and
the DAFM (MoE's Financial Directorate). A two-phase transfer scenario,
discussed during the preparation mission is described below.Implementation
Mechanism : The APBAction-Plan-and-Budget cycle. The following
arrangements for the APB cycles were discussed during the preparation
mission should the Government opt for a sector approach. (a) Each
component manager would prepare an implementation review covering the past
year and an Action Plan and Budget (APB) for the following year, in
consultation with all stakeholders (including central MOE offices, NGOs,
parents' associations, partners, and executing agencies), ensure that the
APB is consistent with ESDP objectives, and transmit the document to the
Coordination and Monitoring Committee. APBs for a given year would
incorporate the previous year's activities that were not completed on
- 7 -



schedule.(b) CMC would consolidate individual APBs, which - following
verification and adjustments in consultation with component leaders -
would comprise the annual APB for ESDP. The verifications and adjustments
would be made in accordance with individual APB evaluation criteria.(c)
The Government would convene the ESDP Program Oversight Committee
comprising representatives from all partners, including financial ones, to
assess the overall ESDP performance through the previous year's APB
implementation review, and adopt the proposed APB for the following year.
Any observations and recommendations concerning financing or
implementation would be made during the final APB review. The POC would
meet twice a year, one of the meeting being held at the end of the second
week in September, to correspond with the start of the school year and the
budget cycle.(d) Upon completion of the reviews described above, the
Ministry of Education would approve the annual APB, which would then
become binding on all responsibility centers and would be transmitted to
them in final form for implementation.(e) CMC would oversee implementation
of APBs and ensure coordination with external partners. It would also
prepare a mid-term APB review - in late March or early April (to be
determined prior to appraisal) - for the purpose of: (i) analyzing and
updating ESDP performance indicators (which should be available by the end
of February) and (ii) deciding what information should be provided to the
Ministry of Finance (MF) for use in the following year's budget
preparation cycle.APB approval criteria. The following criteria (to be
finalized prior to appraisal) have been discussed during the preparation
mission: (i) consistency of annual AP objectives with those of ESDP; (ii)
consistency of implementation strategies with those in the Letter of
Sector Policy (LSP); (iii) consistency of student flows, recurrent costs,
and investment flows with the total allocation among subsectors under the
ESDP macro-financial framework; (iv) consistency of investments proposed
in APBs with agreements with external partners; (vi) consistency between
expenditures to be financed by other internal partners - students'
parents, the private sector, local communities - and the views on this
matter expressed by these partners' representatives.Gradual transfer of
external resources management to MoE The following scenario was discussed
during the preparation mission. it is focused on making the most out of
the division of the program into two phases, as follows:(a) During the
first phase of this APL:n The planning functions of DPC would be
strengthened so that this entity, by the end of the first phase, could
take on its full role in the planning, activation, coordination,
monitoring, and evaluation of the education sector. (ii) DPC would build
up its regional planning capability, with a view to decentralization of
its responsibilities during the second phase.n DAFM would be strengthened
to enable it to cope with the increase in recurrent expenditures
(excluding payroll) anticipated over the course of the ten-year program
and linked to improvement of the quality of instruction.n DPEF would
continue to have responsibility for managing investment spending charged
against external resources (IDA, AfDB, AFD, etc.) and for channeling these
resources to program components, in accordance with the provisions of both
the financing agreements concerned and ESDP. n DPEF would contribute to
strengthen MOE and DPC financial management planning and monitoring
capabilities.n Under DPEF responsibility, DPC, DAFM, and DPEF itself would
set up an integrated budgetary, financial, and accounting information
system to allow monitoring of the overall sector expenditures, regardless
of the origin of the funds involved.(b) During the second phase:n Planning
functions at the regional level would be the responsibility of the DRENs.n
- 8 -



Program activation, coordination, monitoring, and evaluation at the
national level would be the responsibility of DPC, whose capabilities
would have been reinforced. n DPC and the DRENs would develop
departmental-level planning capabilities, with a view to their being
delegated during the following program. n DPC would be responsible for
setting up an integrated budgetary, financial, and accounting information
system to allow monitoring of the overall picture of sector expenditures,
regardless of the origin of the funds involved, including those
administered by DPEF.fn DAFM would consolidate its capabilities to manage
recurrent expenditures chargeable to the national budget with the
exception of payroll expenditure. n Appropriate capabilities would be
created within the DRENs to prepare them for decentralized financial
management. n DPEF would be responsible for strengthening the financial
management capabilities of MOE (DAFM and the DRENs) and for successful
transfer to MOE of responsibility for the financial management of external
resources.Institutional capacity for program implementation Analysis of
institutional capacity. The audit of the MOE's institutional capacity was
conducted in 2000. The report clearly identified a list of tasks to be
performed over the course of the ten-year program. The conclusions of
the audit should now be discussed and an action plan should be developed
and implemented. However, two actions have already been identified with
the view of implementing the audit's conclusions. Firstly, the audit
would be extended to cover IPN (Institut Pedagogique National), which
would play a crucial role in implementing the reform. Secondly,
qualification and competency profiles would be developed for the most
important positions within MOE.During the preparation mission several
working groups used a methodological guide to analyze the current
institutional capacity for the successful implementation of the ESDP. The
guide indicates how to assess shortcomings in this area and identify steps
to overcome them. This exercise provides a methodological basis for
developing action plans for institutional capacity-building for the
administration involved in ESDP implementation. It was agreed during the
preparation mission that the audit would be extended to IPN as soon as
possible. The terms of reference for the study would include, in
particular: (i) assessment of the relevance of all of IPN's current
functions, especially in the light of the emergence of potentially more
efficient private sector alternatives (preparation and distribution of
schoolbooks fall into this category); (ii) assessment of the "publishing"
function from the standpoint of capacity and organizational consistency,
given the need, as part of the reform process, to supply better quality
textbooks; and (iii) assessment of existing capacity for mobilizing human
resources to develop the manuscripts.Financial management capacity. It was
decided during the preparation mission that a consulting firm should be
hired to prepare the manual of administrative and financial procedures.
In parallel, during this mission, the Ministry of Finance authorized the
Ministry of Education to hire the personnel needed for the financial
management of the program.Procurement. General. The Mauritanian
procurement Code was prepared in 1993 and will be revised under an IDF
Grant of 1998-2001 to help finance the public procurement reform on the
basis of the recommendations of the CPAR, which was carried out in
February 1999. In the event that national procurement laws and procedures
would be in conflict with the IDA Guidelines for procurement, the
Mauritanian procurement code permits IDA procedures to take precedence
over national laws. In the context of the IDF Grant, the Central Tender
Board (CTB) has developed a specific software for contract monitoring.
- 9-



During project preparation, the Government expressed the interest to
develop complementary modules of this software to be installed in the DPEF
and the DAFM to ensure permanent exchange of information between the MOE,
the MAED and the CTB. Procurement Capacity Assessment. During the
preparation mission, a team was set up to carry out a participatory
procurement capacity assessment on the basis of the WB methodology. This
team was composed of: (a) all agencies that handled procurement financed
under either external donors' support or Government investment budget
during previous Education projects : DPEF, DBHU and AMEXTIPE; (b) the DAFM
in charge of Government-financed procurement and (c) the CTB in charge of
overseeing procurement in the country. An initial draft of this
procurement capacity was available at the end of the preparation mission
providing information for: (i) decision making in the areas of
distributing roles and responsibilities between Government line agencies
and Contract Management Agencies, and (ii) developing the outline of a
capacity reinforcement in the DPEF and capacity building in the DAFM. The
final draft of the procurement capacity assessment, and prior review
thresholds will be discussed during the pre-appraisal mission. An action
plan to ensure a minimum core capacity before project start up, and to
strengthen procurement performance during project implementation will also
be prepared.Procurement arrangements. Procurement activities for the first
phase of the Education program would be carried out: (a) by the Government
for the procurement financed by BAD, IDA and the Government; while (b)
bilateral donors such as FAC, KfW, and international organizations such as
EU and UN will keep the responsibility of procurement of the contracts
they finance.Procurement carried out by the Government would be handled by
the following implementing agencies: (i) the existing DPEF for the
procurement of contracts financed by IDA and ADB credits and by the
Government's investment budget, (ii) the DAFM for procurement financed
under the Government's recurrent budget (iii) Communities for the
construction and equipment of primary schools in rural areas. In urban
areas, the construction of educational facilities is expected to be
financed and executed under the parallel IDA-financed Urban Development
Program. In case this program does not provide sufficient resources to
cover the construction of the education facilities needed to achieve the
education objectives of the ESDP, the MOE would finance these additional
facilities. During pre-appraisal, it will be discussed whether (to be
confirmed at pre-appraisal) the MOE would use the services of: (i) the
future Urban Development Agency (UDA) for constructions in Nouakchott, and
AMEXTIPE for constructions in the regional capitals. If the case occurs,
UDA and AMEXTIPE would act as Contract Management Agencies (CMA), under
Conventions with the DPEF based on standard CMA Agreements for AGETIP. In
the event that UDA or AMEXTIPE will not agree or not able to handle these
requirements, construction of educational facilities in urban areas will
remain under the responsibility of the DPEF. In this case, whether the
DPEF would carry out this procurement or use the administrative services
of the DBHU, will be discussed. The determination of the respective
involvement of AMEXTIPE and UDA as well as DBHU will be finalized during
pre-appraisal. The DPEF will provide procurement technical assistance to
the DAFM and the Communities, and follow-up and monitor the procurement
process carried out by all agencies through the procurement plans.Program
Procurement Plan PPP. During preparation, it was agreed that the
Mauritanian team would receive support from a Consultant to develop a
procurement plan. With Bank's support under TF, the Mauritanian
procurement and accounting staff is currently receiving these capacity
- 10 -



building services from the Chief Procurement Specialist of the Ministry of
Education in Senegal (recruited by the Senegalese MoE for the on-going
Education Sector Program).Program Implementation Plan. During the
preparation mission, it was decided: (i) to develop a PIP for each
specific component; (ii) that the teams who developed the components and
will also develop the related module of the Implementation Plan. A
detailed methodology for preparing the Project Implementation Plan was
distributed to all preparation teams. This methodology included: (i) a
Guide for the design of the Implementation Plan for each
component/sub-component of the program, including a specific standard form
to be filled by the teams; (ii) a training session for each team on the
use of the Guide/standard form. The WB task team provided support to all
the Mauritanian teams for the start-up of the preparation on each
individual module of the Implementation Plan. The first draft of the PIP
is expected to be available by mid-April. Program Costing. The Mauritanian
program preparation team has already developed and costed the program
components and sub-components. It was agreed that the translation of this
initial program costing into the COSTAB cost-tables would be done by a
Mauritanian team to develop Client's ownership. A group of staff from the
MOE, the DPEF and the MAED has been set up for this purpose under DPEF
leadership. A short term technical assistance for training this team on
COSTAB software is currently provided by a specialist from the Ministry of
Education in Senegal. The finalization of the COSTAB cost-tables are
expected before pre-appraisal.
7. Sustainability
The simulation model confirms that the major determinants of
sustainability of the program are the evolution of teachers' salaries and
the transition rates from primary to lower-secondary. Regarding the
compensation policies, an increase of 24% of the average salary in real
terms, including the special incentives for bilingual teachers and for
teachers appointed to remote areas, is envisaged, and has been included in
the financial simulation. Although this represents a significant salary
gain, the average teacher salary will increase at a slightly lower rate
than the per capita GDP over the same period. Therefore, the average
teacher salary will decline to 4.5 times the per capita GDP, from 5.1
times at present. Despite this slight relative decrease, international
comparisons show that the average teachers' compensation remains
reasonably high.The transition rates from primary to lower-secondary and
then to upper-secondary have been kept unchanged from their current level
of 50%.  Despite this stable transition rate, the combination of
demographic growth and the significant improvement of the retention rate
of primary education produced, over 10 years, an increase in the number of
new students in the first year of secondary from 18,344 to 35,000, and an
increase in enrollment at that level from 35,000 to 92,000. A simulation
has shown that a transition rate of 70% would imply an increase of the new
entrants to 48,000 and of total enrollment to 126,000. Although such an
increase would be desirable to achieve quickly the goal of universal basic
education, it would not be realistic on financial grounds, and would
probably exceed the limit of the country's planning and implementation
capacities.Given the policies discussed above the ESDP would be
sustainable with the following assumptions: (i) realistic economic
performances, based on an average annual economic growth of 6% and a rate
of fiscal mobilization of 27.8 %; and (ii)   the share of education in
total public revenues increases from 13.5% to 16.5%, and as a share of GDP
- 11 -



from 3.7w to 4.6w .
8. Lessons learned from past operations in the country/sector
Lesson 1: Past projects have been limited to sub-sectors where each donor
chooses what to finance, and therefore overall development and improvement
of the whole sector has been lacking. The government needs to develop a
comprehensive and coherent strategy for the education sector that provides
the basis for all donor intervention.The government has developed a
coherent strategy for the entire education sector, undertaken an economic
analysis and estimated the cost of implementing the strategy within the
country's macroeconomic framework. Joint annual reviews of program
implementation by the government and donors has been included as part of
the government's effort to ensure donor coordination in the education
sector. Lesson 2: Institutional capacity development in the Ministry of
Education has been slow and limited partly because it has been based on
the narrow concept of borrowing skills through technical assistants and
training. Long-term technical assistants were often under-utilized and
there were no clear plans to ensure the transfer of knowledge to their
Mauritanian counterparts. Training was often ad hoc and not based on a
coherent strategy for sector improvement. The proposed program addresses
these issues by taking a broader, more holistic and operational
perspective of capacity building. It will deal with all the elements of
institutional capacity such as organization, planning, administration,
financial, human and material resource improvement and management. The
program will depend on the existing management capacity of the project
coordination unit in the Ministry of Economic Affairs and Development
during the first phase, while the institutional capacity of the Ministry
of Education is being strengthened. The technical capacity of staff at
the central, regional and district levels of the Ministry of Education
will be developed, and dependence on external technical assistance will
then be limited to specific areas of high level expertise. Lesson 3:
Efficient service delivery and improvements in the quality of the teaching
and learning process depend on management structures that are closer to
the schools and an empowered teaching force. Previous projects have not
paid sufficient attention to the decentralization of educational
management and planning nor to the empowerment of teachers and school
directors to take full responsibility for educational outcomes in their
schools. The current program design draws on deconcentration experiences
from neighboring countries, such as Guinea, Senegal and Mali, which have
clearly defined the roles of regional and district structures. It seeks
to develop a good education information and management system (EMIS) and a
functional monitoring capacity at all levels. The program will support a
pilot school improvement initiative with the aim of developing and
management capacity at the school level. The roles of inspectors in
in-service teacher training will be redefined so that they respond to
teacher-driven training initiatives that the program will support. Lesson
4: The textbook sales approach and the book distribution methods that
have been used in past projects, have left many children, particularly
those of the poor, without textbooks in the classroom. This has seriously
impeded effective teaching and learning in schools and has been one of the
causes of internal inefficiency. The proposed program is designed to
ensure that all children at the primary level receive a set of four
textbooks in the core subjects. The textbook policy and distribution
system will be revised and schools will be responsible for taking care of
the books. Schools will be provided with other didactic materials that
- 12 -



will enhance the teaching and learning process. Teachers will receive
sufficient training in the development of new ways of responding to the
wide range of pupils' learning needs. Lesson 5: The effectiveness of
community participation in primary school construction has been
demonstrated in past projects. The approach has promoted local ownership
of schools and has encouraged community financing. The current program is
designed to continue the support for community participation in primary
school construction while reducing the long and tedious bureaucratic steps
that they need to follow to obtain financing. The program will also
encourage community involvement in decision-making and the local
management of the schools through school boards and parent teacher
associations. Lesson 6: Private sector provision of education has been
weak at the primary and secondary levels and does not exist at the level
of higher education. Private financing and provision of technical and
vocational (education) have been limited. For the government to promote
access to education and improve its relevance, it would need to stimulate
the development of private sector provision and financing for general,
technical and vocational education.The program is designed to make
available a support fund for the development of private primary and
secondary education in order to attain the access objective of the
education sector program. A training support fund will also be
established to fund skills acquisition programs and improve the planning
and management of technical education and vocational training centers.
Links will be established with employers and information about labor
market demand and employment trends will be collected regularly in order
to provide feedback into the education sector.
9. Program of Targeted Intervention (PTI)     Y
10. Environment Aspects (including any public consultation)
Issues     :  No major issues are expected. The ESDP is being
reviewed by AFTES.
11. Contact Point:
Task Manager
Mourad Ezzine
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington D.C. 20433
Telephone: 202 473 2290
Fax: 202 473 8216
12. For information on other project related documents contact:
The InfoShop
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone: (202) 458-5454
Fax:        (202) 522-1500
Web: http:// www.worldbank.org/infoshop
Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain components may
not be necessarily included in the final project.
- 13 -



This PID was processed by the InfoShop during the week ending May 4, 2001.
- 14 -



