Report No. PID10895
Project Name                     Lithuania-Lithuania Education Improvement Project
Region                           Europe and Central Asia Region
Sector                           Primary Education; Secondary Education
Project ID                       LTPE70112
Borrower(s)                      GOVERNMENT OF LITHUANIA
Implementing Agency
Address MINISTRY OF EDUCATION AND SCIENCE
Address: Volano Str. 2/7 Vilnius 2691
Lithuania
Contact Person: Vida Bandiene
Tel: (3702)743-162
Environment Category             B
Date PID Prepared                January 24, 2002
Projected Appraisal Date         February 7, 2002
Projected Board Date             May 23, 2002
1. Country and Sector Background
The Government of Lithuania has embarked on a bold program of educational
reforms. These reforms are intended to increase the relevance, quality
and cost-effectiveness of education at all levels. Its key principles and
guidelines are reflected in the new 1991 Education law and in a document
entitled The General Concept of Education in Lithuania, published in
1992. This effort has continued without interruption through several
changes of government and enjoys support from the major stakeholders.
Children start first grade at age 7 but they have the option to attend
preschool and kindergarten (grade "zero") prior to that. There are plans
to make grade "zero" compulsory. Primary school constitutes the first
level of schooling and covers grades 1-4.     Basic school covers grades
5-10, and upon completion, students may enter upper secondary education
(grades 11-12), a vocational school, or go to work. Schooling up to basic
education is compulsory and free. Enrollments have declined at the
preschool level since independence. However, enrollments in grade zero
have increased significantly in the last few years and were reaching 66t
of children in 1998. In the year 1999-2000 about 599,294 students were
enrolled in grades 1-12, plus an additional 93,444 that were enrolled in
preschool and kindergarten and 33,225 in vocational schools attaining
general education. Including all possible types of ownership (state,
municipality and private), there were 821 primary schools (738 of them in
rural villages), 578 basic schools (534 of them in rural villages), 710
secondary schools (of which 252 were in rural areas and 42 were
Gymnasiums), 24 Youth schools that offer a combination of general
education and vocational training for students with learning problems.
Student teacher ratios were about 12:1 in preschool, 17:1 in primary and
11:1 in basic and secondary. Rural schools are small: about 22 students
per primary school (grades 1-4) and 104 per basic school (grades 5-10)
compared to urban school that have about 313 students in primary grades
and 297 in basic. A peculiar characteristic of the system in Lithuania is



the possibility to organize schooling it in separate administrative units
(schools). As a result, a very complex structure combining different
stages can be found, even within a single institution. There are primary
school with only grades 1-4, and basic schools with grades 5-9(10) and
with 1-9(10); secondary schools with grades 10(11)-12, 1-12. and 5-12;
Gymnasium with grades 9-12; Art Gymnasium with grades 1-12 and Youth
schools for grades 7-10.       The reform program has focused on changing
the structure and organization of schooling, standardization of
examinations and assessments, decentralization of governance and finances,
and optimization of the educational infrastructure. Structural Reforms.
Although structural reforms affect all sectors of the education system,
the focus has been on the upper secondary level. The period of compulsory
education has been increased from 9 to 10 years with the tenth year being
incorporated into basic education. Schools providing upper secondary
instruction are being transformed into either gymnasiums or vocational
schools. The gymnasiums will be given the option to stress one of two
curricula: the sciences and mathematics, or the humanities and social
sciences. Students in gymnasiums will be offered integrated instruction
in broad areas of study during the ninth and tenth years of school. The
most significant change in the vocational education sector has been the
creation of higher vocational (post-secondary) institutions- officially
called higher non-university institutions or colleges. These institutions
will provide tertiary training but will not lead to the award of the BA
degree. Examinations and Assessments. Standardized, national matura exams
in both mandatory and elective subjects have been introduced at the end of
the twelfth year. The matura has also been made to serve as a unified
entrance exam to higher education.Governance and Finance. The reform
program has sought to increase accountability to parents and students
through the introduction of choice of school by students and parents,
capitation based funding, and systematic review of the stock of school
buildings. The 56 municipal governments have been assigned responsibility
for the management of education budgets. A municipality serves an average
of about 15,000 students.Improve efficiency. Lithuania spends almost twice
as much per students for heating as Western systems in similar climates.
This is due primarily to inefficient designs and maintenance of heating
systems and ventilation and, in some cases, to low quality construction
and/or poor state of repair. The cost of heating school buildings could in
principle be reduced by investment in upgrading of mechanical systems and
improvement in insulation properties of buildings. The return on these
investment depends on a series of factors including school design and year
of construction.The number of students in Lithuanian schools has been in
constant decline in the last ten years. The number of schools, classes and
teachers, however has not been reduced in line with decline in enrollment,
this has lead to very generous average pupil-teacher ratio which in
primary schools is equal to 17:1 and an average class size of 21. As a
consequence, an increased proportion of scarce resources is now devoted to
salaries and building operations at the expense of investment on education
materials, upgrading of teaching skills and knowledge of teachers, and
maintenance of school buildings. There is considerable scope for improving
efficiency in the allocation of school resources at the municipal level.
Since municipalities and individual catchment areas will not experience
the same rate of decline in their school age populations, policy changes
will affect them differently requiring that school planning and resource
mobilization be carried out at the school and municipality level.
Municipalities lack appropriate incentives and technical capacity to
- 2 -



prepare and implement school optimization plans. The MES needs to work
with municipalities to develop a comprehensive framework and a methodology
that will provide the right incentives and the technical tools to develop
and carry out a plan of school amalgamation and closures.The government
has initiated efforts to optimize the distribution and capacity of schools
in order to implement the structural changes outlined above and to reduce
costs. It has also focused particular attention on the high cost of
operating and maintaining existing schools. A sharp decline in the size of
cohorts entering the first year of primary schools has compounded the
problem of uneconomically small class sizes and excessive staffing,
particularly in rural areas. In addition, the cost of operating school
buildings has been excessively high because of the inefficient design of
many buildings and their mechanical systems, as well as neglect of routine
maintenance. The general priorities for the renovation of schools
include: (a) improve heating and insulation systems; (b) ensuring hygienic
conditions; (c) providing access for disabled children; (d) repartitioning
interiors to allow both larger classes and more flexible use of teaching
space; (e) providing gymnasiums with adequate library, computer,
laboratory and workshop space; (f) offering student transportation in
order to provide access to (and choice from among) a diverse collection of
schools and programs.The optimization of the network is also expected to
bring about the closing of schools and a consequent reduction in recurrent
expenditures. The closure of schools will lower costs for heating,
lighting and maintaining buildings and also result in a need for fewer
teachers. The government will introduce a new formula for the allocation
of budgetary funds in 2002 that places emphasis on the number of students
being taught. It is expected that this change will make it attractive for
both municipalities and schools to restructure their spending and to
allocate more money for equipment and other quality enhancing inputs in
order to attract students.Improve quality of teaching and learning in
general education. The adoption of market principles of economic
organization together with the development of a democratic society and the
entry of Lithuania into the European Union will require a profound
transformation of the goals, aims, organization and delivery of education.
Significant progress has been achieved in the revision of the curriculum,
the introduction of new standards and the establishment of a modern
assessment system. To consolidate these changes teachers need to be
retrained to equip them with the new teaching skills based on
collaborative learning and critical thinking. At the same time, schools
and classrooms need to be equipped with modern teaching aids that promote
the same type of learning practices among students and that facilitate
collaboration and continuous learning among teachers.
2. Objectives
The project seeks to improve the quality of teaching and learning in basic
education (grades five to ten), and to make a more efficient use of the
financial, human and physical resources allocated to education, by
supporting municipalities in their effort to optimize their school network
and by improving energy efficiency and space utilization in an initial
group of sixty-five targeted schools. To achieve these objectives the
project will: (i) improve the provision of teaching aids in basic
education based on the demands of the new curriculum; (ii) upgrade skills
and knowledge of teachers working basic education, to equip them with new
teaching skills that promote collaborative learning and critical thinking;
(iii) support the creation of communities of learners in basic education
- 3 -



to facilitate collaboration and continuous learning among teachers through
the use of information technology and the internet; (iv) support the
establishment of a center to monitor education quality by strengthening
MES capacity to conduct policy analysis, modernizing the current education
management information system and enhancing the current capacity of the
sector for conducting systematic assessment of students performance; (v)
modernize the current system of school certification and supervision by
introducing new tools and methods for school self evaluation, which will
be complemented by independent external audits; (vii) develop and
introduce at the municipal level a methodology for school consolidation,
merger and closure; and (viii) improve the energy efficiency as well as
the properties of building envelops, ventilation, lighting and hygiene in
sixty-five schools. To facilitate project implementation, the program will
support the establishment of a small project coordination unit (PCU)
responsible for providing support to MES in areas such as procurement,
financial management, project coordination, and communication and
information.
3. Rationale for Bank's Involvement
No other donor agency is available to provide either the technical or
financial resources to support sector wide reform in Lithuania. In
addition, the Bank brings the experience of supporting education reforms
in other countries in the region. Particularly relevant for Lithuania is
the case of Latvia.
4. Description
The main project goal is to improve educational achievement of students
attending basic education. To achieve this goal the project is organized
around two main objectives. The first objective is to enhance the quality
of teaching and learning and the second is to optimize the use of
education funds and resources. These objectives would be achieved through
five main project components, namely: (i) enhancement of teaching and
learning conditions in schools; (ii) modernizing the system of education
quality management; (iii) upgrading of schools facilities to improve
energy efficiency; (iv) strengthening the capacity of municipalities to
develop and implement school network optimization plans; and (v)
enhancement of MES capacity for project management and implementation
through the establishment of a Project Co-ordination Unit (PCU).Component
1: Quality LearningObjective: To enhance teaching and learning conditions
in basic educationSub-component 1.1: Teaching and LearningThe objective of
this sub-component is to enhance teaching and learning conditions in basic
education. It will do so through 3 main interventions aimed at (i)
upgrading teaching skills and knowledge of teachers in basic schools to
promote the use of active learning strategies, cooperation-based work
methods and of alternative student assessment methods, and ensure
effective use of modern teaching aids; (ii) providing teaching aids for
basic education according to the demands of the new curriculum; and (iii)
supporting the creation of communities of learners in schools through the
use of different IT technologies and the internet. The project will
finance: (a) training of teachers; (b) development and publication of
teaching guides, booklets and didactic units aimed at supporting teachers
professional development; (c) provision of teaching aids like sets of
classroom libraries to stimulate reading for pleasure, visual aids,
puzzles and games, reference materials like dictionaries and atlas, and
science kits;   (d) equipment for schools like overhead projectors and
- 4 -



copying machines; (e) technical assistance for development of training
programs and materials; (f) computers and software for schools (g) shelves
and tables for school libraries; and (h) resources for the libraries.The
training of teachers will be focused on the school as an integral unit,
and it will be delivered in three phases. The first phase will have a
duration of two years and will provide training to approximately 250
teachers from 60 basic schools, that will selected based on the
willingness of the school to be involved in the experience, the potential
of some of the teachers to serve as trainers, the commitment of at least
two teachers to serve as change agents on the second and third phase, the
potential of the schools to achieve the main objectives of this activity,
i.e. develop new teaching and learning skills, establish small communities
of learning involving teachers as well as students. The second phase will
involve approximately 1,500 teachers from 220 schools and will use some of
the teachers trained in phase one as facilitators and trainers. The third
phase will follow the model established in phase two where trained
teachers will act as facilitators and trainers of the remaining
teachers.Logistically, the country will be divided in five regions with
approximately 12 schools per region. In each region the schools will be
divided in two groups of six with a total of 18 to 30 teachers each. In
other words, the entire phase one will be conducted in ten separate
subgroups or clusters (2 per region) that will follow identical teacher
development initiatives. The actual teacher development initiative will be
carried out over a two year period where group of teachers will
participate on an integrated combination of intensive training workshops,
followed by collegial on-the-job learning activities and reflection days.
The training will be supported by the provision of new teaching and
learning aids that will support the utilization of the active learning
methods and alternative student assessment tools acquired during the
training.It is expected that as a result of the training active learning
communities will be established in each school and a network of learning
communities will operate throughout the country. The creation of such
network would ensure sustainability in the development of a new teaching
and learning environment in basic schools.In order to ensure that
materials provided are in line with new curriculum demands, special
attention will be paid to the criteria for selecting those materials.
National and international curriculum experts and teachers will work on
the development of the initial set of materials to be procured. In
addition, teachers will be given the opportunity to participate in the
selection of materials to be procured at their schools, given that they
know best what is needed in their classrooms. To support the effective
use of these new materials, training programs will be organized at the
school level providing opportunities for teachers to share their
experiences and improve their practices. Their training will be supported
by the provision of training materials and didactic units that will guide
them in the use of the materials in their classroom practices. The
development of new teaching and learning practices in the school will be
supported by having teachers, students and community engaged in joint
learning projects using the potential of the internet. The program will
focus first, on creating the right incentives and support programs for
schools that already have access to equipment and internet to make the
best possible use of it for improving student learning. Training programs
and school grants will be made available to support this. On the basis of
experience gained, the program will be gradually expanded to other schools
in the country.Sub-component 1.2: Education Quality ManagementThe
- 5 -



objective of this sub-component is to enhance the capacity of MES and
local education authorities to manage education with a constant focus on
quality improvements. In order to achieve this, the project will promote
increased use of empirical information in decision making at school,
municipal and national level and will conduct systematic observations of
how the use of information affect student learning and management
performance in school, municipalities and MES. It is expected that these
observations would help education policy makers and managers decide what
information is most useful and effective, and how to present information
to different stakeholders. To do this, the project will: (i) establish a
Center for Monitoring Education Quality (EQC) responsible for developing
the internal capacity of MES to conduct policy analysis. Special emphasis
will be put on strengthening the capacity of MES to generate information
that can be used by local education administrators and schools to prepare
school improvement action plans, and by policy-makers to formulate
education policy and to monitor its implementation and impact; (ii) reform
the current system of school supervision/inspection; (iii) enhance the
current capacity to collect and disseminate education information and to
measure students' achievements; and (iv) upgrade the management skills and
knowledge of school principals.The implementation of these activities will
lead to the creation of a harmonized national multi-tier system of
education monitoring and quality management which will safeguard the
quality of education services. It will be based on reliable statistics,
continuous monitoring and evaluation of student learning, permanent
research, and a modern system of education indicators developed based on
international best practices. It will also encompass a system of internal
and external audit of educational institutions that will be used to design
targeted intervention and training program for education managers aimed at
improving the quality of teaching and school management.The information
will be generated in three distinct processes. First, statistics will be
collected about schools and municipalities (physical facilities,
instructional materials, students, teachers, administrators, costs).
Second, student performance data will be collected as measured through the
assessment of student knowledge of the content of the curriculum at 4th,
6th, 8th and 10 grades. Third, quantitative data on the organizational
culture and processes of individual schools would be generated in order to
monitor their performance and to assist them in the preparation of school
improvement plans. This information will be distributed to stakeholders in
order to get the community more involved in the operation of the schools
and to make schools more accountable to the population that they serve.The
project will finance (a) equipment for the establishment of the EQC, the
modernization of the MES information system and updating the capacity of
the Student Assessment Center; (b) software; (c) training of MES staff on
policy analysis and evaluation, design of student assessment instrument,
collection, analysis and presentation of education statistics; (d)
training of MES, local and school personnel to increase their ability to
generate timely and quality information about system performance and
implementation of policies; (e) training of principals on school
management, and leadership and community management skills; (f) technical
assistance for the development of state of the art student assessment
instruments, standardization of education indicators to be compliant with
EU and OECD requirements, and for the establishment of a new system of
school accreditation, self-evaluation and inspection; (g) printing of
manuals and training materials; (h) data collection and generation of
information in time to inform decisions made in the normal cycle of the
- 6 -



school year; (i) dissemination of information; and (j) analysis of
information connecting policies and practices with outcomes through a
program of educational policy researchBy the year 2005 the QDC will be
operational with qualified staff and appropriate equipment. It main
responsibility will be to support MES strategic planning, policy making
and monitoring functions. The current Education Management Information
System (EMIS) and the Center for Student Assessment will be modernized and
strengthened to equip them not only to collect relevant information to
support policy analysis and decision making but also to inform
stakeholders of the state of the system. Component 2: Resource
utilization.Objective: To optimize the utilization of education funds and
resources.Sub-component 2.1: Energy efficiencyThe objective of this
sub-component is to upgrade school facilities to make school buildings
more energy efficient, improve hygiene conditions, and suitable to
accommodate the learning needs of all students. The MES plans to achieve
this objective through three interventions: (i) improving the efficiency
of heating and ventilation systems, and overall building envelope; (ii)
improving hygiene conditions and provision of school libraries; and (iii)
providing access for the handicapped.The project will finance: (a) civil
works at municipal level; and (b) training of municipal and school
authorities in the utilization of the refurbished facilities to maximize
savings in energy consumption.The MES envisages completing the renovation
of sixty-five school buildings by the year 2005. MES would set the
standards for infrastructure investments and design of educational spaces,
in addition to the standards for optimization of the network.
Municipalities would select one school each, based on a set of predefined
criteria. The schools selected by the Municipalities would benefit from a
package of measures aimed at: (i) energy cost reduction; (ii) improvement
of physical conditions; (iii) improvement of engineering structures and
hygiene conditions; (iv) provision of school library space; and (v) access
for the handicapped. Where required - interiors would be reconfigured in
order to create better conditions for learning and working in small
groups, to set up reading-rooms, to install utilities and equipment in
laboratories, and to create conditions for the disabled to study at the
same school.The selection of individual schools would be conducted in an
open manner and in accordance with agreed-upon local strategic goals.
Schools selected for renovation will have to meet a number of criteria in
addition to being in need of extensive renovations. These criteria
include having a clearly defined role in the newly developing network of
schools and fitting into a feasible local/regional development strategy.
These concerns would be incorporated into the Strategic Investment Profile
that municipalities will be required to present as part of project
submission. MES will subcontract the Housing and Urban Development
Foundation for the implementation of this sub-component under terms and
conditions to be defined by Appraisal.    Beneficiary schools would also
benefit from training in the operation of the refurbished facilities,
along with municipal authorities, in order to maximize savings in energy
consumption. Sub-component 2.2: Optimization of the School NetworkThe
objective of this sub-component is to strengthen MES capacity to assist
local governments implement a program for optimizing their school network
to ensure high quality education in a more cost-effective grouping of
schools. To achieve this objective the project will support MES develop,
together with local education authorities, a strategy and methodology for
a more efficient use of the current school network which takes into
account both the demographic changes of different local communities in
- 7 -



Lithuania as well as the needs of different communities and the
constraints imposed by the local (education) budget envelop. It is
expected that MES will provide technical support to local governments in
the preparation and implementation of their own plans of school closures
and amalgamations.Key issues that would need to be addressed during
project implementation is how to secure consensus on criteria for a viable
school with different stakeholders. This will require wide consultation
with social partners. A cultural tradition in favor of village schools
means that closure proposals could be strongly opposed by local
communities. Municipality councilors and elected Mayors, therefore, need
support in taking hard decisions in the long-term interests of the wider
community. Staff reductions will inevitably lead to increased
unemployment, often in remote areas where few alternative jobs are
available. The funding arrangements for municipalities should be reviewed
to remove disincentives for the removal of surplus places, e.g. by basing
a larger proportion of funding in the state subsidy on pupil numbers
rather than the number of classes. Savings resulting from amalgamations
and closures should be retained within the municipality budget.To achieve
this objective the project will finance: (i) technical assistance for the
development and implementation of a methodology and strategy for school
network optimization; (ii) data collection and surveys; (iii) workshops
for stakeholders and community consultation; (iv) training of MES and
local education policy makers on how to implement the methodology; (v)
printing of manuals, training and information materials; and (vi).
purchase of software.Component 3: Strengthen MES' capacity for Project
ManagementObjective: To provide support to project implementation and
maintain general public informed about reform program.Sub-component 3.1:
Project Coordination Unit (PCU)The objective of this subcomponent is to
establish a small unit to provide: (i) coordination support to MES
departments, various educational institutions and municipal authorities
implementing the project; and (ii) implementation support in procurement,
finance and administration according to World Bank guidelines.The PCU will
support project implementation by ensuring that: (i) project activities
are well coordinated; (ii) necessary project inputs are provided in a
timely and cost-efficient manner; (iii) project resources are
appropriately managed in accordance with Bank requirements for procurement
and financial management; and (iv) effective project monitoring and
progress reporting is carried out. To achieve this objective, the
component will finance: (i) technical assistance and training in project
management, procurement, financial management and disbursements, and
utilization of key software programs; (ii) salaries of PCU staff; (iii)
essential office equipment and software; and (iv) incremental operating
costs of the PCU including the cost of communications, interpretation and
translations, banking fees, transportation, office supplies, equipment
maintenance, and audit fees.The PCU would consist of five staff: director,
coordinator, procurement advisor, financial advisor and
secretary/translator. The unit would function within the MES, as an
integral part of the MES, and it is envisaged that it would complete its
activities within six months of project closing. Sub-component 3.2:
Public Information and Communication CampaignThe objective of this
sub-component is to support project implementation by ensuring systematic
out-reach to various stakeholders to promote project objectives. It will
(i) inform the general public, the teaching community and parents about
the goals and progress of the reform; and (ii) use this information and
targeted messages to highlight the benefits and build support among key
- 8 -



beneficiary groups. This sub-component will implement a campaign strategy
over the life of the project by strengthening the external relations and
communication capability of the MES, running programs and advertisements
on TV, radio and in the newspapers and hosting public events and
seminars.    This component will finance; (i) technical assistance; (ii)
workshops and seminars; (iii) development, production and distribution of
campaign materials, information handouts and booklets; (iv) production and
broadcasting of TV and radio programs and advertisements; and (v) surveys,
focus groups and polls.
5. Financing
Total ( US$m)
BORROWER                         18
IBRD                             25
FOREIGN SOURCES (UNIDENTIFIED)    0
Total Project Cost               43
6. Implementation
The project will be implemented in about four years. The MES will be
responsible for implementing the project on behalf of the Government of
Lithuania. It is recognized, however, that there are several institutions
and municipal/local stakeholders representatives outside the formal MES
that need to be involved in the process of determining project outcomes
and reviewing its impact during implementation. Therefore, MES will
propose an institutional structure which takes into account all major
stakeholders by Appraisal. It is envisaged that it would include the MES
and its related institutions, HUDF, other Government agencies, the
Parliamentary Commission on Education, municipal representatives,
representatives of principals, teachers and parents, relevant NGOs etc.
MES will be responsible for meeting the fiduciary, procedural, legal and
reporting requirements of the Bank and Lithuanian Government. A PCU will
be established as part of MES, with staff to be trained in procurement,
international accounting standards, disbursements and other Bank
procedures. Most sub-components will be implemented by MES Departments
and associated institutions, and municipalities     In order to effectively
implement sub-component 2.1 the MES will subcontract the services of the
Housing and Urban Development Foundation (HUDF). The PCU will propose an
implementation framework by appraisal, including HUDF's advisory and
management responsibilities vis a vis the PCU and the municipalities.5.
Financial Management:The newly established PCU, within the MES, will be
responsible for setting up and operating the financial management system
of the project. The project's accounting will be based on a software that
will be able to produce all the reporting, including the quarterly Project
Management Reports (PMRs), required by the Bank. It is expected that the
software would be installed before negotiations and the system will be in
place prior to the Board presentation.An accountant, with five years of
work experience in PHARE, has already been hired. The accountant will be
responsible for the customization of the accounting software as well as
preparation of project's accounting manual that would cover: (i) the
financial management arrangements for the project, with special emphasis
on accounting and auditing policies, standards and internal controls; (ii)
the format and content of project financial reporting; (iii) the audit
arrangements, (iv) accounting and control requirements for the recipients
of the project's financial assistance; and (v) budgeting and planning
arrangements.Since the Housing and Urban Development Foundation (HUDF)
- 9-



will be supporting the implementation of the energy efficiency
sub-component a capacity assessment of HUDF is presented in Annex xx.The
PCU will be responsible for appointing the auditor and for ensuring that
the financial statements, Special Account and SoEs are audited by an
independent international auditor who would be member of a professional
body that is a member of the International Federation of Accountants,
acceptable to the Bank. The PCU will be required to send the annual audit
report to the Bank within six months of the end of each fiscal year. The
PCU will appoint the auditor no later than the Board date of the proposed
project.The Project will initially disburse funds under the Bank's
traditional disbursement method, including the use of Statement of
Expenditure (SOE), with the future option of moving to the Project
Management Reports (PMR)-based disbursement method with the mutual
agreement of the Borrower and the Bank. To facilitate timely project
implementation, the PCU will establish, maintain and operate, under terms
and conditions acceptable to the Bank, a Special Account at a local
commercial bank.The Bank's Financial Management Specialist will assess
adequacy of the project's financial management system and issue the
Financial Management Certificate before the project is presented to the
Board.
7. Sustainability
8. Lessons learned from past operations in the country/sector
Sub-component 1.1 Teaching and Learning. Good teaching has been
identified as the key to school success and the single most important
cause of increased student learning. Effective teaching will be supported
in the project by specially designed training programs aimed at changing
teachers classroom practices and make effective use of learning
materials. Sub-component 1.2 Policy and Monitoring. The Social Policy
and Community Social Services Development project in Lithuania
strengthened the value of having a centralized management information
system within the Ministry. Its success was highly dependent on a well
developed strategic plan, strategic partnerships with municipalities to
collect and analyze data, and clearly defined roles and responsibilities
of all stakeholders to prevent communication problems. The current
project builds on those lessons to develop the Center for Monitoring
Education Quality (EQC).Sub-component 2.1. Energy Efficiency      Project
design takes into consideration the experience in energy efficiency
renovations gathered during the rehabilitation of schools under the
Housing Pilot/Energy Efficiency project. The MES is also monitoring the
ongoing implementation of school rehabilitation sub-projects financed by
the Municipal Development Project (Loan 4064-LT). MES will determine a
menu of most effective energy efficiency measures based on an in-depth
analysis currently under implementation, of the outcomes achieved at the
sixty-six schools already rehabilitated. MES will prepare guidelines for
a municipal training program to be delivered at the beginning of the
2001/2002 school year, to assist them in their planning, selection and
implementation of future energy efficiency renovations to be financed by
the Project. Both studies and the proposed municipal workshops are being
financed by a PHRD Grant.Sub-component 3.1 PCU. ECA guidelines recommend
that if a PCU needs to be established it should only assume as set of
narrowly defined and specific project functions like procurement and
financial management and helping strengthen institutional capacity at the
- 10 -



MES to manage the project. The design of the proposed PCU is in line with
those recommendations. Sub-component 2.2 Optimization of School Network
and 3.2 Public awareness. The political economy of education reform
recognizes the value of involving education stakeholders at various stages
of reform and to keep the public well informed as a key to successful
implementation. The project design takes care of such need by
specifically including a sub-component to help support such activities and
by developing a participatory methodology to address the controversial
issue of school consolidation.
9. Program of Targeted Intervention (PTI)     N
10. Environment Aspects (including any public consultation)
Issues        No significant environmental issue has been
identified.
11. Contact Point:
Task Manager
Ernesto P. Cuadra
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington D.C. 20433
Telephone:   (202) 473-5311
Fax:   (202) 614-1665
12. For information on other project related documents contact:
The InfoShop
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone: (202) 458-5454
Fax:        (202) 522-1500
Web: http:// www.worldbank.org/infoshop
Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain components may
not be necessarily included in the final project.
This PID was processed by the InfoShop during the week ending February 2, 2002
- 11 -



