Page  1
                                                     CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3276 EC
               (Lower Guayas Flood Control Project)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF ECUADOR
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                        Dated March 8, 1991
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3276 EC
                          LOAN AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated March 8, 1991, between REPUBLIC OF ECUADOR
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Bank to assist in the financing of
the Project;
      (B)   the Borrower intends to obtain from the Minister for
Development Cooperation of the Netherlands (the Minister) a grant
(the Dutch Grant) in an amount equivalent to seven million dollars
($7,000,000) to assist in financing the Project on the terms and
conditions set forth in an agreement (the Development Grant
Agreement) to be entered into between the Bank (acting as
administrator of the Dutch Grant pur-suant to the December 11, 1986
Arrangements between the Bank and the Minister) and the Borrower;
and
      (C)   the Project will be carried out by Comision de Estudios
Page  2
para el Dessarrollo de la Cuenca del Rio Guayas (CEDEGE) with the
Borrower's assistance and, as part of such assistance, the Borrower
will make available to CEDEGE the proceeds of the Loan as provided
in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter alia, of the
foregoing, to extend the Loan to the Borrower upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Project Agreement
of even date herewith between the Bank and CEDEGE;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General Conditions)
constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "ASAs" means the Borrower's Agencias de Servicios
Agropecuarios located in the Project Area;
      (b)   "Group of NGOs" means the group formed by the following
private organizations: Fundacion Natura, Fundacion IDEA, Fundacion
Semilla de la Vida, CORPRORENA, Facultad de Ciencias Naturales de la
Universidad de Guayaquil, Facultad de Agronomia de la Universidad
Laica Vicente Rocafuerte and any other private organization who may
join such group, established for the purposes of assisting in the
monitoring of the execution of Part C of the Project;
      (c)   "DINAF" means the Borrower's Direccion Nacional de
Asuntos Forestales;
      (d)   "DTDR" means the Borrower's Direccion Tecnica de
Desarrollo Rural;
      (e)   "El Churute" means the nature reserve of El Churute,
located in the southwest area adjacent to the Project Area;
      (f)   "IERAC" means the Borrower's Instituto Ecuatoriano de la
Reforma Agraria y Colonizacion;
      (g)   "INIAP" means the Borrower's Instituto Nacional de
Investigaciones Agropecuarias;
      (h)   "INCCA" means the Borrower's Instituto Nacional de
Capacitacion Campesina;
      (i)   "Lower Guayas River Basin" means the portion of the
Guayas river basin located in the southwestern area of Ecuador, with
an area of approximately 8,000 square kilometers;
      (j)   "MAG" means the Borrower's Ministerio de Agricultura y
Ganaderia;
      (k)   "Operating Agreement" means any of the agreements,
satisfactory to the Bank, to be entered into between CEDEGE and an
Operating Entity, as provided in Section 2.01 (b) of the Project
Agreement and Section 6.01 (f) of this Agreement;
      (l)   "Operating Entity" means any of the following entities:
DINAF, IERAC, INIAP, MAG and PROTECA;
      (m)   "Project Agreement" means the agreement between the Bank
and CEDEGE of even date herewith, as the same may be amended from
Page  3
time to time, and such term includes all schedules and agreements
supplemental to the Project Agreement;
      (n)   "PROTECA" means the Borrower's Programa de Desarrollo
Tecnologico Agropecuario;
      (o)   "Project Area" means an area of approximately 170,000
hectares located in the Lower Guayas River Basin, east of the city
of Guayaquil;
      (p)   "Small Farmer" means any farmer holding a farm with an
area of less than 10 hectares in the Project Area;
      (q)   "Statutes" means the Borrower's Decreto Supremo 2672, of
December 2, 1965, published in Registro Oficial No. 645, of December
13, 1965, as amended to the date of this Agreement, which
established CEDEGE; and
      (r)   "Contractual Arrangement" means the agreement between
the Borrower and CEDEGE referred to in Section 3.01 (b) of this
Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                             The Loan
      Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the Borrower, on the
terms and conditions set forth or referred to in this Agreement,
various currencies that shall have an aggregate value equivalent to
the amount of fifty-nine million dollars ($59,000,000), being the
sum of withdrawals of the proceeds of the Loan, with each withdrawal
valued by the Bank as of the date of such withdrawal.
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Loan may be withdrawn from
the Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the Bank shall so
agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and
services required for the Project described in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in Banco
Central del Ecuador on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Bank. Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account shall
be made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1999 or such
later date as the Bank shall establish. The Bank shall promptly
notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a commitment
charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per
annum on the principal amount of the Loan not withdrawn from time to
time.
      Section 2.05. (a) The Borrower shall pay interest on the
principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time to
time, at a rate for each Interest Period equal to the Cost of Quali-
fied Borrowings determined in respect of the preceding Semester,
plus one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%). On each of the dates
specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall pay
interest accrued on the principal amount outstanding during the
preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rate applicable during
such Interest Period.
      (b)   As soon as practicable after the end of each Semester,
the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost of Qualified
Borrowings determined in respect of such Semester.
      (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
Page  4
            (i)    "Interest Period" means a six-month period
                   ending on the date immediately preceding each
                   date specified in Section 2.06 of this
                   Agreement, beginning with the Interest Period in
                   which this Agreement is signed.
           (ii)    "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the cost,
                   as reasonably determined by the Bank and
                   expressed as a percentage per annum, of the
                   outstanding borrowings of the Bank drawn down
                   after June 30, 1982, excluding such borrowings
                   or portions thereof as the Bank has allocated to
                   fund: (A) the Bank's investments; and (B) loans
                   which may be made by the Bank after July 1, 1989
                   bearing interest rates determined otherwise than
                   as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section.
          (iii)    "Semester" means the first six months or the
                   second six months of a calendar year.
      (d)   On such date as the Bank may specify by no less than six
months' notice to the Borrower, paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) (iii) of
this Section shall be amended to read as follows:
                   "(a)  The Borrower shall pay interest on the
            principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding
            from time to time, at a rate for each Quarter equal to
            the Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect
            of the preceding Quarter, plus one-half of one percent
            (1/2 of 1%). On each of the dates specified in Section
            2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall pay interest
            accrued on the principal amount outstanding during the
            preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rates
            applicable during such Interest Period."
                   "(b)  As soon as practicable after the end of
            each Quarter, the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the
            Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of
            such Quarter."
                   "(c) (iii) `Quarter' means a three-month period
            commencing on January 1, April 1, July 1 or October 1 in
            a calendar year."
      Section 2.06. Interest and other charges shall be payable
semiannually on May 15 and November 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Loan in accordance with the amortization schedule set forth in
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.08. CEDEGE is designated as representative of the
Borrower for the purposes of taking any action required or permitted
to be taken under the provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement
and Article V of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this Agree-
ment, and, to this end, without any limitation or restriction upon
any of its other obligations under the Loan Agreement, shall cause
CEDEGE to perform in accordance with the provisions of the Project
Agreement all the obligations of CEDEGE therein set forth, shall
take or cause to be taken all action, including the provision of
funds, facilities, services and other resources, necessary or appro-
priate to enable CEDEGE to perform such obligations, and shall
not take or permit to be taken any action which would prevent or
interfere with such performance.
Page  5
      (b)   The Borrower shall make the proceeds of the Loan avail-
able to CEDEGE under a contractual arrangement to be entered into
between the Borrower and CEDEGE, under terms and conditions which
shall have been approved by the Bank.
      (c)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
Contractual Arrangement in such manner as to protect the interests
of the Borrower and the Bank and to accomplish the purposes of the
Loan, and, except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, the Borrower
shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive the Contractual Arrange-
ment or any provision thereof.
      (d)   Except as the Bank and the Borrower shall otherwise
agree, the Borrower shall carry out or shall cause CEDEGE to carry
out, as the case may be, such actions related to the execution of
the Project as are provided in the Implementation Program set forth
in Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, pro-
curement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Project
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Bank and the Borrower hereby agree that the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and
9.09 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods
and services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) shall be carried out by CEDEGE
pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Project Agreement.
      Section 3.04. (a) Without limitation or restriction to the
provisions of Section 9.01 of the General Conditions, the Borrower
and the Bank agree to undertake, jointly with CEDEGE, during the
month of December of 1994, a review of the progress of the Project,
based on the performance indicators referred to in Section 6.01 (c)
of this Agreement and the report referred to in Section 2.07 (b) of
the Project Agreement.
      (b)   The Borrower shall promptly undertake or cause CEDEGE to
promptly undertake such modifications in the execution of
the Project as shall be necessary, in the Bank's opinion (as a
result of the review referred to in paragraph (a) above), for the
achievement of the objectives of the Project.
                            ARTICLE IV
                   Financial and Other Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) For all expenditures with respect to
which withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on the basis of
statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained in accordance
                  with sound accounting practices, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
     (ii)   ensure that all records (contracts, orders, invoices,
            bills, receipts and other documents) evidencing such
            expenditures are retained until at least one year after
            the Bank has received the audit report for the fiscal
            year in which the last withdrawal from the Loan Account
            was made; and
          (iii)   enable the Bank's representatives to examine such
                  records.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) (i) of this Section and those for
                  the Special Account for each fiscal year audited,
Page  6
                  in accordance with appropriate auditing
                  principles consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Bank;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end
                  of each such year the report of such audit by
                  said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                  as the Bank shall have reasonably requested,
                  including a separate opinion by said auditors as
                  to whether the statements of expenditure
                  submitted during such fiscal year, together with
                  the procedures and internal controls involved in
                  their prepara-tion, can be relied upon to support
                  the related withdrawals; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information con-
                  cerning said records and accounts and the audit
                  thereof as the Bank shall from time to time
                  reasonably request.
      Section 4.02. The Borrower shall, in a timely manner, provide
CEDEGE with the funds required for the efficient operation and
maintenance of the facilities to be built, reshaped or improved
under Part A of the Project.
                             ARTICLE V
                       Remedies of the Bank
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (k) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   CEDEGE shall have failed to perform any of its
obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (b)   As a result of events which have occurred after the date
of the Loan Agreement, an extraordinary situation shall have arisen
which shall make it improbable that CEDEGE will be able to perform
its obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (c)   The Statutes shall have been amended, suspended, abro-
gated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially and adversely,
in the Bank's opinion, the ability of CEDEGE to perform any of its
obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (d)   The Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment
of CEDEGE or for the suspension of its operations.
      (e)   (i)   Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph:
                  (A)   the right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                        proceeds of any loan or grant made to the
                        Borrower, including the Dutch Grant, for
                        the financing of the Project shall have
                        been suspended, cancelled or terminated in
                        whole or in part, pursuant to the terms of
                        the agreement providing therefor, or
                  (B)   any such loan shall have become due and
                        payable prior to the agreed maturity
                        thereof.
           (ii)   Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not
                  apply if the Borrower establishes to the
                  satisfaction of the Bank that: (A) such
                  suspension, cancella-tion, termination or
                  prematuring is not caused by the failure of the
                  Borrower or CEDEGE to perform any of its
                  obligations under such agreement; and (B)
                  adequate funds for the Project are available to
Page  7
                  the Borrower from other sources on terms and
                  conditions consistent with the obligations of the
                  Borrower under this Agreement and CEDEGE under
                  the Project Agreement.
      (f)   Any of the Operating Entities shall have failed to
perform any of its respective obligations under its respective
Operating Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any event specified in paragraph (a) or (f) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period
of sixty days after notice thereof shall have been given by the Bank
to the Borrower;
      (b)   any event specified in paragraph (c) or (d) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur; and
      (c)   the event specified in paragraph (e) (i) (B) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur, subject to the proviso of
paragraph (e) (ii) of that Section.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Loan Agreement, within the
meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   that the execution and delivery of the Project Agreement
on behalf of CEDEGE has been duly authorized or ratified by all
necessary governmental and corporate action;
      (b)   that the Contractual Arrangement has been duly executed
and delivered on behalf of the Borrower and CEDEGE;
      (c)   that key performance indicators to monitor the progress
of the Project, satisfactory to the Bank, have been adopted by
CEDEGE;
      (d)   that an action plan to improve CEDEGE's accounting
procedures and to strengthen its financial staff has been put into
effect in a manner satisfactory to the Bank;
      (e)   that all conditions precedent to the effectiveness of
the Development Grant Agreement or to make withdrawals thereunder
have been fulfilled; and
      (f)   that the Operating Agreement between CEDEGE and IERAC,
for purposes of governing IERAC's participation in the carrying out
of Part B (e) of the Project, has been duly executed and delivered
on behalf of CEDEGE and IERAC.
      Section 6.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (c) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Bank:
      (a)   that the Project Agreement has been duly authorized or
ratified by CEDEGE, and is legally binding upon CEDEGE in accordance
with its terms;
      (b)   that the Contractual Arrangement has been duly autho-
rized or ratified by the Borrower and CEDEGE and is legally binding
upon the Borrower and CEDEGE in accordance with its terms; and
      (c)   that the provisions, set forth or referred to in this
Agreement and the Project Agreement, regarding procurement of goods,
works and services, including consultants' services, are valid and
binding in Ecuador in accordance with their terms.
Page  8
      Section 6.03. The date of June 10, 1991 is hereby specified
for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. Except as provided in Section 2.08 of this
Agreement, the Minister of Finance and Public Credit of the Borrower
is designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Finance and Public Credit
            Avenida 10 de Agosto y 18 de Septiembre
            Quito, Ecuador
            Cable address:                     Telex:
                  MINFINANZAS                    2358 MINFIN-ED
                  Quito, Ecuador
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
             Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                     Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                      248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.                82987 (FTCC)
                                                  64145 (WUI) or
                                                 197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        REPUBLIC OF ECUADOR
                        By /s/ Pablo Better
                                         Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                          RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                        By /s/ Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                            SCHEDULE 1
Page  9
              Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the allocation of the
amounts of the Loan to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                            Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category             Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(1) Works for Part A          42,000,000        100% of foreign
    of the Project                              expenditures and
                                                80% of local
                                                expenditures
(2) Goods for Parts A          1,300,000        100% of foreign
    and E of the                                expenditures and
    Project                                     80% of local
                                                expenditures
(3) Technical assistance       7,400,000        100%
    (including auditing
    services), studies
    and training for
    Parts A and E of
    the Project
(4) Goods, works and           4,800,000         100%
    services for
    Parts C (other
    than those for the
    upper catchment
    area of the Guayas
    river) and D of
    the Project
                            Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category             Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(5) Operation and              1,000,000        100% up to an
     maintenance costs                          aggregate amount
                                                of $200,000;
                                                thereafter 75%
                                                up to an aggre-
                                                gate amount of
                                                540,000; there-
                                                after 50% up to
                                          an aggregate
                                     amount of
                                 $880,000; and 25%
                                   of such costs
                                     thereafter
(6) Unallocated                2,500,000
                     __________
      TOTAL                   59,000,000
                              ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a) the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for goods or
services supplied from the territory of any country other than that
of the Borrower;
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
Page  10
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower; and
      (c)   the term "operation and maintenance costs" means pay-
ments for services, supplies and materials with respect to operation
and maintenance expenditures in respect of the facilities under Part
A of the Project.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no with-
drawals shall be made in respect of payments made for expenditures
prior to the date of this Agreement, except that withdrawals in an
aggregate amount not exceeding the equivalent of $400,000 may be
made on account of payments made for expenditures under Categories
(3) and (4) of the table in paragraph 1 of this Schedule before that
date but after July 15, 1990.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are: (i) to reduce the risk of
rural and urban flooding and resultant losses to life, property and
output in the area of the Lower Guayas River Basin; (ii) to improve
health and living conditions in such area through flood control and
drainage; (iii) to promote agricultural and livestock development
through improved support services; and (iv) to protect and conserve
the natural environment in such area, including El Churute, and in
part of the upper catchment area of the Guayas river.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Bank may agree upon
from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Infrastructural Works in the Project Area
      Construction of bypass (flood-relief) channels connected to
rivers which cause most of the floods in the Project Area; reshaping
of existing river dikes and, where necessary, construction of new
dikes; improvement of drainage and construction of new drains
servicing an area of about 50,000 hectares in the Project Area and
about 10,500 ha. in the area adjacent thereto; cleaning of the
principal natural drains, construction of additional main and
secondary drains and reshaping of existing drains; construction of
all-weather roads on one of the dikes along the bypass channels and
principal drains; upgrading of selected existing connection roads in
the Project Area; construction of bridges and cross-overs across the
bypass channels; installation of culverts and other structures
required for flood control and drainage.
Part B:     Agricultural Development
      Assistance to Small Farmers in the Project Area as follows:
      (a)   Development and strengthening of specific on-farm
research programs, including rice technology, water management,
alternative crops, integrated pest management, mechanization of
small-scale operations and seed production, through the provision of
technical assistance, training and related equipment and vehicles
for INIAP;
      (b)   enhancement of extension services currently available to
Small Farmers, through additional staffing and provision of
technical assistance, training and related equipment and vehicles
for the ASAs and PROTECA;
      (c)   improvement in marketing conditions of the agricultural
output through special extension and farmer training programs to be
carried out by MAG;
      (d)   strengthening of existing Small Farmers' organizations,
improvement of such organizations' structures and promotion of the
participation of individual Small Farmers in Project activities,
Page  11
through (i) the carrying out of an in depth diagnostic review of
such organizations; (ii) construction, staffing and operation of a
regional training center; (iii) provision of technical assistance;
and (iv) organization of courses and workshops to be conducted by
INCCA and DTDR; and
      (e)   provision of land titles to about 250 Small Farmers
through logistic support to IERAC in carrying out the legal
procedures thereto.
Part C:     Environment
      Enhancement of the environmental protection in the Project
Area and the area adjacent thereto through:
      (a)   preparation of an environmental management plan for the
lower and the upper watersheds of the Guayas River Basin;
      (b)   preparation and implementation of a long-term management
plan for El Churute;
      (c)   monitoring of environmental impacts on water bodies,
soil and fauna during the execution of Part A of the Project;
      (d)   development and promotion of integrated pest management
practices to reduce the use of agrochemicals;
      (e)   strengthening the institutional capacity of CEDEGE
and DINAF to carry out environmental protection activities and to
enforce existing environmental regulations; and
      (f)   studies to advance knowledge on selected subjects to
be determined by the Borrower to the satisfaction of the Bank,
including mangrove management and nature reserve protection and
administration.
Part D:     Master Plan
      Preparation of a master plan to establish priorities for the
integrated development of soil, water and human resources in the
area of the Lower Guayas River Basin and in selected areas of the
upper catchment of the Guayas river, such plan to assess existing
public irrigation drainage and flood control projects and those in
various phases of design, and to include a management plan for
institutional, agricultural and livestock development and for
environmental protection.
Part E:     Institutional Development
      Strengthening of CEDEGE's capacity to manage and carry out the
Project and of the institutional capacity of the several
institutions participating in the execution of the Project, and
improvement of the coordination among such institutions, through
provision of technical assistance, training and related equipment
and vehicles.
                         *           *           *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1998.
                            SCHEDULE 3
                       Amortization Schedule
                                           Payment of Principal
      Date Payment Due                     (expressed in dollars)*
On each May 15 and November 15
      beginning May 15, 1996                     2,460,000
      through May 15, 2007
Page  12
On November 15, 2007                             2,420,000
_____________________________
*     The figures in this column represent dollar equivalents
      determined as of the respective dates of withdrawal. See
      General Conditions, Sections 3.04 and 4.03.
      Premiums on Prepayment
      Pursuant to Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions, the
premium payable on the principal amount of any maturity of the Loan
to be prepaid shall be the percentage specified for the applicable
time of prepayment below:
      Time of Prepayment             Premium
                                     The interest rate
                                     (expressed as a
                                     percentage per annum)
                                     applicable to the Loan on
                                     the day of prepayment
                                     multiplied by:
Not more than three years                  0.18
      before maturity
More than three years but                  0.35
      not more than six years
      before maturity
More than six years but                    0.65
      not more than 11 years
      before maturity
More than 11 years but not                 0.88
      more than 16 years
      before maturity
More than 16 years before                  1.00
      maturity
                            SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "Eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
through (5) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "Eligible Expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
allocated from time to time to the Eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount equiva-
lent to $2,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Loan Account and depo-
sited in the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for Eligible Expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to it that
the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the Autho-
rized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the Special
Account shall be made as follows:
Page  13
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Bank a request or requests for a
deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the
Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests, the
Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan
Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or amounts as
the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Bank requests
                   for deposits into the Special Account at such
                   intervals as the Bank shall specify.
            (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank the
                   documents and other evidence required pursuant
                   to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment
                   or payments in respect of which replenishment is
                   requested. On the basis of each such request,
                   the Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower, with-
                   draw from the Loan Account and deposit into the
                   Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                   shall have requested and as shall have been
                   shown by said documents and other evidence to
                   have been paid out of the Special Account for
                   eligible expenditures.
      All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the Loan
Account under the respective Eligible Categories, and in the res-
pective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Bank shall rea-
sonably request, furnish to the Bank such documents and other
evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for Eligible
Expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this Sche-
dule, the Bank shall not be required to make further deposits into
the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Bank shall have determined that all
further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly from the
Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Article V of the
General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this
Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated
to the Eligible Categories, less the amount of any outstanding
special commitment entered into by the Bank pursuant to Section 5.02
of the General Conditions with respect to the Project, shall equal
the equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
      Thereafter, withdrawal from the Loan Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated to the Eligible Categories
shall follow such procedures as the Bank shall specify by notice to
the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and
to the extent that the Bank shall have been satisfied that all such
amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date
of such notice will be utilized in making payments for Eligible
Expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an expenditure
or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Sche-
dule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to the
Bank, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank: (A)
provide such additional evidence as the Bank may request; or (B)
deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Bank shall so request,
refund to the Bank) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or
Page  14
the portion thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless the Bank
shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Bank into the
Special Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such
evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be required to
cover further payments for Eligible Expenditures, the Borrower
shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank, refund to the Bank such
outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Bank, refund to the
Bank all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the Special
Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Bank made pursuant to paragraphs 6 (a),
(b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Loan Account
for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance with the
relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the General
Conditions.
                            SCHEDULE 5
                      Implementation Program
1.    The Borrower shall cause MAG, DINAF, IERAC, INIAP and PROTECA
to employ and maintain staff in adequate numbers and with such qua-
lifications as shall be required for the execution of the Project.
2.    The Borrower shall, promptly upon completion of the works
included in Part A of the Project, reassess, on the basis of the
improvements and benefits derived therefrom, the value of the land
in the Project Area for purposes of collection of real estate taxes.
3.    CEDEGE shall, not later than June 30, 1991, or such later date
as the Bank shall establish, enter into an agreement with the Group
of NGOs to govern the participation of such Group in the monitoring
of the activities under Part C of the Project.
4.    CEDEGE shall, not later than June 30, 1991, or such later date
as the Bank shall establish, furnish to the Bank terms of reference,
satisfactory to the Bank, for the preparation of the management plan
referred to in Part C (b) of the Project.
5.    CEDEGE shall maintain the existing unit within its organiza-
tion in charge of the execution and coordination of the Project
activities with a structure and functions always satisfactory to the
Bank.
6.    Without limitation to its obligations referred to in Section
2.03 of the Project Agreement, CEDEGE shall furnish to the Bank, by
March 31 and September 30 of each year, during the execution of
the Project, monitoring reports on the progress of the Project, in
such detail as the Bank shall reasonably request, and based on the
performance indicators referred to in Section 6.01 (c) of the Loan
Agreement.
