Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2358 GUA
    (Simap-Health, Nutrition and Water and Sanitation Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
            SOCIAL IMPACT AMELIORATION PROGRAMME BOARD
                              (SIMAP)
                       Dated August 7, 1992
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2358 GUA
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated August 7, 1992, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and SOCIAL IMPACT
AMELIORATION PROGRAMME BOARD (SIMAP).
      WHEREAS: (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between Guyana (the Borrower) and the Association, the
Association has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount
in various currencies equivalent to seven million five hundred
thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 7,500,000), on the terms and
conditions set forth in the Development Credit Agreement, but only
on condition that SIMAP agree to undertake such obligations toward
the Association as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary agreement entered into between the
Borrower and SIMAP, part of the proceeds of the credit provided for
under the Development Credit Agreement will be made available to
SIMAP on the terms and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary
Agreement; and
      WHEREAS SIMAP, in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so
defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. SIMAP declares its commitment to the objectives
of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out Parts A, B and C of the
Project with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with the
Operations Manual and appropriate administrative, financial,
engineering, nutrition and public health practices, and shall
provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for Parts A, B and
C of the Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for Parts A, B and C of the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of
Section 3.02 of, and of Schedule 3 to, the Development Credit
Agreement.
      Section 2.03. SIMAP shall carry out the obligations set forth
in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land acquisi-
tion, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement and Parts A,
B and C of the Project.
      Section 2.04. SIMAP shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Subsidiary Agreement. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, SIMAP shall not take or concur in any action which
would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving
the Subsidiary Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) SIMAP shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of Parts A, B and C of the Project, the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Agreement,
and other matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   SIMAP shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of Parts A, B and C of the Project, the accomplishment of
the purposes of the Credit, or the performance by SIMAP of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Agreement.
      (c)   SIMAP shall participate in, and provide to the Borrower
and the Association all the information required for, the exchange
of views referred to in Section 3.07 of the Development Credit
Agreement.
      Section 2.06. (a) When presenting a Subproject (other than a
free-limit Subproject) to the Association for approval, SIMAP shall
furnish to the Association an application, in form and substance
satisfactory to the Association, together with: (i) an appraisal of
the Subproject (including Subproject activities, targeting of
Beneficiaries, total costs and counterpart funds) and a description
of the expenditures proposed to be financed out of the proceeds of
the Credit; (ii) a detailed description of how the respective
Executing Entity and such Subproject meet the eligibility criteria
set forth in the Operations Manual; and (iii) such other information
Page  3
as the Association shall reasonably request in respect of the
Executing Entity and such Subproject.
      (b)   Each request by SIMAP for authorization to make
withdrawals from the Credit Account in respect of a free-limit
Subproject shall contain: (i) a summary description of the
Subproject, including an evaluation of the Executing Entity and the
Subproject according to criteria set forth in the Operations Manual
and a description of the expenditures proposed to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Credit; and (ii) such other information as the
Association shall reasonably request in respect of the Executing
Entity and such Subproject, provided, however, that the first 3
Subprojects of each Subproject Category, regardless of their amount,
shall be subject to the approval process set forth in paragraph (a)
of this Section.
      Section 2.07. SIMAP shall make available the proceeds of the
Credit to Eligible Executing Entities for purposes of financing
Subprojects, on terms whereby SIMAP shall obtain, by written
contract (the Subproject Agreement) with the Executing Entities,
rights adequate to protect the interests of the Borrower, SIMAP and
the Association, including, the right to:
      (a)   require the Eligible Executing Entity to carry out and
operate the respective Subproject with due diligence and efficiency
and in accordance with sound technical, financial, health, nutrition
and managerial standards and to maintain adequate records;
      (b)   require that: (i) the goods and services to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be procured in accordance
with the procedures set forth or referred to in Schedule 3 to the
Development Credit Agreement, at a reasonable price, account being
taken also of other relevant factors such as time of delivery and
efficiency and reliability of the goods and availability of
maintenance facilities and spare parts therefor, and, in the case of
services, of their quality and the competence of the parties
rendering them; and (ii) such goods and services shall be used
exclusively in the carrying out of the Subproject;
      (c)   inspect, by itself or jointly with representatives of
the Association, if the Association shall so request, such goods and
the sites, works, plants and construction included in the
Subproject, the operation thereof, and any relevant records and
documents;
      (d)   obtain all such information as the Association or SIMAP
shall reasonably request relating to the foregoing and to the
administration, operations and financial condition of the Executing
Entity and to the benefits to be derived from the Subproject; and
      (e)   suspend or terminate the right of the Executing Entity
to the use of the proceeds of the Credit upon failure by such
Executing Entity to perform its obligations under the respective
Subproject Agreement.
      Section 2.08. Unless the Association shall otherwise agree,
SIMAP shall not repeal or amend the Operations Manual or any
provision thereof.
      Section 2.09. Unless the Association shall otherwise agree
SIMAP shall: (a) remunerate its staff according to the SIMAP Salary
Structure; (b) adjust the SIMAP Salary Structure from time to time
in terms satisfactory to the Association to ensure the permanence of
qualified staff in SIMAP; and (c) not otherwise change or repeal or
amend the SIMAP Salary Structure.
      Section 2.10. Without limitation to the provisions of Section
2.05 of this Agreement, SIMAP shall prepare and furnish to the
Association reports of such scope and in such detail as the
Association reasonably request as follows: (a) not later than April
30 each year on the execution of the Project, including efficiency
of SIMAP administration and operations, subproject implementation,
Page  4
procurement, audits, technical assistance, budget, annual work
programs, progress on SIMAP's Phase-Out Plan, health sector policies
and monitoring and evaluation activities; (b) not later than January
31, April 30, July 31 and October 31 of each year, on its activities
under the Project including promotion, targeting and impact
evaluation of the Project during the immediately preceding quarter;
and (c) not later than the 15th day of each month, on the number and
nature of the Subprojects approved for financing in the immediately
preceding month.
      Section 2.11. SIMAP shall maintain at all times a reference
price data base, satisfactory to the Association, for all items and
works to be procured in accordance with the provisions of Section I,
Parts A.2 and 4 of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                Management and Operations of SIMAP
      Section 3.01. SIMAP shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial,
nutrition and public health practices under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. Until its disestablishment in accordance with
SIMAP Phase Out Plan, SIMAP shall at all times operate and maintain
its equipment and other property, and from time to time, promptly as
needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals thereof, all in
accordance with sound engineering, financial and public health
practices.
      Section 3.03. SIMAP shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Association for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as
shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) SIMAP shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition, including separate accounts
to reflect all resources and expenditures in respect of Parts A, B
and C of the Project.
      (b)   SIMAP shall:
            (i)    have its records, accounts and financial
                   statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                   and expenses and related statements) for each
                   fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                   appropriate auditing principles consistently
                   applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                   the Association;
            (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                   but in any case not later than six months after
                   the end of each such year: (A) certified copies
                   of its financial statements for such year as so
                   audited; and (B) the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Association shall have reasonably
                   requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Association such other
                   information concerning said records, accounts
                   and financial statements as well as the audit
                   thereof, as the Association shall from time to
                   time reasonably request.
Page  5
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, SIMAP shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                   accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                   records and accounts reflecting such
                   expenditures;
           (ii)    retain, until at least one year after the
                   Association has received the audit report for
                   the fiscal year in which the last withdrawal
                   from the Credit Account or payment out of the
                   Special Account was made, all records
                   (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts
                   and other documents) evidencing such
                   expenditures;
          (iii)    enable the Association's representatives to
                   examine such records; and
           (iv)    ensure that such records and accounts are
                   included in the annual audit referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                   together with the procedures and internal
                   controls involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of SIMAP thereunder shall terminate on the earlier
of the following two dates:
            (i)    the date on which the Development Credit
                   Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
                   terms; or
           (ii)    ten years after the date of this Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify SIMAP of
this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
Page  6
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT)
                   Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      For SIMAP:
            267 New Market Street
            Georgetown
            Guyana
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of SIMAP, or by SIMAP on behalf of the Borrower
under the Development Credit Agreement, may be taken or executed by
SIMAP's Executive Director or such other person or persons as the
Executive Director shall designate in writing, and SIMAP shall
furnish to the Association sufficient evidence of the authority and
the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                         By /s/ Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                         SOCIAL IMPACT AMELIORATION PROGRAMME
                           BOARD - SIMAP
                         By /s/ John Murray
                                         Authorized Representative
