Page  1
                                                     CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2358 GUA
    (Simap-Health, Nutrition and Water and Sanitation Project)
                              between
                              GUYANA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                       Dated August 7, 1992
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2358 GUA
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated August 7, 1992, between  GUYANA (the
Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Project will be carried out by the Social Impact
Amelioration Programme Board (SIMAP) with the Borrower's assistance
and, as part of such assistance, the Borrower will make available to
SIMAP part of the proceeds of the Credit as provided in this
Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Project
Agreement of even date herewith between the Association and SIMAP;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1,
1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Basic Water Subproject" means a Subproject consisting
of one more of the following: installation and rehabilitation of
basic water supply facilities and sanitation systems, and extension
and rehabilitation of small drainage systems;
      (b)   "Day Care Center Subproject" means a Subproject
consisting of one or more of the following: construction, expansion,
rehabilitation and equipping of day care centers, food supplements
for children under the age of five attending day care centers (where
the beneficiaries' contributions are equivalent to at least 50% of
the value of the food), nutrition education for parents and early
child stimulation and education activities;
      (c)   "Eligible Executing Entity" means an Executing Entity
which has been formally approved by SIMAP for carrying out one or
more Subprojects;
      (d)   "Executing Entity" means a governmental or non-
governmental entity or a group of persons or entities, which meets
the eligibility criteria set forth in the Operations Manual and
proposes to carry out or are carrying out a Subproject;
      (e)   "free-limit Subproject" means a Subproject with an
estimated total cost which shall not exceed the sum of $50,000
equivalent, which fully meets the eligibility criteria set forth in
the Operations Manual, has been approved by SIMAP, and which shall
be subject to review and approval by the Association on an ex post
basis;
      (f)   "Health and Nutrition Subproject" means a Subproject
consisting of one or more of the following: construction,
rehabilitation and/or equipping of primary health care facilities,
nutrition surveillance and education, provision of supplies and seed
stocks of essential drugs for primary health care facilities, and
food distribution programs targeted at children from six months to
five years of age and pregnant and lactating women;
      (g)   "MOH" means the Borrower's Ministry of Health;
      (h)   "Operations Manual" means SIMAP's set of manuals,
approved by SIMAP's Board for purposes of the Project on March 24,
1992, which includes operational and organizational structure,
Subproject eligibility criteria, evaluation and approval procedures,
sample contractual documents, administration and information systems
and methodologies for beneficiary targeting and impact evaluation,
as such manual may be amended from time to time by agreement between
the Borrower, the Association and SIMAP;
      (i)   "Procurement Agents" means the consultants referred to
in Section 3.06 of this Agreement;
      (j)   "Project Agreement" means the agreement between the
Association and SIMAP, of even date herewith, as the same may be
amended from time to time, and such term includes all schedules and
agreements supplemental to the Project Agreement;
      (k)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
Page  3
preparation advance granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to an exchange of letters dated April 2, 1991 and April 30,
1991 between the Borrower and the Association;
      (l)   "SIMAP" means the Social Impact Amelioration Programme
Board;
      (m)   "SIMAP Charter" means the Borrower's Social Impact
Amelioration Programmes Board Order 1990, No. 53 of August 9, 1990;
      (n)   "SIMAP Phase Out Plan" means the Borrower's plan of
action, satisfactory to the Association, to phase out SIMAP and
gradually integrate its activities into existing Ministries and
public agencies, set forth in a letter from the Borrower's Minister
of Finance to the Association, dated July 24, 1992;
      (o)   "SIMAP Salary Structure" means the salary structure for
SIMAP staff approved by the Borrower on September 5, 1991;
      (p)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (q)   "Subproject" means a specific project or program which
meets the eligibility criteria set forth in the Operational Manual,
carried out or to be carried out by an Executing Entity and financed
or proposed to be financed by SIMAP with the proceeds of the Credit;
      (r)   "Subproject Agreement" means the agreement, satisfactory
to the Association, entered or to be entered into between SIMAP and
an Executing Entity (and where applicable a contractor or supplier)
for purposes of carrying out a Subproject, as the same may be
amended from time to time, with the consent of the Association, and
such term includes all schedules and agreements supplemental to the
Subproject Agreement;
      (s)   "Subproject Category" means each of the categories of
Subprojects defined in paragraphs (h), (i), (j) and (k) of this
Section;
      (t)   "Subsidiary Agreement" means the agreement entered into
between the Borrower and SIMAP pursuant to Section 3.01 (b) of this
Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time, and such
term includes any schedules to the Subsidiary Agreement; and
      (u)   "Technical Assistance Subproject" means a Subproject
consisting exclusively of the provision of technical assistance to
Executing Entities for the preparation, execution and supervision of
Subprojects.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to seven million five hundred thousand Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 7,500,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special account in the Bank of Guyana
on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Association. Deposits
into, and payments out of, the Special Account shall be made in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
Page  4
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance
shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1996 or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on June 15 and December 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each June 15 and December 15
commencing on June 15, 2002 and ending December 15, 2031. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on December 15,
2011 shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two (2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
Page  5
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 2.09. SIMAP is designated as representative of the
Borrower in respect of Parts A, B and C of the Project for the
purposes of taking any action required or permitted to be taken
under the provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Article
V of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end:
            (i)    shall carry out Part D of the Project with due
                   diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
                   appropriate administrative, public health,
                   technical and financial practices and shall
                   provide, promptly as needed, the funds,
                   facilities, services and other resources
                   required for this Part of the Project; and
           (ii)    without limitation or restriction upon any of
                   its other obligations under the Development
                   Credit Agreement, the Borrower shall cause SIMAP
                   to perform all its obligations set forth in the
                   Project Agreement, shall take or cause to be
                   taken all action, including the provision of
                   funds, facilities, services, staff in number and
                   with qualifications acceptable to the
                   Association, and other resources, necessary or
                   appropriate to enable SIMAP to perform such
                   obligations, and shall not take or permit to be
                   taken any action which would prevent or
                   interfere with such performance.
      (b)   The Borrower shall make available as grant a portion of
the proceeds of the Credit to SIMAP equivalent to the amounts
allocated from time to time to Categories (1) to (5) in the table in
Schedule 1 to this Agreement, under a subsidiary agreement entered
into between the Borrower and SIMAP, under terms and conditions
which shall have been approved by the Association.
      (c)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
Subsidiary Agreement in such manner as to protect the interests of
the Borrower and the Association and to accomplish the purposes of
the Credit, and except as the Association shall otherwise agree, the
Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive the Subsidiary
Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 3.02. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services
required for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of
the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this
Agreement.
      (b)   Standard bidding documents satisfactory to the
Association shall be utilized in the acquisition of works and
services required for the Project and to be procured pursuant to the
provisions of Part A.1 of Section I of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower and the Association hereby agree
Page  6
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of Parts
A, B and C of the Project shall be carried out by SIMAP pursuant to
Section 2.03 of the Project Agreement.
      Section 3.04. (a) The Borrower shall carry out the SIMAP Phase
Out Plan in a manner and according to a timetable satisfactory to
the Association.
      (b)   Unless the Association shall otherwise agree, the
Borrower shall not repeal, amend or postpone the SIMAP Phase Out
Plan.
      Section 3.05. Unless the Association shall otherwise agree,
the Borrower shall maintain, or shall cause SIMAP to maintain, the
SIMAP Salary Structure as provided in Section 2.09 of the Project
Agreement.
      Section 3.06. (a) The Borrower shall enter into, and
thereafter maintain, contractual arrangements satisfactory to the
Association with an agent or agents acceptable to the Association
for handling: (i) the procurement of goods, works and services to be
purchased by the Borrower under the Project; and (ii) audits (under
terms of reference satisfactory to the Association) of the
procurement activities carried out pursuant to the provisions of
paragraph A.2 and A.4 of Section I of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      (b)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under such
contractual arrangements in such a manner so as to protect the
interests of the Borrower and the Association and to accomplish the
purpose of the Credit, and, except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or
waive such contractual arrangements or any provision thereof.
      Section 3.07. (a) Without limitation to the provisions of
Section 9.01 of the General Conditions and not later than
December 31, 1994, the Borrower shall exchange views with the
Association and SIMAP with regard to the progress of the execution
of the Project, the performance of their respective obligations
under this Agreement, the Project Agreement and the Subsidiary
Agreement, the Executing Entities' performance under the Subproject
Agreements, and the achievement of the objectives of the Project.
      (b)   At least 30 days prior to the exchange of views referred
to in paragraph (a) of this Section, the Borrower shall prepare and
furnish to the Association a report, of such scope and in such
detail as the Association shall reasonably request, describing the
Borrower's and SIMAP's actions with respect to the execution of the
Project and the status thereof and of their obligations under the
Development Credit and Project Agreements, respectively.
      Section 3.08. (a) Not later than December 31, 1993, the
Borrower shall: (i) issue a nutrition policy statement defining the
Borrower's policies and programs designed to meet the nutritional
needs of pregnant and lactating women and children under the age of
5; and (ii) prepare and start the execution of a specific plan of
action, satisfactory to the Association, to put into effect such
policies and programs.
      (b)   The Borrower shall carry out such plan of action in a
manner and according to a timetable satisfactory to the Association.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and separate accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices the operations, resources
and expenditures in respect of Part D of the Project of the
Page  7
departments or agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out
of such Part D of the Project or any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section including those
                   for the Special Account for each fiscal year
                   audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                   principles consistently applied, by independent
                   auditors acceptable to the Association;
            (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as
                   available, but in any case not later than six
                   months after the end of each such year, a
                   certified copy of the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Association shall have reasonably
                   requested; and
            (iii)  furnish to the Association such other
                   information concerning said records, accounts
                   and the audit thereof as the Association shall
                   from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                   accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                   records and accounts reflecting such
                   expenditures;
            (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the
                   Association has received the audit report for
                   the fiscal year in which the last withdrawal
                   from the Credit Account or payment out of the
                   Special Account was made, all records
                   (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts
                   and other documents) evidencing such
                   expenditures;
            (iii)  enable the Association's representatives to
                   examine such records; and
            (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                   included in the annual audit referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                   together with the procedures and internal
                   controls involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   SIMAP shall have failed to perform any of its
obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (b)   As a result of events which have occurred after the date
of the Development Credit Agreement, an extraordinary situation
shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that SIMAP will be
able to perform its obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (c)   The SIMAP Charter shall have been amended, suspended,
Page  8
abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially and
adversely the ability of SIMAP to perform any of its obligations
under the Project Agreement.
      (d)   Before the completion of the Project and the fulfillment
by SIMAP of all of its obligations under the Project Agreement, the
Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction shall have taken
any action for the dissolution or disestablishment of SIMAP or for
the suspension of its operations.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 5.01 of
this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of thirty
days after notice thereof shall have been given by the Association
to the Borrower; and
      (b)    any event specified in paragraphs (c) or (d) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   the Subsidiary Agreement has been executed on behalf of
the Borrower and SIMAP;
      (b)   SIMAP has put into effect the SIMAP Revised Salary
Structure in terms satisfactory to the Association; and
      (c)   the Procurement Agents have been employed in terms
satisfactory to the Association.
      Section 6.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association:
      (a)   that the Project Agreement has been duly authorized or
ratified by SIMAP, and is legally binding upon SIMAP in accordance
with its terms;
      (b)   that the Subsidiary Agreement has been duly authorized
or ratified by the Borrower and SIMAP and is legally binding upon
the Borrower and SIMAP in accordance with its terms; and
      (c)   that the contractual arrangements with the Procurement
Agents have been duly authorized or ratified and are legally binding
upon the Borrower and the Procurement Agents.
      Section 6.03. The date November 5, 1992 is hereby specified
for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
      Section 6.04. The obligations of the Borrower under Sections
3.01, 3.03, 3.06 and 3.07 of this Agreement shall cease and
determine on the date on which the Development Credit Agreement
shall terminate or on the date ten years after the date of this
Agreement, whichever shall be the earlier.
                            ARTICLE VII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 of this
Agreement, the Minister of Finance of the Borrower is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of
the General Conditions.
Page  9
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            The Ministry of Finance
            Main and Urquhart Streets
            Georgetown
            Guyana
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   MINFIN                    3038
                   Guyana
      For the Association:
            International Development
             Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT),
                   Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         GUYANA
                         By /s/ John Murray
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                         By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1)  Health and
     Nutrition
     Subprojects:
Page  10
     (a) Goods other            830,000)        95%
         than food                     )
         items, works                  )
         and services                  )
                                       )
     (b) Food items           1,570,000)
(2)  Day Care
     Subprojects:
     (a) Goods other            190,000)        80%
         than food                     )
         items, works                  )
         and services                  )
                                       )
     (b) Food items             330,000)
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(3)   Goods, works             2,090,000        95%
      and services
      for Basic Water
      Subprojects
(4)   Consultants'               140,000        100%
      services
      for Technical
      Assistance
      Subprojects
(5)   Expenditures
      under Part A
      of the Project:
      (a)  salaries,             370,000        100%
           travel,
           training, and
           operating
           expenses
      (b)  equipment,            110,000        100%
           vehicles and
           maintenance
      (c)  consultants           300,000        100%
           services
(6)   Expenditures
      under Part C
      of the Project:
      (a)  equipment              20,000        100%
      (b)  salaries and          110,000        100%
           operational
           expenditures
      (c)  consultants            70,000        100%
           services
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(7)  Consultants                 250,000        100%
     services under
     Part D of the
     Project
Page  11
(8)  Refunding of                550,000        Amounts due pur-
     Project                                    suant to Section
     Preparation                                2.02 (c) of this
     Advance                                    Agreement
(9)  Unallocated                 570,000
                               _________
          TOTAL                7,500,000
                               =========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "salaries" means: (i) salary, benefits and
incentives of staff of SIMAP which in the opinion of the Association
are directly related to Project implementation; and (ii) fees and
per diem of supervisors and interviewers for the living standards
survey to be carried out under Part C of the Project; and
      (b)   the term "operational expenditures" means SIMAP's
expenditures for supplies, security, gas and oil and vehicle
maintenance for activities which in the opinion of the Association
are directly related to the execution of the Project.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of: (a) payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement; (b) expenditures
in respect of a Subproject unless: (i) the Association shall have:
(A) approved such Subproject as provided in Section 2.06 (a) of the
Project Agreement; or (B) authorized withdrawals from the Credit
Account in respect of such Subproject as provided in Section 2.06
(b) of the Project Agreement; and (ii) SIMAP shall have entered into
a Subproject Agreement, satisfactory to the Association, in respect
of such Subproject, with an Eligible Executing Entity; and (c)
expenditures to be financed under Category (1) (b) and (2) (b) if
the aggregate amounts withdrawn from the Credit Account under such
Categories shall be equal or greater than SDR 1,900,000.
                           SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objective of the Project is to assist the Borrower in
mitigating the social cost of its on-going economic adjustment
policies through programs aimed at: (a) improving the health and
nutritional status of the population in the short-term; and (b)
strengthening the Borrower's capacity to plan and carry out social
sectoral policies and activities in the medium-term.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Institutional Development
      A technical assistance program, including the acquisition and
utilization of vehicles and office technology equipment, aimed at
strengthening SIMAP's technical expertise and means to target
beneficiaries of assistance programs, appraise Subprojects and
monitor their execution, evaluate the real impact of Subprojects on
beneficiary groups and maintain transparency and accountability in
the disbursement of funds and in procurement activities.
Part B:     Subprojects
      Execution of Subprojects by Eligible Executing Entities.
Part C:     Evaluation of Social Policies
      A technical assistance program to assist the Borrower's
Page  12
Ministries and agencies in the evaluation and development of social
sector policies and programs, including the development and
execution of a living standards measurement survey.
Part D:     Health Policy Development
      A technical assistance program aimed at strengthening MOH's
capacity to provide basic health and nutrition services over the
medium-term, including the preparation of specific investment and
technical assistance projects.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1995.
                            SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     Procurement Procedures
1.    Contracts for works estimated to cost the equivalent of
$50,000 or more per contract, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.    Contracts for works estimated to cost the equivalent of
$50,000 or less per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent
to $1,400,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis
of comparison of price quotations obtained from at least two
contractors eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Association, provided, however, that in
remote locations (as agreed by the Association) the Executing
Entities may procure such work contracts through direct negotiations
with contractors, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the
Association and up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $700,000.
3.    Contracts for office technology equipment and vehicles under
Part A of the Project up to an aggregate amount equivalent to
$120,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
comparison of price quotations obtained from at least three
suppliers from at least two different countries eligible under the
Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the
Association.
4.    Contracts for goods to be purchased under Eligible Subprojects
shall be procured as follows:
      (a)   Office equipment, furniture and supplies may be procured
under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations from at least three qualified suppliers eligible under
the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the
Association, provided, however, that contracts estimated to cost the
equivalent of $5,000 or less and up to an aggregate not exceeding
the equivalent of $80,000, may be procured through direct
contracting.
      (b)   Medical equipment and supplies and drugs may be procured
under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations from at least three suppliers from at least three
countries eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Association, provided, however, that
contracts estimated to cost the equivalent of $5,000 or less, up to
an aggregate amount not exceeding the equivalent of $50,000, may be
procured on the basis of comparison of price quotations from at
least three local suppliers, in accordance with procedures
acceptable to the Association.
      (c)   Food items may be procured under contracts awarded on
Page  13
the basis of comparison of price quotations from at least two
qualified suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance
with procedures acceptable to the Association, provided, however,
that in areas that only one qualified supplier is available,
contracts for food items not exceeding in the aggregate the
equivalent of $1,200,000, may be awarded after direct negotiations
with such supplier if the prices obtained are within SIMAP's
reference price data base.
5.    Bidders for works estimated to cost $50,000 or more shall be
prequalified as provided in paragraph 2.10 of the Guidelines.
Part B:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of prequalification:
      With respect to the prequalification of bidders as provided in
Part A.5 hereof, the procedures set forth in paragraph 1 of Appendix
1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
2.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each of the first three contracts for
civil works regardless of their estimated cost and each contract
estimated to cost the equivalent of $100,000 or more, the procedures
set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines
shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made out of
the Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure
that the two conformed copies of the contract required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall
be furnished to the Association prior to the making of the first
payment out of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
3.    The figure of 10% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Part C:
      For purposes of this Section, "Guidelines" means the
Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits
published by the Bank in May 1985.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower, SIMAP and the Eligible
Executing Entities in the carrying out of the Project, the Borrower,
SIMAP and the Eligible Executing Entities shall employ consultants
whose qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Association. Such
consultants shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the
"Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and
by The World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in
August 1981.
                             SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
Page  14
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1) to
(7) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $800,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited in the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   requests for deposits into the Special Account
                   at such intervals as the Association shall
                   specify.
            (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   the documents and other evidence required
                   pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the
                   payment or payments in respect of which
                   replenishment is requested. On the basis of each
                   such request, the Association shall, on behalf
                   of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit
                   Account and deposit into the Special Account
                   such amount as the Borrower shall have requested
                   and as shall have been shown by said documents
                   and other evidence to have been paid out of the
                   Special Account for eligible expenditures.
      All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from
the Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in
the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by
said documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
Page  15
this Agreement; or
      (b)    once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
      Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shallspecify by notice to 
the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to
the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the
Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the Association
may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account (or, if the
Association shall so request, refund to the Association) an amount
equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so
eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise agree,
no further deposit by the Association into the Special Account shall
be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence or made such
deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
