Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                     LOAN NUMBER 3991-PAN
                        Loan Agreement
            (Debt and Debt Service Reduction Loan)
                            between
                      REPUBLIC OF PANAMA
                              and
             INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                        AND DEVELOPMENT
                       Dated May 3, 1996
                                                     LOAN NUMBER 3991-PAN
                        LOAN AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated May 3, 1996, between REPUBLIC OF PANAMA
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
     WHEREAS   (A)  On February 27, 1992, the Bank made to the
Borrower the Economic Recovery Loan (the ERL) by means of which
the Bank provided to the Borrower assistance for the financing
of urgently needed imports and services required during the
execution of a program of actions, objectives and policies
designed to achieve structural adjustment of the Borrower's
economy (the Program), all as set forth in the ERL agreement
and the letters dated September 20, 1991 and November 8, 1991
from the Borrower to the Bank;
     (B)  the Bank authorized the release of the first and
second tranches of the ERL upon satisfactory compliance of the
majority of the stipulated conditions and partial or total
waivers of the remaining by the Board of Directors of the Bank;
     (C)  the international banking community has responded
favorably to the Borrower's request, dated October 4, 1995 and
denominated "1995 Financing Plan" (the 1995 Financing Plan),
for participation in a debt and debt service reduction program
designed to support the Program; and
     (D)  the Borrower has requested the assistance of the
Inter-American Development Bank and the International Monetary
Fund for financing a portion of the cost of the acquisition of
Page  2
collateral to secure principal and interest payments on the
Discount Bonds, the FLIRBs and the Par Bonds (all as
hereinafter defined) to be issued in exchange for existing debt
under the 1995 Financing Plan; and
     WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter alia, of
the foregoing, to extend the Loan to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
   NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan
and Guarantee Agreements for Single Currency Loans" of the Bank
dated May 30, 1995 with the modifications set forth in Schedule
4 to this Agreement (the General Conditions) constitute an
integral part of this Agreement.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the
Preamble to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein
set forth and the following additional terms have the following
meanings:
     (a)  "Collateral" means collateral pledged by the Borrower
to secure: (i) principal and interest payments on the Discount
Bonds and the Par Bonds (both as hereinafter defined); and (ii)
interest payments on the FLIRBs (as hereinafter defined), in
accordance with agreements entered into pursuant to the 1995
Financing Plan and to be partially financed out of the proceeds
of the Loan; and "Specific Collateral" means the specific
portions of the Collateral to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Loan under the table set forth in paragraph 1 of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
     (b)  "Collateral Financing" means the aggregate of the
amounts disbursed by the Bank, the Inter-American Development
Bank and the International Monetary Fund explicitly for the
financing of the acquisition of Collateral;
     (c)  "Collateral Pledge Agreement" means the agreement
made by the Borrower in favor of the collateral agent selected
under the 1995 Financing Plan (the "Collateral Agent"), with
respect to the Discount Bonds, the FLIRBs and the Par Bonds to
be issued pursuant to such Financing Plan, in accordance with
which the Collateral for the Discount Bonds, the FLIRBs and the
Par Bonds is to be maintained;
     (d)  "Discount Bond" means any collateralized 30-year
discount bond issued by the Borrower under the 1995 Financing
Plan;
     (e)  "Eligible Debt" has the same meaning ascribed thereto
in the 1995 Financing Plan;
     (f)  "Fiscal Year" means the fiscal year of the Borrower,
which begins on January 1 and ends on December 31 of each year;
     (g)  "FLIRB" means any collateralized 18-year front loaded
interest reduction bond issued by the Borrower under the 1995
Financing Plan;
     (h)  "Par Bond" means any collateralized 30-year par bond
issued by the Borrower under the 1995 Financing Plan; and
     (i)  "Participating Lenders" means the commercial banks
and other financial institutions with Eligible Debt that have
participated in the 1995 Financing Plan.
Page  3
                          ARTICLE II
                           The Loan
     Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the Borrower, on
the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in this
Agreement, an amount equal to thirty million Dollars ($30,000,000).
     Section 2.02. The amount of the Loan may be withdrawn from
the Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule
1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the Bank
shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the acquisition of
Collateral required for the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Loan.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1996 or
such later date as the Bank shall establish. The Bank shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
     Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a
commitment charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent
(3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Loan not
withdrawn from time to time.
     Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay interest on the
principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 3 to
this Agreement.
     Section 2.06. Interest and other charges shall be payable
in arrears on June 15 and December 15 in each year.
     Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal
amount of the Loan in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
     Section 2.08. (a) Upon the occurrence of any of the
following events, the Bank, at its option, may, by notice to
the Borrower, require the Borrower to repay, in advance of
maturity, such portion of the principal amount of the Loan then
outstanding as specified below together with all accrued
interest and other charges thereon:
         (i)   the Bank shall have determined at any time that
               any amount of the Loan has not been used for
               the purpose of the Project as set forth in
               Schedule 2 to this Agreement, in which case the
               amount of the Loan subject to prepayment shall
               be such amount as shall have been so
               determined; and
        (ii)   any portion of the Collateral shall have been
               released to the Borrower and the acquisition
               cost of the remaining amount of the said
               Collateral shall be less than the amount of the
               Collateral Financing in which case the amount
               of the proceeds of the Loan subject to
               prepayment shall be equal to the difference between:
               (A)  the amount of the Collateral Financing;
                    and
               (B)  the acquisition cost of the remaining
                    amount of the Collateral,
               such difference to be multiplied by a fraction
               the denominator of which shall be the amount of
               the Collateral Financing and the numerator of
               which shall be the amount of the acquisition
               cost of the Specific Collateral, less:
Page  4
               (A)  any amounts which have been previously
                    prepaid pursuant to this Section 2.08 (a)
                    (ii); and
               (B)  any amounts which would have been subject
                    to such prepayment but for the provisions
                    of the following sentence.
               The provisions of this subparagraph (ii) shall
               not apply if the Borrower establishes, to the
               satisfaction of the Bank, that the acquisition
               cost of such Collateral so released has been or
               will be used:
               (A)  in the case of two-thirds (2/3) of each
                    such amount subject to prepayment, for
                    expenditures for imported goods that would
                    have been eligible for financing under the
                    ERL or to support further debt or debt
                    service reduction activities of the
                    Borrower; or
               (B)  in the case of one-third (1/3) of each
                    such amount subject to prepayment, to
                    support further debt or debt service
                    reduction activities of the Borrower.
     (b)  The Borrower shall inform the Bank of the occurrence
of any of the events listed in paragraph (a) of this Section
within five (5) working days of the occurrence thereof.
     (c)  Prepayment of all or any portion of the Loan in
accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section shall be made on
a date and in the currency specified by the Bank.
     Section 2.09. The Borrower's Minister of Planning and
Economic Policy or the Vice-Minister of Planning and Economic
Policy are hereby designated as representatives of the Borrower
for the purposes of taking any action required or permitted to
be taken under the provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement
and Article V of the General Conditions including, without
limitation or restriction, preparing withdrawal applications
under the Loan and collecting the documents and other evidence
to be furnished to the Bank in support of such applications.
                          ARTICLE III
                      Financial Covenants
     Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to
be maintained records and separate accounts adequate to reflect
in accordance with sound accounting practices the payments made
in respect of the Project and financed out of the proceeds of
the Loan.
     (b)  The Borrower shall:
         (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
               paragraph (a) of this Section for each Fiscal
               Year audited, in accordance with appropriate
               auditing principles consistently applied, by
               independent auditors acceptable to the Bank;
        (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but
               in any case not later than six months after the
               end of each such year, a certified copy of the
               report of such audit by said auditors, of such
               scope and in such detail as the Bank shall have
               reasonably requested; and
Page  5
       (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information con-
               cerning said records and accounts and the audit
               thereof as the Bank shall from time to time
               reasonably request.
     (c)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on the basis of
statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
         (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in
               accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
               records and accounts reflecting such
               expenditures;
        (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the Bank
               has received the audit report for the fiscal
               year in which the last withdrawal from the Loan
               Account was made, all records (contracts,
               orders, invoices, bills, receipts and other
               documents) evidencing such expenditures;
       (iii)   enable the Bank's representatives to examine
               such records; and
        (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
               included in the annual audit referred to in
               paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
               report of such audit contains a separate
               opinion by said auditors as to whether the
               statements of expenditure submitted during such
               fiscal year, together with the procedures and
               internal controls involved in their
               preparation, can be relied upon to support the
               related withdrawals.
                          ARTICLE IV
                        Other Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower and the Bank shall, from
time to time, at the request of either party, exchange views on
the Program and the 1995 Financing Plan.
     (b)  Prior to each such exchange of views in respect of
the Program, the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank for its
review and comment a report on the Program in such detail as
the Bank shall reasonably request.
     Section 4.02. Without any limitation or restriction upon
the provisions of Section 9.01 of the General Conditions and
Section 2.08 (b) of this Agreement, the Borrower shall:
     (a)  at all times keep the Bank informed of all notices,
certificates and confirmations issued to or received by the
Borrower in respect of the Collateral; and
     (b)  provide to the Bank copies of the monthly reports
with respect to the Collateral to be delivered by the
Collateral Agent to the Borrower pursuant to the provisions of
the Collateral Pledge Agreement within fifteen (15) days of the
receipt thereof.
                           ARTICLE V
                     Remedies of the Bank
     Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (l) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
     (a)  that a situation has arisen which shall make it
Page  6
improbable, in the opinion of the Bank, that the Program or the
1995 Financing Plan, or any significant part thereof, will be
carried out; and
     (b)  that any event shall have occurred that, in the
opinion of the Bank, materially and adversely affects the
maintenance of the Collateral under the agreements entered into
pursuant to the 1995 Financing Plan.
     Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified,
namely, that any event specified in paragraph (b) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                          ARTICLE VI
                  Effective Date; Termination
     Section 6.01. The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of the Loan
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the
General Conditions:
     (a)  that the Borrower has confirmed, in form and
substance satisfactory to the Bank, the availability of
adequate resources to implement the 1995 Financing Plan;
     (b)  that the Borrower's macroeconomic policy framework is
consistent with the objectives of the Program; and
     (c)  that the Borrower has entered, under terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Bank, into agreements with
Participating Lenders for the exchange of Eligible Debt, under
the 1995 Financing Plan.
     Section 6.02. The date of August 6, 1996 is hereby
specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General
Conditions.
                          ARTICLE VII
           Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 7.01. The Minister of Planning and Economic Policy
of the Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower
for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
     Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for
the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
          Ministerio de Planificacion y Politica Economica
          Via Espana y Calle 52 Este
          Apartado Postal 2694
          Panama 3, Republica de Panama
                                                 Telex:
                                                 3683 MIPPE PG
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
            Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:                          Telex:
               INTBAFRAD                          248423 (MCI), or
Page  7
               Washington, D.C.                    64145 (MCI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
               REPUBLIC OF PANAMA
               /s/ Ricardo Arias
                                                Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                 RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
               /s/ Shajid Javed Burki
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                          Latin America and the Caribbean
                          SCHEDULE 1
            Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.   The table below sets forth the Category of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in such Category:
                       Amount of the
                      Loan Allocated             % of
                      (Expressed in         Expenditures
   Category         Dollar Equivalent)     to be Financed
   Specific Collateral  30,000,000         100% of foreign
                                           expenditures
                        __________
       TOTAL            30,000,000
                        ==========
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule the term "foreign
expenditures" means expenditures in the currency of any country
other than that of the Borrower for the acquisition of Specific
Collateral.
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
     (a)  payments made for expenditures prior to November 14,
1995; and
     (b)  the acquisition of Specific Collateral unless:
          (i)  the Bank shall have reviewed and approved the
               procedures for such withdrawals; and
          (ii) the Bank shall have been satisfied, based on
               evidence satisfactory to the Bank, with the
               arrangements made for the maintenance of the
               Collateral.
4.   The Bank may require withdrawals from the Loan Account to
be made on the basis of statements of expenditure for
expenditures under such terms and conditions as the Bank shall
specify by notice to the Borrower.
Page  8
                          SCHEDULE 2
                  Description of the Project
     The objective of the Project is to support the 1995
Financing Plan.
     The Project consists of the acquisition of Collateral for
the purpose of securing the payment of: (a) principal and
interest on the Discount Bonds and the Par Bonds; and (b)
interest on the FLIRBs, such Project to be subject to such
modifications thereto as the Borrower and the Bank may agree
upon from time to time to achieve the above objective.
                          SCHEDULE 3
          Interest and Principal Repayment Provisions
A.   General Definitions
     For purposes of this Schedule, the following terms have
the following meanings.
     (a)  "Disbursed Amount" means, in respect of each Interest
Period, the aggregate principal amount of the Loan withdrawn
from the Loan Account in such Interest Period.
     (b)  "Interest Period" means the initial period from and
including the date of this Agreement to, but excluding, the
first Interest Payment Date occurring thereafter, and after the
initial period, each period from and including an Interest
Payment date to, but excluding, the next following Interest
Payment Date.
     (c)  "Interest Payment Date" means any date specified in
Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
     (d)  "Rate Fixing Date" means, for each Disbursed Amount,
the first day of the Interest Period next following the
Interest Period in which such Disbursed Amount is withdrawn.
B.   Interest
1.   The principal amount of the Loan shall be divided into
Disbursed Amounts.  Interest shall accrue on each Disbursed
Amount outstanding from time to time at a rate based on a
floating rate index prior to its Rate Fixing Date and at a
fixed rate from its Rate Fixing Date, as described in paragraph
2 of this Part B.
2.   (a)  From the date of withdrawal of each amount of each
Disbursed Amount withdrawn and outstanding, to but not
including the Rate Fixing Date for such Disbursed Amount,
interest on each such amount shall accrue, at a rate equal to
the applicable:
          (i)  LIBOR Base Rate; plus
          (ii) LIBOR Total Spread.
     (b)  From the Rate Fixing Date for each Disbursed Amount
until final repayment thereof, interest on such Disbursed
Amount shall accrue, at a rate equal to the applicable:
          (i)  Fixed Base Rate; plus
          (ii) Fixed Total Spread.
3.   For purposes of paragraph 2 of this Part B, the following
terms have the following meanings.
Page  9
     (a)  "LIBOR Base Rate" means, for the Interest Period in
which a Disbursed Amount is withdrawn, the London interbank
offered rate for six-month deposits in Dollars for value the
first day of such Interest Period (or, in the case of the
initial Interest Period, for value the day occurring on the
Interest Payment Date preceding the first day of such Interest
Period), as reasonably determined by the Bank and expressed as
a percentage per annum.
     (b)  "LIBOR Total Spread" means, for the Interest Period
in which each Disbursed Amount is withdrawn:
          (i)  one half of one percent (1/2 of 1%);
          (ii) minus (or plus) the weighted average margin,
               for such Interest Period, below (or above) the
               London interbank offered rates, or other
               reference rates, for six-month deposits, in
               respect of the Bank's outstanding borrowings or
               portions thereof allocated by the Bank to fund
               single currency loans or portions thereof made
               by it that include such Disbursed Amount for
               such Interest Period;
as reasonably determined by the Bank and expressed as a
percentage per annum.
     (c)  "Fixed Base Rate" means, for each Disbursed Amount,
the equivalent of the London interbank offered rate for six-
month deposits in Dollars for value on the Rate Fixing Date for
such Disbursed Amount, expressed as a single fixed interest
rate based on the fixed interest rates corresponding to the
repayment installments of such Disbursed Amount, as reasonably
determined by the Bank and expressed as a percentage per annum.
     (d)  "Fixed Total Spread" means, for each Disbursed
Amount:
          (i)  one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%);
          (ii) minus (or plus) the cost margin, applicable on
               the Rate Fixing Date for such Disbursed Amount,
               below (or above) the London interbank offered
               rates, or other reference rates, for six-month
               deposits, in respect of the Bank's outstanding
               borrowings or portions thereof allocated to
               fund single currency loans or portions thereof
               made by it that include such Disbursed Amount;
               plus
         (iii) the Bank's risk spread applicable on the
               Rate Fixing Date for such Disbursed Amount;
as reasonably determined by the Bank and expressed as a
percentage per annum.
4.   The Bank shall notify the Borrower of LIBOR Base Rate,
LIBOR Total Spread, Fixed Base Rate and Fixed Total Spread
applicable to each Disbursed Amount, promptly upon the
determination thereof.
5.   Whenever, in light of changes in market practice affecting
the determination of the interest rates referred to in this
Schedule, the Bank determines that it is in the interest of its
borrowers as a whole and of the Bank to apply a basis for
determining the interest rates applicable to the Loan other
than as provided in this Schedule, the Bank may modify the
basis for determining the interest rates applicable to amounts
of the Loan not yet withdrawn upon not less than six months'
notice to the Borrower of the new basis.  The new basis shall
become effective on the expiry of the notice period unless the
Page  10
Borrower notifies the Bank during said period of its objection
thereto, in which case said modification shall not apply to the
Loan.
C.   Repayment
1.   Subject to the provisions of Section 2.08 of this
Agreement and paragraph 2 of this Part C, the Borrower shall
repay each Disbursed Amount of the Loan in semi-annual
installments payable on each June 15 and December 15, the first
such installment to be payable on the seventh (7th) Interest
Payment Date following the Rate Fixing Date for such Disbursed
Amount and the last such installment to be payable on the
twenty-fourth (24th) Interest Payment Date following the Rate
Fixing Date for such Disbursed Amount.  Each installment shall
be one eighteenth (1/18th) of such Disbursed Amount.
2.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Part
C, if any installment of principal of each Disbursed Amount
would, pursuant to the provisions of said paragraph 1, be
payable after December 15, 2011, the Borrower shall also pay on
said date the aggregate amount of all such installments.
3.   After each Disbursed Amount shall have been withdrawn, the
Bank shall promptly notify the Borrower of the amortization
schedule for such Disbursed Amount.
                          SCHEDULE 4
              Modifications of General Conditions
     For the purposes of this Agreement, the provisions of the
General Conditions are modified as follows:
1.   The following provisions of the General Conditions are
deleted:
     (a)  Section 5.02.
     (b)  Section 5.04.
     (c)  Section 5.08.
     (d)  The phrase ", except that the Borrower may not so
cancel any amount of the Loan in respect of which the Bank
shall have entered into a special commitment pursuant to
Section 5.02" in Section 6.01.
     (e)  Paragraph (c) of Section 6.03.
     (f)  Section 6.04.
     (g)  Section 6.07.
     (h)  Section 9.04.
     (i)  Section 9.05.
     (j)  Section 9.06.
     (k)  Section 9.08.
     (l)  Section 9.09.
2.   Section 4.01 shall be modified to read:
          "Section 4.01. Currencies in which Withdrawals are to
     be Made. Except as the Bank and the Borrower shall
     otherwise agree, withdrawals from the Loan Account shall
     be made in the respective currencies in which the payments
     to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan have been
     made or are to be made."
Page  11
3.   Section 5.03 shall be modified to read:
          "Section 5.03. Applications for Withdrawal. When the
     Borrower shall desire to withdraw any amount from the Loan
     Account, the Borrower shall deliver to the Bank a written
     application in such form, and containing such statements
     and agreements, as the Bank shall reasonably request."
4.   Section 9.07 shall be modified to read:
          "Section 9.07. Records and Reports. (a) The Borrower
     shall: (i) maintain records and procedures adequate to
     record and monitor the progress of the 1995 Financing Plan
     (including its cost and the benefits to be derived from
     it), to identify the payments financed out of the proceeds
     of the Loan, and to disclose their use in the 1995
     Financing Plan; (ii) enable the Bank's representatives to
     examine the records and documents relevant to the
     performance of the obligations of the Borrower under the
     Loan Agreement; and (iii) furnish to the Bank at regular
     intervals all such information as the Bank shall
     reasonably request concerning the 1995 Financing Plan, its
     cost and, where appropriate, the benefits to be derived
     from it, and the payments financed out of the proceeds of
     the Loan.
          (b)  Not later than six months after the Closing Date
     or such later date as may be agreed for this purpose
     between the Borrower and the Bank, the Borrower shall
     prepare and furnish to the Bank a report, of such scope
     and in such detail as the Bank shall reasonably request,
     on the carrying out of the 1995 Financing Plan, its cost
     and the benefits derived and to be derived from it, the
     performance by the Borrower and the Bank of their
     respective obligations under the Loan Agreement and the
     accomplishment of the purposes of the Loan."
