Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2674 LA
                             Project Agreement
            (Health System Reform and Malaria Control Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                    and
                            PROVINCE OF SEKONG
                          Dated February 4, 1995
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2674 LA
                             PROJECT AGREEMENT
    AGREEMENT, dated February 4, 1995, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the "Association") and PROVINCE OF
SEKONG ("SEKONG").
    WHEREAS: (A) By the Development Credit Agreement of even
date herewith between the Lao People's Democratic Republic (the
"Borrower") and the Association, the Association has agreed to
make available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies
equivalent to twelve million nine hundred thousand Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 12,900,000), on the terms and conditions
set forth in the Development Credit Agreement, but only on
condition that, inter alia, Sekong agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Association as are set forth in this
Agreement; and
    WHEREAS: (B) Sekong, in consideration of the Association's
entering into the Development Credit Agreement with the
Borrower, has agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in
this Agreement.
    NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows.
                                 ARTICLE I
                                Definitions
    Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so
defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth, and
Page  2
the term "Steering Committee" means the Steering Committee of
the Province of Sekong, as established by Decision No. 128/PG
of its Provincial Governor dated May 19, 1994.
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project
    Section 2.01. (a) Sekong declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out
Part (D) of the Project with due diligence and efficiency and
in conformity with appropriate administrative, financial,
economic, engineering, health and sound environmental
practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly
as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources
required for the Project.
    (b) Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, Sekong shall: (i) carry out Part (D) of the Project in
accordance with the Project Implementation Plan; and (ii) not
later than June 30 in each Fiscal Year, beginning with the
Fiscal Year ending September 30, 1995, review with the
Borrower, Sekong and the Association the progress achieved in
carrying out Part D of the Project.
    Section 2.02. Sekong shall maintain the Steering Committee
with membership and terms of reference acceptable to the
Association. The Steering Committee shall be charged with the
responsibility of providing overall policy guidance for
carrying out Part (D) of the Project and for formulating the
general health sector policies under the Sekong Health Plan.
    Section 2.03. Without limitation upon the provisions of
Section 2.01 of this Agreement, Sekong shall:
    (a) At all times carry out the Sekong Health Plan with due
diligence and efficiency and otherwise take all action
necessary for achieving the objectives thereof;
    (b) Prepare and furnish to the Association, not later than
December 31 in each Fiscal Year, a report, in form and
substance satisfactory to the Bank, on the progress achieved in
the carrying out of the Sekong Health Plan in respect of the
preceding Fiscal Year, together with any revisions proposed to
be introduced into the Sekong Health Plan; and
    (c) Exchange views with the Association and the Borrower on
each report prepared pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section,
and thereafter promptly introduce such revisions into the
Sekong Health Plan as shall have been recommended by the
Association.
    Section 2.04. Sekong shall, not later than August 30, 1995,
establish and thereafter maintain on the basis of terms of
reference acceptable to the Association a drug administration
and therapeutic committee responsible for: (i) drawing up and
subsequently regularly reviewing and updating a provincial list
of commonly used high quality-low price drugs and administer
and monitor their distribution throughout Sekong; and (ii)
selecting from the said provincial list the drugs to be
procured under Part D (5) of the Project, distributing said
drugs to the various health centers within Sekong and
supervising their proper use.
    Section 2.05. Sekong shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of Part D of the
Page  3
Project.
    Section 2.06. (a) Sekong shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to
the progress of the Project, the performance of its obligations
under this Agreement and other matters relating to the purposes
of the Credit; and
    (b) Sekong shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of
the Credit, or the performance by Sekong of its obligations
under this Agreement.
    Section 2.07. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for the Project, and to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Credit, shall be governed by the provisions
of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit Agreement.
                                ARTICLE III
                            Financial Covenants
    Section 3.01. (a) Sekong shall maintain, or cause to be
maintained, records and separate accounts adequate to reflect
in accordance with sound accounting practices the operations,
resources and expenditures in respect of Part (D) of the
Project of the departments or agencies of Sekong responsible
for carrying out said Part (D) of the Project.
    (b) Sekong shall:
          (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                paragraph (a) of this Section for each Fiscal
                Year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                auditing principles consistently applied, by
                independent auditors acceptable to the
                Association.
          (ii)  furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                but in any case not later than four (4) months
                after the end of each such year, the report of
                such audit by said auditors, of such scope and in
                such detail as the Association shall have
                reasonably requested; and
        (iii)   furnish to the Association such other
                information concerning said records and
                accounts and the audit thereof as the
                Association shall from time to time
                reasonably request.
    (c) For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, Sekong shall:
          (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                accounts reflecting such expenditures;
          (ii)  retain, until at least one (1) year after the
                Association has received the audit report for the
                Fiscal Year in which the last withdrawal from the
                Credit Account or payment out of the Special
                Account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                evidencing such expenditures;
         (iii)  enable the Association's representatives to
                examine such records; and
Page  4
          (iv)  ensure that such records and accounts are
                included in the annual audit referred to in
                paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                auditors as to whether the statements of
                expenditure submitted during such Fiscal Year,
                together with the procedures and internal
                controls involved in their preparation, can be
                relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                                ARTICLE IV
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
    Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement
becomes effective.
    Section 4.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of Sekong thereunder shall terminate on the
earlier of the following two (2) dates:
          (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
                terms; or
          (ii)  the date twenty (20) years after the date of this
                Agreement.
    (b) If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in
paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the Association shall
promptly notify Sekong of this event.
    Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any
cancellation or suspension under the General Conditions.
                                 ARTICLE V
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
    Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between
the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing.
Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given
or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail,
telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which it is
required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
    For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:                 Telex:
                INDEVAS                  248423 (RCA),
                Washington, D.C.          82987 (FTCC),
                                          64145 (WUI) or
                                         197688 (TRT).
    For Sekong:
Page  5
          Provincial Governor of the Province of Sekong
          Province of Sekong
          Lao People's Democratic Republic
                                         Telex:
                                         4369 (MOF LS)
    Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under
this Agreement on behalf of Sekong, or by Sekong on behalf of
the Borrower under the Development Credit Agreement, may be
taken or executed by the Governor of Sekong, or such other
person or persons as said Governor shall designate in writing,
and Sekong shall furnish to the Association sufficient evidence
of the authority and the authenticated specimen signature of
each such person.
    Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to
be signed in their respective names in Vientiane, Lao People's
Democratic Republic, as of the day and year first above
written.
                                    INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                             By /s/ Callisto Madavo
                                                Authorized Representative
                             PROVINCE OF SEKONG
                             By /s/ Baua Leune
                                                Authorized Representative
