Page  1
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2241 IN
                                    LOAN NUMBER 3325 IN
                   PROJECT AGREEMENT
                 (Dam Safety Project)
                         among
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                          and
               STATE OF MADHYA PRADESH,
                   STATE OF ORISSA,
                  STATE OF RAJASTHAN,
                          and
                  STATE OF TAMIL NADU
                  Dated June 10, 1991
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2241 IN
                                    LOAN NUMBER 3325 IN
                   PROJECT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated June 10, 1991, among INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association), and
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank) and STATE OF MADHYA PRADESH (Madhya Pradesh),
STATE OF ORISSA (Orissa), STATE OF RAJASTHAN (Rajasthan)
and STATE OF TAMIL NADU (Tamil Nadu), (collectively "the
Project States" and individually "the Project State")
acting by their respective Governors.
     WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of
even date herewith between India and the Association, the
Association has agreed to make available to the Borrower
an amount in various currencies equivalent to ninety-six
million two hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR
96,200,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition that
the State of Madhya Pradesh, the State of Orissa, the
State of Rajasthan and the State of Tamil Nadu agree to
undertake such obligations toward the Association as are
set forth in this Agreement:
     (B)  by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Borrower and the Bank, the Bank has agreed to
make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to twenty-three million dollars
($23,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in
the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the State
of Madhya Pradesh, the State of Orissa, the State of
Page  2
Rajasthan and the State of Tamil Nadu agree to undertake
such obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this
Agreement;
     WHEREAS the State of Madhya Pradesh, the State of
Orissa, the State of Rajasthan and the State of Tamil
Nadu in consideration of the Association's entering into
the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, and
the Bank's entering into the Loan Agreement with the
Borrower, have agreed to undertake the obligations set
forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
                      Definitions
     Section 1.01.  Unless the context otherwise
requires, the several terms defined in the Development
Credit Agreement, the Loan Agreement, and in the General
Conditions (as so defined in the Development Credit
Agreement and the Loan Agreement, respectively) have the
respective meanings therein set forth.
                      ARTICLE II
               Execution of the Project
     Section 2.01.  (a) The Project States declare their
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit Agreement, and,
to this end, shall carry out Part B of the Project with
due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial, engineering and
dam safety practices, and shall provide, or cause to be
provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for the Project.
     (b)  Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section and except as the
Association, the Bank and the Project States shall
otherwise agree, the Project States shall carry out Part
B of the Project in accordance with the Implementation
Program set forth in Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
     Section 2.02.  Except as the Association and the
Bank shall otherwise agree, procurement of the goods,
works and services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit and the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement.
     Section 2.03.  The Project States shall carry out
the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05,
9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions applicable
to the Development Credit Agreement and in Sections 9.04,
9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions
applicable to the Loan Agreement (relating to insurance,
use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records
and reports, maintenance and land acquisition,
respectively) in respect to Part B of the Project.
     Section 2.04.  (a) The Project States shall, at the
request of the Association and the Bank, exchange views
with the Association and the Bank with regard to the
progress of Part B of the Project, the performance of
their obligations under this Agreement, and other matters
Page  3
relating to the purposes of the Credit and Loan.
     (b)  The Project States shall promptly inform the
Association and the Bank of any condition which
interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of
Part B of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes
of the Credit or the Loan, or the performance by the
Project States of their obligations under this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 3.01.  (a)  The Project States shall
maintain records and accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices the
operations, resources and expenditures in respect of Part
B of the Project.
     (b)  The Project States shall:
          (i)  have their records and accounts referred
               to in paragraph (a) of this Section for
               each fiscal year audited, in accordance
               with appropriate auditing principles
               consistently applied, by independent
               auditors acceptable to the Association
               and the Bank;
          (ii) furnish to the Association and the Bank
               as soon as available, but in any case not
               later than nine months after the end of
               each such year: (A) certified copies of
               their records and accounts for such year
               as so audited, and (B) the report of such
               audit by said auditors, of such scope and
               in such detail as the Association and the
               Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)     furnish to the Association and the
                    Bank such other information
                    concerning said records, accounts
                    and financial statements as well as
                    the audit thereof, as the
                    Association and the Bank shall from
                    time to time reasonably request.
                      ARTICLE IV
             Effective Date; Termination;
              Cancellation and Suspension
     Section 4.01.  This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which both the Development
Credit Agreement and the Loan Agreement become effective.
     Section 4.02.  (a) This Agreement and all
obligations of the Association, the Bank and of the
Project States thereunder shall terminate on the earlier
of the following two dates:
          (i)  the date on which both the Development
               Credit Agreement and the Loan Agreement
               shall have terminated in accordance with
               their respective terms; or
          (ii) the date twenty (20) years after the date
               of this Agreement.
     (b)  If the Development Credit Agreement or the Loan
Page  4
Agreement or both of the said Agreements terminate in
accordance with their respective terms before the date
specified in paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the
Association or the Bank or both shall promptly notify the
Project States of this event.
     Section 4.03.  All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions applicable to the Development Credit Agreement
or the Loan Agreement.
                       ARTICLE V
               Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 5.01.  Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing.  Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request.  The addresses so
specified are:
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:      Telex:
               INDEVAS             197688 (TRT)
               Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA)
                                    64145 (WUI)
                                    82987 (FTCC)
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for Reconstruction
            and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:      Telex:
               INTBAFRAD           197688 (TRT)
               Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA)
                                    64145 (WUI) or
                                    82987 (FTCC)
     For the State of Madhya Pradesh:
          Chief Secretary
          Government of Madhya Pradesh
          Vallabh Bhavan
          Bhopal, India 462006
                              Telex:
                                   953 705418
     For the State of Orissa:
Page  5
          Chief Secretary
          Government of Orissa
          Bhubanashwar 751001
          India                    Telex:
                                   953 0675210
     For the State of Rajasthan:
          Chief Secretary
          Government of Rajasthan
          Secretariat
          Jaipur 302001, India
                              Telex:
                                   953 0365444 - SECTT IN
     For the State of Tamil Nadu:
          Chief Secretary
          Government of Tamil Nadu
          Fort St. George, Madras, PIN 600009
          India
                              Telex:
                                   953 0418238
     Section 5.02.  Any action required or permitted to
be taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of any Project
State may be taken or executed by its Chief Secretary or
such other person or persons as such Project State shall
designate in writing, and such Project State shall
furnish to the Association and the Bank sufficient
evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
     Section 5.03.  As long as the Bank has not given
notice to the contrary to the Project States and so long
as the Development Credit Agreement shall not have
terminated prior to the termination of the Loan
Agreement:
     (a)  the obligations of the Project States to
consult with, and to furnish information, documents,
plans, reports, records and statements to, the Bank shall
be satisfied to the extent performance in respect of such
obligations is rendered to the Association;
     (b)  the obligations of the Bank to consult with,
and to furnish information to, the Project States shall
be satisfied to the extent such obligations are fulfilled
by the Association; and
     (c)  all actions taken (including the giving of
approvals or granting of waivers) by the Association
pursuant to the Development Credit Agreement shall be
deemed to be taken pursuant to both the Development
Credit Agreement and the Loan Agreement, and in the name
and on behalf of both the Association and the Bank.
     Section 5.04.  This Agreement may be  executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
Page  6
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                 AND DEVELOPMENT
               By /s/  Attila Karaosmanoglu
                                Regional Vice President
                                                   Asia
               STATE OF MADHYA PRADESH
               STATE OF ORISSA
               STATE OF RAJASTHAN
               STATE OF TAMIL NADU
               By /s/  Anil Kumar
                              Authorized Representative
                      SCHEDULE 1
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:     Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
     Except as provided in Part D hereof, civil works,
equipment and vehicles shall be procured under contracts
awarded in accordance with procedures consistent with
those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines
for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of equipment and vehicles in
accordance with the procedures described in Part A
hereof, goods manufactured in India may be granted a
margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the
Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2
thereto.
Part C:   Preference for Domestic Contractors
     In the procurement of works in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, the Borrower may
grant a margin of preference to domestic contractors in
accordance with and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraph
5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   (a)  Except as provided in paragraph 2 hereof,
contracts for civil works estimated to cost less than the
equivalent of $10,000,000 per contract may be awarded on
the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the
Page  7
Association and the Bank.
     (b)  Bidders for civil works estimated to cost the
equivalent of $2,000,000 or more per contract shall be
prequalified as described in paragraph 2.10 of the
Guidelines.
2.   Civil works estimated to cost less than the
equivalent of $200,000 per contract may be carried out
through force account or unit price contract, provided,
however, that the aggregate thereof shall not exceed
$10,000,000.
3.   Except as provided in paragraph 4 hereof, equipment
and vehicles estimated to cost less than the equivalent
of $200,000 per contract may be procured on the basis of
competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance
with procedures satisfactory to the Association and the
Bank.
4.   Equipment and vehicles estimated to cost less than
the equivalent of $20,000 per contract up to an aggregate
amount not exceeding the equivalent of $4,000,000 may be
procured under quotations solicited from a list of at
least three suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the
Association and the Bank.
Part E:   Review by the Association and the Bank of
Procurement         Decisions
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to (i) each contract awarded under
Part A above; (ii) each contract for civil works
estimated to cost the equivalent of $200,000 or more; and
(iii) each contract for equipment and vehicles estimated
to cost the equivalent of $100,000 or more, the
procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1
to the Guidelines shall apply.  Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished
to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall
be furnished to the Association and the Bank prior to the
making of the first payment out of the Special Account in
respect of such contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the pre- ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply.  Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Association and the Bank pursuant to
said paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the Association
and the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 3 to the Development
Credit Agreement.
     (c)  The provisions of the preceding sub-paragraph
(b) shall not apply to contracts on account of which the
Association and the Bank have authorized withdrawals from
the Credit Account on the basis of statements of
expenditure.  Such contracts shall be retained in
accordance with Section 4.01 (c) (ii) of the Development
Credit Agreement.
2.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of para-graph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Page  8
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist the Borrower and the Project
States in carrying out the Project, the Borrower and the
Project States shall employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Association and
the Bank. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to
the Association and the Bank on the basis of the
"Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank
Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency"
published by the Bank in August 1981.
                      SCHEDULE 2
                Implementation Program
1.   Each Project State shall:
     (a)  cause its DSO: (i) to establish priority
          criteria for carrying out inspection of
          Category II Dams in such State; (ii) to
          establish and maintain a schedule of
          inspection of such Dams, making such revisions
          thereto as may be required, based on such
          criteria; and (iii) to carry out inspection of
          such Dams in accordance with such schedule
          following procedures and guidelines issued by
          NCDS;
     (b)  cause its DSO to analyze, collate and maintain
          data obtained from the inspection of Category
          II Dams pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) hereof
          and, promptly thereafter, provide to DSC
          reports and recommendations relating thereto;
     (c)  cause its DSO to carry out detailed
          investigation of those Category II Dams
          identified by DSC pursuant to sub-paragraph
          (a) of paragraph 2 hereof in accordance with
          the schedule furnished by DSC pursuant to sub-
          paragraph (b) (iii) of paragraph 2 hereof,
          and, promptly after such investigation,
          provide to DSC reports and recommendations
          relating thereto;
     (d)  maintain its DSO with adequate staff,
          equipment and facilities necessary for the
          purpose of enabling it to efficiently carry
          out its functions including those set forth in
          sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of this paragraph;
          and
     (e)  ensure that incremental staff of DSO employed
          for the purposes of implementing the Project
          be placed in regular employment status by
          August 31, 1996.
2.   Each Project State shall cause its DSC:
     (a)  to identify those Category II Dams that
          require further detailed investigation based
          on reports and recommendations received from
          DSO pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) of
          sub-paragraph 1 hereof;
     (b)  (i) to establish priority criteria for
          carrying out detailed investigation of such
          identified Dams; (ii) to establish and
Page  9
          maintain a schedule of detailed investigation
          of such identified Dams, making such revisions
          thereto as may be required, based on such
          criteria; and (iii) to furnish such schedule
          to DSO for the purpose of carrying out
          detailed investigation of such identified
          Dams; and
     (c)  to identify those Category II Dams that
          require remedial works based on the reports
          and recommendations received from DSO pursuant
          to sub-paragraphs (b) and (c) of paragraph 1
          hereof.
3.   Each Project State shall cause its DSC:
     (a)  to establish criteria for selecting from among
          Category I Dams and such Category II Dams
          identified pursuant to sub-paragraph (c) of
          paragraph 2 hereof, those Dams at which
          remedial works are to be carried out under
          Part B.4 of the Project and select such Dams
          in accordance with such criteria;
     (b)  to establish priority criteria for the
          Selected Dams and prioritize such Dams in
          accordance with such criteria; and
     (c)  to furnish to DOI/WR the names of the Selected
          Dams in the order of priority established
          pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) of this
          paragraph for the purpose of preparing plans
          of action for carrying out remedial works at
          such Dams.
4.   Each Project State shall cause its DOI/WR:
     (a)  to prepare, promptly after receiving the names
          of the Selected Dams pursuant to sub-paragraph
          (c) of paragraph 3 hereof, plans of action for
          carrying out remedial works at such Dams; and
     (b)  to carry out such plans of action subject to
          the provisions of paragraph 5 hereof.
5.   Prior to carrying out the plans of action for
remedial works at the Selected Dams pursuant to
sub-paragraph (b) of paragraph 4 hereof each Project
State shall:
     (a)  obtain the recommendation of the DSRP for such
          plans, including the concept of the remedial
          works and the adequacy of their design:
     (b)  obtain the approval of CWC with respect to the
          computation of the design flood hydrology of
          the Selected Dams where such computation has
          not been made by CWC;
     (c)  confirm to CWC that the procedures in respect
          of the inspection, investigation,
          identification, selection, prioritization,
          preparation of the plans of action for
          remedial works of the Selected Dams and the
          recom-mendation of such plans by DSRP are in
          accordance with the provision of paragraphs 1,
          2, 3, 4 and 5 (a) hereof; and
     (d)  obtain all necessary approvals related to the
          environmental impact assessments of the
          Selected Dams pursuant to paragraph 9 (b)
          hereof.
Page  10
6.   Each Project State shall provide to CWC such
information as it may reasonably request for the purpose
of enabling it to fulfill its obligations under
sub-paragraph (b) of paragraph 5 hereof and Section 3.04
(c) of the Development Credit Agreement.
7.   Each Project State shall, during the implementation
of the Project, maintain its DSRP with composition,
functions and terms of reference satisfactory to the
Association and the Bank.
8.   Each Project State shall ensure that senior design
staff of DOI/WR associated with formulating the plans of
action for remedial works at the Selected Dams referred
to in paragraph 4 (a) hereof undertake regular field
visits for the purpose of reviewing construction
activities and advising on quality assurance measures
during the implementation of such Plans.
9.   Each Project State shall:  (a) identify any adverse
environmental impact resulting from carrying out the
plans of action for remedial works at the Selected Dams
referred to in paragraph 4 (b) hereof; (b) where such
adverse environment impacts are identified, prepare
environmental impact assessments of such remedial works
at the Selected Dams indicating mitigation measures to be
taken, including a time-table for implementing such
measures, and obtain all necessary approvals relating
thereto; and (c) implement such measures in accordance
with such time-table.
10.  Without limitation to the generality of Section 9.06
of the General Conditions of the Association, Section
9.07 of the General Conditions of the Bank and Section
2.04 of this Agreement, each Project State shall, by
October 31, 1992 and by October 31 of each subsequent
year during the implementation of the Project, furnish to
the Association and the Bank annual reports on the
progress of Part B of the Project.
11.  Each Project State shall: (a) cause all large dams
and related structures in such State to be inspected at
least once in every five years and otherwise in
accordance with the procedures and guidelines issued by
NCDS; and (b) provide adequate funds for the maintenance
of those Selected Dams with respect to which remedial
works are carried out under Part B.4 of the Project.
12.  Each Project State shall in consultation with the
Borrower, the Association and the Bank and in accordance
with terms of reference and methodology satisfactory to
the Association and the Bank, undertake and complete by
March 31, 1994 a mid-term review of Part B of the Project
with particular emphasis on the process established under
the Project for inspection and investigation of dams,
selection of dams for remedial works, formulation and
implementation of plans of action for such works, and the
staffing, training and functioning of the respective
roles of DSO, DSC and DSRP of each such State.
