Report No. PIC3258
Project Name                     Uganda-Nutrition and Early Childhood      ro) N
Development Project (NECDP)
Region                           Africa
Sector                           Human Resources
Project ID                       UGPA40551
Borrower                         Government of Uganda
Implementing Agency              Ministry of Planning and Economic Development
Uganda House,
PO Box 7086
Kampala, Uganda
Fax: (256-41) 233-035+
Telephone: (256-41) 23-50-51
Date this PID Updated            June 18, 1997
Appraisal Date                   May 26-June 13, 1997
Projected Board Date             September 15, 1997
1.      Background And Sectoral Context. Uganda's children are at
risk. More than 12t of infants die before reaching their first
birthday, mostly due to preventable infectious diseases. And those
who survive beyond their first year of life are afflicted with
malnutrition and disease and perform poorly in school. For a
country endowed with fertile land and stable food supply, Uganda
has an unusually high rate of malnutrition. About 25t of its
preschool children are underweight for their age and 41t are
stunted - or are chronically malnourished. These rates are higher
than most African countries. Our sector analysis on Uganda's child
development shows that malnutrition is caused by: (a) sub-optimal
breastfeeding and infant weaning practices; (b) the high incidence
of infectious diseases which hinder bodily absorption of food; (c)
low level of education among mothers; and (d) poverty.
2.      The problem of childhood malnutrition and disease in Uganda
is exacerbated by AIDS which is leaving in its wake 1.2 million
orphans who must be cared for by community members, primarily by
women and girls because there are no other alternatives. The strong
solidarity that characterizes the traditional extended family and
community is being undermined and is breaking down under the
strain, resulting in serious problems in education and child development.
3.      In addition to general malnutrition, Ugandan children and
mothers also suffer from specific micro-nutrient deficiencies that
contribute to poor health. The most common form of micro-nutrient
malnutrition is iron deficiency anemia, which is a cause for low
birth weight, maternal death, poor school performance and lower
work productivity. Iodine deficiency is also a serious problem in
many parts of the country and is causing goiter, cretinism, mental
retardation, reduced mental capacity in infants and children.
Vitamin A deficiency, which causes xeropthalmia and blindness, is



also a problem of public health significance.
4.      In response to these problems, the Government adopted a
strategic sectoral plan to address child development. This is now
embodied in the Uganda National Programme of Action for Children
(UNPAC 1993), comprising of actions to address the survival,
protection and development of children. As a national program,
UNPAC was discussed widely within government, amongst donors and
with NGOs and the private sector. The primary donor is UNICEF,
which recently approved a new five-year country program beginning
in 1995. The Ministry of Finance and Economic Planning reviewed
UNPAC in December 1995 and it concluded that, despite the infusion
of the new UNICEF program, the financing gap is quite large and
that without new funding the program goals will not likely be
achieved. The commitment of the Government towards children is also
demonstrated by the proposed Child Bill which is presently under
deliberation in Parliament.
5.      Interventions under IDA's Uganda Nutrition and Child
Development Project will support selected strategies proposed in
UNPAC but will focus mainly on children in early childhood
(preschool) years. Recent scientific evidence supports the view
that human capital formation effectively starts at the mothers'
womb and in early childhood - human brain development is almost
wholly completed by age two and about 50t of the variance in
intellectual development is established by age four. Early
malnutrition, inadequate intellectual stimulation and care in
childhood would likely result in severe and irreversible damage to
the physical, intellectual and emotional capacities.
6.      Project Objectives. The proposed project seeks to contribute
to poverty alleviation and human capital development objectives by
implementing development interventions targeted to the most
vulnerable segments of the population - namely, young children and mothers.
7.      The development objective of the project is to improve the
health, nutritional and cognitive status of preschool children in
Uganda. The project strategy involves the provision of community-
based child development services and enhancement of women's ability
to care for children - by providing them with knowledge on proper
child caring practices and by increasing their income-earning
opportunities. At the end of the five-year implementation period,
the project will be evaluated on the following indicators: (a)
reduced prevalence of underweight preschool children by half of the
1995 levels in the project districts; (b) reduced prevalence of
stunting at entry in primary schools by one-third of the 1995 level
in the project districts; (c) increased primary school enrollment
by 20t in the project districts; (d) improved psycho-social and
cognitive development; and (e) formation of at least 5,000 women's
income and savings groups to support child development.
9.      Project Description. To achieve the project objectives, a
package of linked services will be provided at the community level.
These services will be delivered mainly by NGOs as change agents
working collaboratively with district governments. The three main
- 2 -



components are:
10.     Component 1--Integrated Community Child Care Package. This
will support the delivery of child development services to
preschool children in support of the Government's objectives: (a)
to improve parental awareness on major aspects of child care,
growth and development through parental education, child growth
monitoring and promotion, training and sensitization; (b) to
empower communities to support child development programs through
capacity building and financial support grants. The target is to
reduce the rate of malnutrition (underweight) of children by half
by the end of the project life in the project districts, and
increase readiness of this cohort of children for primary schooling
and thereby support the drive for universal primary education. The
package will be implemented in 20 out of 39 districts chosen by the
government on the basis of level of malnutrition, infant mortality
and primary school enrollment. The government intends to eventually
cover all 39 districts. The package consists of two main sub-components:
11.     (a) Parental Education. This sub-component will provide
training to parents (and caregivers) on major aspects of child
care, growth and development including child nutrition, health, and
psycho-social stimulation. The notion is that a range of
competencies will be strengthened in parents including those of
psycho-social development. This building of parental skills and
know-how will in turn improve the well-being of children and,
ultimately, their receptiveness to education at the primary level.
The program will mobilize groups of mothers (and parents) at the
community level facilitated by animateurs from the locality,
supported by the project with materials including worksheets in
local languages, technical supervision and communications. Over the
five year period, the project will cover 8,000 communities in 220
sub-counties in 20 districts. Emphasis will be on the enhancement
of child-caring practices that promote proper growth and
development of children, including: childhood nutrition (exclusive
breastfeeding and appropriate weaning practices - the way feeding
occurs as well as the foods given, and food preparation, child
growth monitoring and promotion), psycho-social care - or the
responsiveness to child needs, cognitive stimulation and social
support, hygiene and home health practices. Growth monitoring and
promotion will be carried out for children under three years of
age. The focus will be on the prevention of malnutrition and
promotion of good health. Encouraging parents to participate in
weighing and monitoring of growth of children is a good mechanism
for awareness creation. Nutrition counseling will be also be
provided and knowledge and skills imparted to child caregivers.
Protocols developed and tested in Uganda under the "integrated
management of the sick child initiative" will be used as reference
materials for the project. Also included in this package is
maternal health and nutrition to take care of women and the unborn
child. This includes pre and post natal care practices. A common
theme in these component activities is that they are behaviors, and
that most of the activities would be facilitated by a systematic
communications strategy to change such behaviors. The parental
education package - with its instruments, manuals and methodology -
-3 -



is described in the Project Implementation Manual (PIM). It borrows
from local experience and best practice from global experience.
(b) Community Capacity Building and Empowerment for Child
Care. This sub-component comprises three interrelated activities:
(i) Community Capacity Building conducted through community
planning and sensitization workshops; (ii) Child Day campaigns
conducted at the parish level; and (iii) training in Savings and
Credit Group Formation to support child development. Community
planning workshops and sensitization activities will be conducted
at the beginning of the project and carried out annually. These
will plan annual activities to promote child development at the
community, parish and sub-county level. A major activity will be a
Child Day featuring programs for the whole community at the parish
level. During the "Child Day" (a development bazaar concept
successfully piloted for two years in the districts of Rukungiri
and Iganga), weighing of children, immunization, nutrition
education, demonstrations for food preparation, health care for
women and children, education on sanitation and hygiene, education
on psycho-social development, and agricultural extension workshops
will be held at a center (usually done at a primary school). The
Child Day concept features service offerings by local line
ministries such as health (to assist in immunization, deworming),
agriculture (in cooking demonstrations and agricultural extension
workshops) and education (for promotion of schooling).
(c) Ugandan women's ability to provide adequate child care is
not only limited by the lack of knowledge, but also by their lack
of access to and control over incomes and family resources. Poverty
has been identified as one of the barriers to adequate health,
nutrition and education for children. Parents need resources to
succeed in their role. In particular, research has shown that
women's incomes are particularly important for children. Client
consultations and needs assessments carried out at preparation
point to the need for an income generating activity formed around
the same parents and mothers who will participate in the parental
education package. The project will provide training to parents,
especially women, on basic accounting and management skills that
will enable them to form savings groups (how to generate and
operate savings) and skills for micro-enterprise income-generating
activities.
12.     Component 2 - Community Support Grants and Innovation Fund.
The Community Support Grants are financial grants offered on the
basis of matching contributions from communities. These grants and
contributions from communities will cover activities designed to
promote the well-being of children. These grants would be given on
the basis of proposals from communities arising out of their
planning exercises, and are designed to support interventions for
children: they may include community projects to assist in the
production of appropriate weaning foods, community child-care
centers, home-based child-care centers and similar activities which
fall within the guidelines contained in the Project Implementation
Manual. An Innovation Fund to support activities outside the menu
of options is also included under Component 2. Community
- 4 -



counterpart contributions maybe in the form of goods, works or
services. The support grants component will be implemented in the
same districts and communities as in Component 1: i.e., in 20 out
of 39 districts chosen by the government on the basis of level of
malnutrition, infant mortality and rate of primary school
enrollment. The NGOs designated as implementing agents for
Component 1 package will be responsible for the initiation and
technical supervision of the component. The NGOs will provide
training and assist community groups in accessing and utilizing
these grants. Linkages will be established, particularly with the
agricultural extension service and the Education Department of the
district to provide the necessary technical assistance. The
community will use the procedures described in the Project
Implementation Manual for the use of these grants, guided by the
NGOs designated by project.
13.     Component 3: National Support Programme for Child
Development. This component consists of central program activities
and policy initiatives designed to support the district level
programs in Components 1 and 2, and provide quality assurance for
the frontline project activities at the community level. This
component includes program monitoring and evaluation, support for
central program initiatives on micro-nutrients, early childhood
development (ECD) curriculum and development, communications and
IEC. A monitoring and evaluation scheme has been developed
(described in the Project Implementation Manual) to systematically
monitor project inputs and outputs, as well as to evaluate impacts
on children and parents.
14.     Specific activities under Micro-nutrients Deficiency Control:
(a) sensitization campaigns at national and district levels; (b)
monitoring of vitamin A supplementation; (c) evaluation of
effectiveness of the national micro-nutrient programs. (Note:
Programs on iodine deficiency control and vitamin A are currently
funded by an ongoing IDA credit, the District Health Services
Project). Support to national ECD programs cover: (a) support to
the National Curriculum Development Center in the finalization and
production of curriculum guidelines for center-based ECD, including
development of ECD workbooks, and adding health and nutrition
guidelines in line with the goals of the project; (b) support for
the development and pilot testing of on-the-job training
methodology to upgrade skills of existing ECD workers in the semi-
formal child care centers; (c) training of trainers in center-based ECD.
15.     The communications and IEC strategy aim to support key target
audiences on the goals of the project. At the national level,
advocacy will target central and regional government officials,
parliamentarians, NGOs, donors. At the community level,
communications activities will be embedded in Component 1 and 2
activities, and designed to increase awareness of services and
practical advice on child care practices that enhance the
nutritional and education of the preschool child. Demand creation
activities at the district will promote attendance in the Child
Day. Radio broadcasts in Radio Uganda will feature talk shows with
"Question and Answer" session with key officials, implementors,
- 5 -



experts and community workers on the experience in nutrition and
early childhood development. A 30-minute "Preschool on the Air"
will be broadcast nationwide, possibly daily, to reach caregivers
at home who could benefit from information on child care and child
development. The project will also support policy-formulation
activities related to child care and development. The Child Act of
1996 which protects children's rights will be disseminated through
advocacy and communications workshops, and sensitization of the
general population.
16.     Project Financing. The total project cost is estimated at US
$40.0 million, of which $30 million will be IDA funding. The
Government counterpart financing is estimated at $4.0 million (US$
2 million from the national government and US$ 2 million from the
district government). The community and household counterpart
contributions is estimated at US$ 2.0 million. Co-financing of some
project components amounting to US $4.0 million will be provided by
other donors.
17.     Project Implementation. The main executing agency is the
Ministry of Planning and Economic Development. NGOs and community-
based organizations will be among the principal implementing agents
at the community level. A National Coordinating Committee for the
NECD Project (NCC) consisting of MOPED, MOE, MOH, MAARF, MGCD, MIB,
MLG, MNR, other donors, NGOs, and representatives from the academic
community and private sector will be created. This committee, to be
chaired by the PS of Planning and Economic Development, will act as
the oversight policy body responsible for approving annual project
plans, reviewing project progress, and providing advice on policy
issues arising from implementation of the program. A Project
Coordinator will be appointed (acceptable to IDA), as coordinating
officer for the project, reporting to the Permanent Secretary. The
Project Coordinator will be supported by a small administrative
staff (accountant and secretary ) within the Ministry. The
community-based activities will be implemented through NGOs
selected through national competitive bidding, using standard IDA
procurement procedures. District project activities by the NGOs, as
implementing agents, will be developed within the context of
District Development Plans. Support to national programs will be
implemented through MOE for the ECD activities and MOH for the
micro-nutrient program activities. Management support for program
monitoring and evaluation, IEC, and audit, will be contracted out.
The project would strengthen national and community institutions to
sustain programs that address children's needs.
18.     Project Sustainability. There are three key elements that
would likely enhance the sustainability of this project: (a) the
strong political commitment by the government towards the
improvement of the status of children as demonstrated by the broad-
based national support for UNPAC and by the proposal of a "Child
Bill" in parliament to codify children's rights in Uganda; (b) the
provision to build community capacity and ownership of the project;
and (c) the involvement of the main stakeholders of the project in
the design particularly the district governments, NGOs,
beneficiaries and central government policy makers.
- 6 -



19.     Lessons Learned From Previous Bank/Ida Involvement. Lessons
learned from the District Health Services Pilot and Demonstration
Project (DHSP--FY94), PAPSCA (FY89), and the First Health Project
(1991) will be incorporated in the design of the project delivery
system.). Firstly, the PAPSCA project clearly showed that details
of the organizational arrangements for procurement, disbursement
and monitoring should be prepared before project launching.
Secondly, beneficiaries need to be consulted much more
systematically to identify their needs. Thirdly, ground rules for
the selection of "implementing agents" of the project should be
clear and agreed upon during preparation. Fourthly, ground rules
for accounting, monitoring must be clear to all "implementing
agents". The project will incorporate lessons from UNICEF's Ugandan
experience in the GMP and community participation. UNICEF staff
will join future Bank project preparation missions to ensure
coherence of project activities with on-going programs for children.
20.     Rationale For Ida Involvement. This project is consistent
with the Bank's Country Assistance Strategy. It addresses poverty
alleviation and human resources development--two of the main goals
of Uganda's long term development plan. The Nutrition and Child
Development Project complements four IDA projects in Uganda--DHSP
(FY94), Sexually Transmitted Infections Project (FY94), the First
Health Project which will close in March 1996, and the Primary
Education and Teacher Training Project (FY92). By investing in very
young children, IDA is recognizing that human capital investment
begins much earlier in the life cycle. IDA is supporting the
government's very high priority for this sector. The government
acknowledges that there is a large financing gap that needs to be
addressed.
21.     Environmental Aspects: The environment category is C.
22.     Program Objective Categories. The project is targeted to the
segment of the population most vulnerable to poverty - namely,
preschool children and mothers. The program is envisioned to
provide children a better headstart for life. Since specific
project components address women's income and improvement of
women's status, the project would result in positive gender impact.
The preparation of the project and implementation strategy would
use a participatory approach, PRAs, and client consultation workshops.
23.     Stakeholder Participation. A multisectoral Task Force for
Project Preparation coordinated by the Ministry of Planning and
Economic Development was constituted to ensure that line
ministries, local governments, NGOs and donors with potential roles
in the project would be involved in the project design. Three
national client consultation workshops were held to bring together
all major stakeholders of the project and assist in project design.
The first workshop was held February 26-27, 1996; a second workshop
was held June 1996 to review project proposal document and a third
conducted in December 9, 1996. Over the 11 months preparation
period, stakeholder analyses and a needs assessment were conducted
using participatory techniques.
-7-



Contact Point:           Public Information Center
The World Bank
1818 H Street N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone No.:   (202) 458-5454
Fax No.:   (202) 522-1500
Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain
components may not necessarily be included in the final project.
Processed by the Public Information Center week ending July 4, 1997.
- 8 -



