Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2365 IN
                 (Second National Highway Project)
                              between
                               INDIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        Dated June 18, 1992
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2365 IN
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 18, 1992, between  INDIA, acting by its
President (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Borrower has also requested the International Bank
for Reconstruction and Development (the Bank) to provide additional
assistance towards the financing of the Project and by an agreement
of even date herewith between the Borrower and the Bank (the Loan
Agreement), the Bank is agreeing to provide such assistance in an
aggregate principal amount equivalent to one hundred fifty-three
million dollars ($153,000,000) (the Loan);
      (C)   the Borrower and the Association intend, to the extent
practicable, that the proceeds of the Credit provided for in this
Agreement (the Credit) be disbursed on account of expenditures in
Page  2
respect of the Project before disbursements of the proceeds of the
Loan provided for in the Loan Agreement are made; and
      (D)   Part B of the Project will be carried out by State of
Orissa (Orissa) with the Borrower's assistance and, as part of such
assistance, the Borrower will make available to Orissa a portion of
the proceeds of the Credit as provided in this Agreement and the
proceeds of the Loan as provided in the Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Project
Agreement of even date herewith among the Association, the Bank and
Orissa;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Loan Agreement" means the agreement of even date
herewith between the Borrower and the Bank for the Project, as such
agreement may be amended from time to time; and such term includes
the "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and Guarantee Agreements"
of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, as applied to such agreement,
and all schedules and agreements supplemental to the Loan Agreement;
      (b)   "Orissa" means State of Orissa, a state of India, acting
by its Governor, and includes any successor thereto;
      (c)   "Project Agreement" means the agreement among the
Association, the Bank and Orissa of even date herewith, as the same
may be amended from time to time, and such term includes all
schedules and agreements supplemental to the Project Agreement;
      (d)   "Project States" means the States of Haryana, Madhya
Pradesh, Maharashtra, Orissa, Punjab and West Bengal, and includes
successors of any such State; and
      (e)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to one hundred sixteen million two hundred thousand
Special Drawing Rights (SDR 116,200,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in US dollars a special deposit account in the
Page  3
Reserve Bank of India on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association. Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account
shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 4 to
this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 2001 or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restric-
tions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower;
and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for the
purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other
eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on March 1 and September 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each March 1 and September 1
commencing September 1, 2002 and ending March 1, 2027. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on March 1,
2012 shall be one and one-fourth percent (1-1/4%) of such principal
amount, and each installment thereafter shall be two and one-half
percent (2-1/2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years, and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due consider-
ation by them of the development of the Borrower's economy, modify
the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the Credit
shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Page  4
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out Part A of the Project
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative and financial practices and shall provide, promptly
as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources
required for such Part of the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation or restriction upon any of its other
obligations under the Development Credit Agreement, the Borrower
shall cause Orissa to perform all its obligations set forth in the
Project Agreement, shall take or cause to be taken all action,
including the provision of funds, facilities, services and other
resources, necessary or appropriate to enable Orissa to perform such
obligations, and shall not take or permit to be taken any action
which would prevent or interfere with such performance.
      (c)   For the purpose of carrying out Part B of the Project,
the Borrower shall make part of the proceeds of the Credit available
to Orissa in accordance with the Borrower's standard arrangements
for developmental assistance to the States of India.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower shall, for the purpose of implemen-
tation of Part A of the Project, establish an agreed contract
management framework, which shall include, inter alia, use of
qualified consultants with international experience for supervision
of construction of all civil works procured in accordance with the
provisions of Part A.1 of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.04. For the purpose of resettlement of families
displaced from the land acquired for the purposes of Part A of the
Project, the Borrower shall ensure that the Project States shall
implement an agreed resettlement plan in a timely manner.
      Section 3.05. The Borrower shall ensure that in respect of
import of equipment by contractors for civil works under the
Project, no further indigenous clearance will be required after the
essentiality certificate is issued by the Ministry of Surface
Transport of the Borrower.
      Section 3.06. The Borrower and the Association hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of Part
B of the Project shall be carried out by Orissa pursuant to Section
2.03 of the Project Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
Page  5
expenditures in respect of Part A of the Project of the departments
or agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project
or any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those for
                  the Special Account for each fiscal year audited,
                  in accordance with appropriate auditing princi-
                  ples consistently applied, by independent audi-
                  tors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than nine months after
                  the end of each such year, a certified copy of
                  the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and the audit
                  thereof as the Association shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the Associ-
                  ation has received the audit report for the
                  fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from the
                  Credit Account or payment out of the Special
                  Account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are includ-
                  ed in the annual audit referred to in para-
                  graph (b) of this Section and that the report of
                  such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of expendi-
                  ture submitted during such fiscal year, together
                  with the procedures and internal controls in-
                  volved in their preparation, can be relied upon
                  to support the related withdrawals.
      Section 4.02. The Borrower shall, not later than December 31,
1992, or such other date as the Borrower and the Association may
agree, formulate in consultation with the Association, an action
plan regarding the implementation of the recommendations arising
from the Vehicle Fleet Modernization/Road User Charges Study carried
out by the Borrower, and shall thereafter implement said action
plan.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   Orissa shall have failed to perform any of its obliga-
tions under the Project Agreement.
Page  6
      (b)   As a result of events which have occurred after the date
of the Development Credit Agreement, an extraordinary situation
shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that Orissa will be
able to perform its obligations under the Project Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely,
that the event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 5.01 of this
Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of 60 days
after notice thereof shall have been given by the Association to the
Borrower.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following event is specified as an addi-
tional condition to the effectiveness of the Development Credit
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General
Conditions, namely, that all conditions precedent to the effective-
ness of the Loan Agreement have been fulfilled, other than those
related to the effectiveness of this Agreement.
      Section 6.02. The following is specified as an additional
matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association, namely, that the Project Agreement has
been duly authorized or ratified by Orissa, and is legally binding
upon Orissa in accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Secretary, Additional Secretary, Joint
Secretary, Director, Deputy Secretary or Under Secretary in the
Ministry of Finance, Department of Economic Affairs of the Borrower
is designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Secretary to the Government of India
            Ministry of Finance
            Department of Economic Affairs
            New Delhi, India
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  ECOFAIRS                   953-3166175
                  New Delhi
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                       248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.               82987 (FTCC)
                                                 64145 (WUI) or
                                                197688 (TRT)
Page  7
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        INDIA
                        By /s/ Lalit Mansingh
                                         Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        By /s/ D. Joseph Wood
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                        South Asia
                            SCHEDULE 1
     Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit and of the Loan
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit and of the Loan, the
allocation of the amounts of the Credit and of the Loan to each
Category and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                        Amount       Amount
                        of the       of the
                        Credit        Loan       % of
                       Allocated   Allocated    Expendi-
                      (Expressed   (Expressed    tures
                        in SDR     in Dollar     to be
      Category        Equivalent) Equivalent)    Financed
(1)   Civil works     86,600,000  126,000,000   80%
(2)   Equipment        1,700,000            -   100% of foreign
      and furni-                                expenditures,
      ture                                      100% of local
                                                expenditures
                                                (ex-factory
                                                cost) and 75%
                                                of local ex-
                                                penditures for
                                                other items
                                                procured locally
(3)   Consultants'    16,300,000   11,700,000   100%
      services,
      fellowships
      and training
(4)   Unallocated     11,600,000   15,300,000
      TOTAL          116,200,000  153,000,000
                     ===========  ===========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower; and
Page  8
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for expendi-
tures prior to the date of this Agreement.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to (i) modernize key
sections of the national highway network, (ii) promote the use of
improved road construction and engineering as well as network and
contract management techniques, and (iii) assist Orissa in the
reconstruction of flood damaged bridges.
      The Project consists of the following parts subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     The Borrower:
      (i)   Road Modernization
      The carrying out of a program of road modernization of
selected sections of the national highway network in the Project
States.
     (ii)   Management of Road Networks
      The carrying out of a program of monitoring and managing of
road networks including provision of road monitoring equipment.
    (iii)   Institutional Strengthening
            (a)   Provision of training for professional and field
staff in supervision of construction of roads, including the
construction and furnishing of a training center in Delhi.
            (b)   Provision of technical assistance to develop
training programs, technical guidelines and manuals, and assistance
in carrying out road modernization works under Part A (i) of the
Project and studies under Part A (iv) of the Project.
    (iv)    Studies
      The carrying out of studies to prepare a follow-up project
including pre-investment studies and preparation of detailed
engineering and bidding documents.
Part B:     Orissa
      The carrying out of a program of reconstruction of selected
flood damaged bridges in Orissa.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 2000.
                            SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part D hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
Page  9
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.    Bidders for civil works to be procured pursuant to paragraph
1 above shall be prequalified as provided in paragraph 2.10 of the
Guidelines.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in India may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Preference for Domestic Contractors
      In the procurement of works in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, the Borrower may grant a margin of
preference to domestic contractors in accordance with, and subject
to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraph 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:     Other Procurement Procedures
      Contracts for the construction of rail overpass and underpass
bridges and the training center in Delhi, including its furnishing,
estimated to cost the equivalent of $5,000,000 or less per contract,
up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $36,600,000, and for
reconstruction of bridges under Part B of the Project, may be
procured on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
Part E:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of prequalification:
      With respect to the prequalification of bidders as provided in
Part A.2 hereof, the procedures set forth in paragraph 1 of Appendix
1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
2.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for equipment estimated to
cost the equivalent of $500,000 or more, and for civil works
referred to in Part A.2 of this Schedule, the procedures set forth
in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of the
Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Association has
authorized withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.
3.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Page  10
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfac-
tory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consul-
tants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing
Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
1.  For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1), (2)
and (3) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to the
Development Credit Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit or
the Loan allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Development
Credit Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $11,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account or
the Loan Account and deposited into the Special Account pursuant to
paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account or the Loan Account and deposit in the Special
Account such amount or amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association re-
                  quests for deposits into the Special Account at
                  such intervals as the Association shall specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account or the Loan
                  Account and deposit into the Special Account such
                  amount as the Borrower shall have requested and
                  as shall have been shown by said documents and
                  other evidence to have been paid out of the
                  Special Account for eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account or the Loan Account under the respective eligible
Categories, and in the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have
Page  11
been justified by said documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of the
Development Credit Agreement or from the Loan Account in accordance
with the provisions of Section 2.02 of the Loan Agreement and
Article V of the General Conditions applicable thereto; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit and the
Loan allocated to the eligible Categories for the Project, less the
amount of any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Association or the Bank pursuant to Section 5.02 of the respective
General Conditions with respect to the Project, shall equal the
equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account and the Loan Account
of the remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit and the Loan
allocated to the eligible Categories for the Project shall follow
such procedures as the Association shall specify by notice to the
Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and to
the extent that the Association shall have been satisfied that all
such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the
date of such notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association
or the Bank) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the
portion thereof not so eligible or justified.  Unless the Associa-
tion shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Association
into the Special Account shall be made until the Borrower has
provided such evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case
may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association or the Bank such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association or the Bank all or any portion of the funds on
deposit in the Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association or the Bank made pursuant to
paragraphs 6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to
the Credit Account or the Loan Account, as the case may be, for
subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance with the
relevant provisions of the Development Credit Agreement or the Loan
Agreement, including the General Conditions applicable thereto.
Page  12
