Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2365 IN
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3470 IN
                 (Second National Highway Project)
                               among
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                          STATE OF ORISSA
                        Dated June 18, 1992
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2365 IN
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3470 IN
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 18, 1992, among INTERNATIONAL DEVELOP-
MENT ASSOCIATION (the Association), INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECON-
STRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and STATE OF ORISSA, acting by
its Governor (Orissa).
      WHEREAS: (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between India, acting by its President (the Borrower) and
the Association, the Association has agreed to make available to
the Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to one
hundred sixteen million two hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 116,200,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition that Orissa
agree to undertake such obligations toward the Association as are
set forth in this Agreement; and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between
India, acting by its President (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank
has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in various
Page  2
currencies equivalent to one hundred fifty-three million dollars
($153,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that Orissa agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS Orissa, in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, and the
Bank's entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has
agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the Loan
Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so defined) have the
respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. Orissa declares its commitment to the objectives
of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out Part B of the Project
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial and engineering practices, and shall
provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for Part B of the
Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association and the Bank shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultant's
services required for Part B of the Project and to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Credit and the proceeds of the Loan shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit
Agreement.
      Section 2.03. Orissa shall carry out the obligations set forth
in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General
Conditions applicable to the Development Credit Agreement and in
Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General
Conditions applicable to the Loan Agreement (relating to insurance,
use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the
Project Agreement.
      Section 2.04. (a) Orissa shall, at the request of the
Association and the Bank, exchange views with the Association and
the Bank with regard to the progress of Part B of the project, the
performance of its obligations under this Agreement and other
matters relating to the purposes of the Credit and the Loan.
      (b)   Orissa shall promptly inform the Association and the
Bank of any condition which interferes or threatens to interfere
with the progress of Part B of the Project, the accomplishment of
the purposes of the Credit and the Loan, or the performance by
Orissa of its obligations under this Agreement.
      Section 2.05. For the purposes of resettlement of families
displaced, if any, from the land acquired for the purposes of Part
B of the Project, Orissa shall implement an agreed resettlement plan
in a timely manner.
                            ARTICLE III
                        Financial Covenants
Page  3
      Section 3.01. (a) Orissa shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of Part B of the Project of the departments
or agencies of Orissa responsible for carrying out Part B of the
Project.
      (b)   Orissa shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
                   year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                   auditing principles consistently applied, by
                   independent auditors acceptable to the Associa-
                   tion and the Bank.
           (ii)    furnish to the Association and the Bank as soon
                   as available, but in any case not later than
                   nine months after the end of each such year, the
                   report of such audit by said auditors, of such
                   scope and in such detail as the Association and
                   the Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Association and the Bank such
                   other information concerning said records and
                   accounts and the audit thereof as the Associa-
                   tion and the Bank shall from time to time rea-
                   sonably request.
                            ARTICLE IV
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which both the Development Credit Agreement and the
Loan Agreement become effective.
      Section 4.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and the Bank and of Orissa thereunder shall terminate on
the earlier of the following two dates:
            (i)    the date on which both the Development Credit
                   Agreement and the Loan Agreement shall terminate
                   in accordance with their terms; or
           (ii)    the date 20 years after the date of this Agree-
                   ment.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement or the Loan
Agreement or both of said Agreements terminate in accordance with
their respective terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association and the Bank shall promptly
notify Orissa of this event.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions applicable to the
Development Credit Agreement or the Loan Agreement.
                             ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
Page  4
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                    248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.            82987 (FTCC)
                                               64145 (WUI) or
                                              197688 (TRT)
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for Reconstruction
              and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                  248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.            82987 (FTCC)
                                               64145 (WUI) or
                                              197688 (TRT)
      For Orissa:
            Secretary to the Government of Orissa
            Department of Roads
            Bubaneshwar, Orissa
            India
                                           Telex:
                                              0675-210 HOME IN
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of Orissa may be taken or executed by a
Secretary to the Government of Orissa or such other person or
persons as Orissa shall designate in writing, and Orissa shall
furnish to the Association and the Bank sufficient evidence of the
authority and the authenticated specimen signature of each such
person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all collec-
tively but one instrument.
      Section 5.04. As long as the Bank has not given notice to the
contrary to Orissa and so long as the Development Credit Agreement
shall not have terminated prior to the termination of the Loan
Agreement:
      (a)   the obligations of Orissa to consult with, and to
furnish information, documents, plans, reports, records and
statements to, the Bank shall be satisfied to the extent performance
in respect of such obligations is rendered to the Association;
      (b)   the obligations of the Bank to consult with, and to
furnish information to, Orissa shall be satisfied to the extent such
obligations are fulfilled by the Association; and
      (c)   all actions taken (including the giving of approvals or
granting of waivers) by the Association pursuant to the Development
Credit Agreement shall be deemed to be taken pursuant to both the
Page  5
Development Credit Agreement and the Loan Agreement, and in the name
and on behalf of both the Association and the Bank.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ D. Joseph Wood
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                        South Asia
                         STATE OF ORISSA
                         By /s/ Lalit Mansingh
                                         Authorized Representative
