Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2057 IN
                                    LOAN NUMBER 3108 IN
                   Project Agreement
     (Sixth (National Family Welfare Training and
       Systems Development) Population Project)
                         among
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                          and
                STATE OF ANDHRA PRADESH
                          and
                STATE OF MADHYA PRADESH
                          and
                STATE OF UTTER PRADESH
               Dated September 11, 1989
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2057 IN
                                    LOAN NUMBER 3108 IN
                   PROJECT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated September 11, 1989, between
INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association),
and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank) and STATE OF ANDHRA PRADESH, STATE OF MADHYA
PRADESH and STATE OF UTTAR PRADESH (the States).
     WHEREAS: (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of
even date herewith between India, acting by its President
(the Borrower) and the Association, the Association has
agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to eighty-seven million two
hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 87,200,000),
on the terms and conditions set forth in the Development
Credit Agreement, but only on condition that each of the
States agree to undertake such obligations toward the
Association as are set forth in this Agreement;
     (B)  by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Borrower and the Bank, the Bank has agreed to
Page  2
make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to eleven million three hundred
thousand dollars ($11,300,000), on the terms and
conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on
condition that each of the States agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this
Agreement; and
     WHEREAS each of the States, in consideration of the
Association's entering into the Development Credit
Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
                      Definitions
     Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the Development Credit
Agreement, the Loan Agreement and in the General
Conditions (as so defined in the Development Credit
Agreement and the Loan Agreement) have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                      ARTICLE II
               Execution of the Project
     Section 2.01. (a) Each of the States declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit Agreement, and,
to this end: (i) Andhra Pradesh shall carry out such
parts of the Project as are located in Andhra Pradesh;
(ii) Madhya Pradesh shall carry out such parts of the
Project as are located in Madhya Pradesh; and (iii) Uttar
Pradesh shall carry out such parts of the Project as are
located in Uttar Pradesh with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering and health and
family welfare practices, and shall provide, or cause to
be provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for the Project.
     (b)  Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section and except as the
Association and the Bank shall otherwise agree, each of
the States shall carry out the Project in accordance with
the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement.
     Section 2.02. Except as the Association and the Bank
shall otherwise agree, procurement of the goods, works
and consultants' services required for the Project and to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit and the
Loan shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule l to
this Agreement.
     Section 2.03. Each of the States shall carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions applicable to the
Development Credit Agreement and in Sections 9.04, 9.05,
9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions
applicable to the Loan Agreement (relating to insurance,
use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records
and reports, maintenance and land acquisition,
respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement.
     Section 2.04. (a) Each of the States shall, at the
request of the Association or the Bank, exchange views
Page  3
with the Association or the Bank with regard to the
performance of its obligations under this Agreement and
other matters relating to the purposes of the Credit and
the Loan.
     (b)  Each of the States shall promptly inform the
Association or the Bank of any condition which interferes
or threatens to interfere with the progress of the
Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit
or the Loan, or the performance by each of the States of
its obligations under this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 3.01. (a) Each of the States shall maintain
records and accounts adequate to monitor and record the
progress of the Project and to reflect in accordance with
sound accounting practices its operations and financial
condition in respect of activities related to its part of
the Project.
     (b)  Each of the States shall:
          (i)  have its records, accounts and financial
               statements (balance sheets, statements of
               income and expenses and related
               statements) for each fiscal year audited,
               in accordance with appropriate auditing
               principles consistently applied, by
               independent auditors acceptable to the
               Association and the Bank;
          (ii) furnish to the Association and the Bank
               as soon as available, but in any case not
               later than nine months after the end of
               each such year: (A) certified copies of
               its financial statements for such year as
               so audited; and (B) the report of such
               audit by said auditors, of such scope and
               in such detail as the Association and the
               Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)     furnish to the Association and the
                    Bank such other information
                    concerning said records, accounts
                    and financial statements as well as
                    the audit thereof, as the
                    Association and the Bank shall from
                    time to time reasonably request.
                      ARTICLE IV
             Effective Date; Termination;
              Cancellation and Suspension
     Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which both the Development
Credit Agreement and the Loan Agreement become effective.
     Section 4.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations
of the Association, the Bank and of each of the States
thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of the
following two dates:
          (i)  the date on which both the Development
               Credit Agreement and the Loan Agreement
               shall terminate in accordance with their
               terms; or
          (ii) the date twenty (20) years after the date
Page  4
               of this Agreement.
     (b)  If the Development Credit Agreement or the Loan
Agreement terminates, or both of said Agreements
terminate, in accordance with their terms before the date
specified in paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the
Association or the Bank or both shall promptly notify
each of the States of this event.
     Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions applicable to the Development Credit Agreement
or the Loan Agreement.
                       ARTICLE V
               Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable or
telex to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter
specified or at such other address as such party shall
have designated by notice to the party giving such notice
or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS                  440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA)
or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
               Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INTBAFRAD                440098 (ITT),
               Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA)
or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     For Andhra Pradesh:
          Chief Secretary to the Government
               of Andhra Pradesh
          Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh,
          India
                                   Telex:
                                        953 1556325
     For Madhya Pradesh:
Page  5
          Chief Secretary of the Government
               of Madhya Pradesh
          Bhopal, India
     For Uttar Pradesh:
          Chief Secretary of the Government
               of Uttar Pradesh
          Vidhan Bhavan
          Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh,
          India
     Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of either of the
States, or by either of the States on behalf of the
Borrower under the Development Credit Agreement or the
Loan Agreement, may be taken or executed by its Chief
Secretary or such other person or persons as the
concerned State shall designate in writing, and each of
the States shall furnish to the Association and the Bank
sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
     Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
               By /s/ Attila Karaosmanoglu
                                Regional Vice President
                                                   Asia
               STATE OF ANDHRA PRADESH
               STATE OF MADHYA PRADESH
               STATE OF UTTAR PRADESH
               By /s/ Anil Kumar
                              Authorized Representative
                      SCHEDULE 1
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
     Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works
shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance
with procedures consistent with those set forth in
Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement
under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Page  6
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured
in India may be granted a margin of preference in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs
1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures
     Contracts for civil works may be awarded, on the
basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the
Association and the Bank.
2.   Equipment and vehicles estimated to cost less than
the equivalent of $200,000 per contract up to an
aggregate amount not exceeding $21,000,000 equivalent may
be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance
with procedures satisfactory to the Association and the
Bank.
3.   Furniture, off the shelf items or groups of items
estimated to cost less than the equivalent of $25,000 per
contract, up to an aggregate amount not exceeding
$22,000,000 equivalent may be procured under quotations
solicited from a list of at least three suppliers
eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Association and the Bank.
Part D:   Review by the Association and the Bank of
          Procurement Decisions
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each contract referred to in
Part A of this Schedule, each contract for civil works
estimated to cost the equivalent of $200,000 or more and
each contract for equipment estimated to cost the
equivalent of $200,000 or more, the procedures set forth
in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix l to the Guidelines
shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be
made out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract required to be furnished to the Association
pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association and the Bank prior to the making of the
first payment out of the Special Account in respect of
such contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix l to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Association and the Bank pursuant to
said paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the Association
and the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 3 to the Development
Credit Agreement.
     (c)  The provisions of the preceding sub-paragraphs
(a) and (b) shall not apply to contracts on account of
which the Association and the Bank have authorized
withdrawals from the Credit Account on the basis of
statements of expenditure. Such contracts shall be
retained in accordance with Section 4.01 (a) (ii) of the
Page  7
Development Credit Agreement.
2.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II: Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist each of the States in carrying
out their respective parts of the Project, each of them
shall employ consultants whose qualifications, experience
and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Association and the Bank. Such
consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank
as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August
1981.
                      SCHEDULE 2
                Implementation Program
1.   Each of the States shall appoint staff to the
Administrative Cell, Human Resources Development Cell,
SIHFW, Divisional (Regional) Training Centers and
District Training Centers/Teams in accordance with an
agreed schedule.
2.   Each of the States shall prepare and submit to the
Association and the Bank by January 31 of each calendar
year, commencing in 1990: (a) an annual management
information and evaluation plan; and (b) an annual
evaluation report which outlines progress in meeting
Project objectives.
3.   Each of the States shall identify blocks/districts
for the operational research program on performance
measurement and release these from present target setting
procedures not later than December 31, 1989.
4.   Each of the States shall submit terms of reference
for innovative schemes to the Association and the Bank
for review and comment prior to their implementation.
5.   Each of the States shall complete baseline surveys
not later than December 31, 1990.
6.   Each of the States shall ensure that HRDC develops
and institutes Personnel Management Information Systems
not later than December 31, 1991.
7.   Each of the States shall ensure that the PHC and
sub-center facilities and equipment financed under the
Project are adequately funded and maintained during the
period of the Project.
8.   Each of the States shall, in conjunction with the
Borrower, undertake a formal review of Project progress
by December 31, 1993 and shall prepare reports including
monitorable benchmarks on which to assess such progress
for review with the Association and the Bank.
