Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3413 KO
                  (Gas System Expansion Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                       KOREA GAS CORPORATION
                      Dated December 11, 1991
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3413 KO
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated December 11, 1991, between INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and KOREA GAS
CORPORATION (Corporation) established under the Korea Gas Corpora-
tion Act (No. 3639) dated December 31, 1982 of the Borrower.
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Republic of Korea (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank has
agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to one hundred million dollars ($100,000,000),
on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but
only on condition that the Corporation agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and the Corporation, the proceeds of the Loan
provided for under the Loan Agreement will be relent to the
Corporation on the terms and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary
Loan Agreement; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS the Corporation, in consideration of the Bank's
entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to
undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. The Corporation declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering and public utility practices,
and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for the
Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of the Schedule to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Corporation shall carry out the obligations
set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and
land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement.
      Section 2.04. The Corporation shall duly perform all its
obligations under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Bank
shall otherwise agree, the Corporation shall not take or concur in
any action which would have the effect of amending, abrogating,
assigning or waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision
thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) The Corporation shall, at the request of the
Bank, exchange views with the Bank with regard to progress of the
Project, the performance of its obligations under this Agreement and
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters relating to
the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   The Corporation shall promptly inform the Bank of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Loan, or the performance by the Corporation of its obligations under
this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
           Management and Operations of the Corporation
      Section 3.01. The Corporation shall carry on its operations
and conduct its affairs in accordance with sound administrative,
financial and public utility practices under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
     Section 3.02. The Corporation shall at all times operate and
maintain its plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and
from time to time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs
Page  3
and renewals thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering,
financial and public utility practices.
      Section 3.03. The Corporation shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Bank for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall
be consistent with appropriate practice.
      Section 3.04. The Corporation shall cause to be carried out
the following safety audits of its technical operations, and shall
furnish the results of said audits to the Bank:
     (i)    prior to any construction;
    (ii)    during the construction; and
   (iii)    prior to start-up of LNG facilities constructed under
            Part A of the Project.
      Section 3.05. The Corporation shall, not later than June 30,
1992, prepare and furnish to the Bank for its comments, if any, a
three year action plan for strengthening the organization, staffing
and training of its financial staff, including internal auditing.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Corporation shall maintain records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   The Corporation shall:
            (i)    have its records, accounts and financial state-
                   ments (balance sheets, statements of income and
                   expenses and related statements) for each fiscal
                   year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                   auditing principles consistently applied, by
                   independent auditors acceptable to the Bank;
           (ii)    furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year, (A) certified copies of its
                   financial statements for such year as so audit-
                   ed, and (B) the report of such audit by said
                   auditors of such scope and in such detail as the
                   Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
            (iii)  furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records, accounts and financial
                   statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                   Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this
Section, the unaudited semi-annual financial statements shall be
furnished to the Bank not later than 60 days after the end of each
six month period of the fiscal year of the Corporation.
      Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Bank may otherwise agree, the
Corporation shall: (i) not incur any debt, if after the incurrence
of such debt: (A) the aggregate principal amount of debt of the
Corporation then incurred and outstanding would be greater than 75%
of its aggregate capitalization, and (B) unless a reasonable
forecast of the revenues and expenditures of the Corporation shows
that the projected internal cash generation of the Corporation for
the fiscal year 1992 shall be at least 1.2 times the projected debt
service requirement of the Corporation on all debt of the Corpora-
tion including the debt to be incurred, and 1.4 times in each fiscal
year thereafter; and (ii) maintain a ratio of current assets to
current liabilities of not less than 1.2 times.
Page  4
      (b)   Before December 31 in each of its fiscal years, the
Corporation shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by the
Corporation and satisfactory to the Bank, review whether it would
meet the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) of this Section in
respect of such year and the next following fiscal year and shall
furnish to the Bank the results of such review upon its completion.
      (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    The term "debt" means any indebtedness of the
                   Corporation maturing by its terms more than one
                   year after the date on which it is originally
                   incurred.
            (ii)   Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under a
                   loan contract or agreement or other instrument
                   providing for such debt or further modification
                   of its terms of payment, on the date of such
                   contract, agreement or instrument; and (B) under
                   a guarantee agreement, on the date the agreement
                   providing for such guarantee has been entered
                   into but only to the extent that the guaranteed
                   debt shall be outstanding.
          (iii)    The term "internal cash generation of the Corpo-
                   ration" means the gross revenues of the Corpora-
                   tion from all sources, adjusted to take account
                   of the Corporation's rates in effect at the time
                   of the incurrence of debt even though they were
                   not in effect during the twelve-month period to
                   which such revenues relate, less all operating
                   expenses of the Corporation, including expenses
                   accountable to administrative, maintenance and
                   taxes (or payments in lieu of taxes), but before
                   provision of depreciation of assets and interest
                   and other charges on debt.
           (iv)    The term "debt service requirements" means the
                   aggregate amount of repayments (including sink-
                   ing fund payments, if any) of, and interest and
                   other charges on, debt.
            (v)    The term "current assets" means cash, all assets
                   which could in the ordinary course of business
                   be converted into cash within twelve months,
                   including accounts receivable, marketable secu-
                   rities, inventories and pre-paid expenses prop-
                   erly chargeable to operating expenses within the
                   next fiscal year.
           (vi)    The term "current liabilities" means all liabil-
                   ities which will become due and payable or could
                   under circumstances then existing be called for
                   payment within twelve months, including accounts
                   payable, customer advances, debt service re-
                   quirements, taxes and payments in lieu of taxes,
                   and dividends.
           (vii)   Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                   shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                   currency of the Borrower, debt payable in anoth-
                   er currency, such valuation shall be made on the
                   basis of the prevailing lawful rate of exchange
                   at which such other currency is, at the time of
                   such valuation, obtainable for the purposes of
                   servicing such debt, or, in the absence of such
                   rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange accept-
                   able to the Bank.
      Section 4.03. The Corporation shall furnish to the Bank for
comments, its updated annual investment programs before starting
construction work on any major additional investment beyond those
Page  5
works covered under the Project.
      Section 4.04. The Corporation shall, not later than June 30
each year, furnish to the Bank for its review and comments, if any,
the rationale for the proposed wholesale gas price structure for the
following year.
      Section 4.05. The Corporation shall, not later than March 31
of each year, furnish to the Bank a rolling long-term financial plan
containing projected income statements, sources and uses of funds
and balance sheets for a period of not less than seven years, and
shall annually exchange views with the Bank regarding the Corpora-
tion's future finances.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of the Corporation thereunder shall terminate on the date on
which the Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
terms, and the Bank shall promptly notify the Corporation thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                           ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      For the Corporation:
            Korea Gas Corporation
            942 Daichi-Dong, Kangnam-Ku
            Seoul 135-283
            Republic of Korea
                                           Telex:
                                             KOGAS 28167
Page  6
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of the Corporation, may be taken or executed by
the President or such other person or persons as the Corporation
shall designate in writing, and the Corporation shall furnish to the
Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated
specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all collec-
tively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                            RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ G. S. Kaji
                                           Regional Vice President
                                             East Asia and Pacific
                         KOREA GAS CORPORATION
                         By /s/ Koo Bohn Young
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
      Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guide-
lines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by
the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in the Republic of
Korea may be granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and
subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the
Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Civil works may be procured under contracts awarded on the
basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
2.    Contracts for goods estimated to cost the equivalent of
$300,000 each or less, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to
$3,000,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
comparison of price quotations obtained from at least three
suppliers from different countries eligible under the Guidelines, in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Bank.
Page  7
3.    Contracts for proprietary items up to an aggregate amount not
exceeding the equivalent of $6,000,000 may be awarded after direct
negotiations with suppliers, in accordance with procedures accep-
table to the Bank, provided that the list of such items shall have
been approved by the Bank.
Part D:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $1,000,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Bank
prior to the making of the first payment out of the Special Account
in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Bank has authorized
withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Corporation in the carrying out of the
Project, the Corporation shall employ consultants whose qualifica-
tions, experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Bank. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World
Bank Borrowers and by The World Bank as Executing Agency" published
by the Bank in August 1981.
