Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3178 KO
                         KWANGJU Agreement
               (Juam Regional Water Supply Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                      KWANGJU CITY GOVERNMENT
                       Dated August 10, 1990
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3178 KO
                         KWANGJU AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated August 1O, 1990, between INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT  (the Bank) and KWANGJU CITY
GOVERNMENT (Kwangju).
      WHEREAS by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between
Republic of Korea (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank has agreed
to make available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies
equivalent to thirty-four million dollars  ($34,000,000),  on the
terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on
condition that Kwangju agree to undertake such obligations toward
the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      WHEREAS Kwangju, in consideration of the Bank's entering into
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
Page  2
      Section 1.01. Unless  the context otherwise requires,  the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the Preamble to this
Agreement and the General Conditions (as so defined) have the
respective meanings therein set forth and the term "KWB" means the
Kwangju Water Bureau of the Kwangju City Government.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01.  Kwangju declares  its  commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement,  and,  to this end,  shall cause KWB to carry out, by
December 31, 1993, extensions to its water distribution system in
order to use the water made available under the Project, and shall
provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities,  services and other resources required to carry out said
extensions.
      Section 2.02. (a) Kwangju shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement.
     (b)   Kwangju shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the performance by
Kwangju of its obligations under this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                 Management and Operations of KWB
      Section 3.01. Kwangju shall cause KWB to carry on its
operations and conduct its affairs  in accordance with sound
administrative, financial and public utility practices under the
supervision of qualified and experienced management assisted by
competent staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. Kwangju shall cause KWB at all times to operate
and maintain its plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and
from time to time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs
and renewals thereof,  all  in accordance with sound engineering,
financial and public utility practices.
      Section 3.03. Kwangju shall  cause KWB to take out and
maintain with responsible insurers,  or make other provision
satisfactory to the Bank for, insurance against such risks and in
such amounts as shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                       Particular Covenants
      Section 4.01. Kwangju shall cause KWB to include in its
investment program for financial years 1990 to 1993 a plan for leak
detection and for rehabilitation of its water distribution system
satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 4.02. Kwangju shall cause KWB to:  (i) implement, by
December 31, 1990, in consultation with the Bank, a program for
computerized planning and financial forecasting;  and  (ii)
annually, by March 31 each year,  furnish to the Bank a copy of such
projections.
      Section 4.03. Kwangju shall cause KWB to:  (i) implement by
December 31, 1990, a management information system satisfactory to
the Bank with monthly information on water demand, revenues and
costs,  and (ii) bi-annually by March 31 and September 30 each year
bi-annually, furnish a copy of such information to the Bank.
      Section 4.04. Kwangju shall cause KWB to revalue from time to
time its fixed assets on the basis permitted by the relevant laws of
Page  3
the Borrower.
      Section 4.05. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
Kwangju shall cause KWB to take all steps necessary on its part to
set and maintain the tariffs and other charges at such levels as
shall be necessary to provide revenues sufficient to produce an
annual rate of return on the value of the net fixed assets in
operation of not less than 9%.
      For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The annual rate of return shall be calculated by
                  dividing the operating income for the year in
                  question by the average value of its net fixed
                  assets in operation at the beginning and at the
                  end of each year.
            (ii)  The term "value of net fixed assets in operation"
                  shall mean the gross book value of such assets,
                  less the amount of accumulated depreciation,  as
                  such assets shall be revalued in accordance with
                  the provisions of Section 4.04 of this Agreement.
            (iii) The term  "operating  income"  shall mean the
                  difference between:
                  (A)   all  operating  revenues  accruing  from
                        operations of KWB; and
                  (B)   all operating and administrative expenses
                        and adequate maintenance and depreciation,
                        but excluding interest and other charges on
                        debt.
                            ARTICLE V
                    Effective Date; Termination
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of Kwangju thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the
Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the
Bank shall promptly notify Kwangju thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail,  telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
Page  4
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 440098 (ITT)
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA) or
                                             64145 (WUI)
      For Kwangju:
            Kwangju City Government
            Kwangju
            Republic of Korea
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of Kwangju may be taken or executed by the Mayor
of Kwangju or such other person or persons as the Mayor shall
designate in writing, and Kwangju shall furnish to the Bank
sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                     RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ Heinz Vergin
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                              Asia
                  KWANGJU CITY GOVERNMENT
                  By /s/ Sohn Myung Hyun
                                         Authorized Representative
