Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3178 KO
                         KOWACO Agreement
               (Juam Regional Water Supply Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                 KOREA WATER RESOURCES CORPORATION
                       Dated August 10, 1990
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3178 KO
                         KOWACO AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated August 10, 1990, between INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and KOREA WATER
RESOURCES CORPORATION (KOWACO).
      WHEREAS by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between
Republic of Korea (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank has agreed
to make available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies
equivalent to thirty-four million dollars ($34,000,000), on the
terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on
condition that KOWACO agrees to undertake such obligations toward
the Bank as are hereinafter set forth; and
      WHEREAS KOWACO, in consideration of the Bank's entering into
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations hereinafter set forth;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
Page  2
      Section 1.01. Wherever used in this Agreement, unless the
context shall otherwise require, the several terms defined in the
Loan Agreement, the Preamble to this Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                 Transfer of Works and Facilities;
             Operation and Maintenance of the Project
      Section 2.01. KOWACO declares its commitment to the objectives
of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.02. For the purposes of operating and maintaining
the works and facilities completed under the Project, KOWACO shall
prior to the completion of the Project, enter into a Transfer and
Operations Agreement, satisfactory to the Bank, with the Borrower.
      Section 2.03. KOWACO shall, as soon as the transfer of the
works and facilities completed under the Project is effected,
operate and maintain such works and facilities in accordance with
the provisions of the Transfer and Operations Agreement, with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering and public utility practices.
      Section 2.04. (a) KOWACO shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement.
      (b)   KOWACO shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the performance by
KOWACO of its obligations under this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                Management and Operations of KOWACO
      Section 3.01. KOWACO shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative financial,
engineering and public utility practices under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. KOWACO shall at all times operate and maintain
the plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
public utility practices.
      Section 3.03. KOWACO shall take out, and maintain with
responsible insurers or make other provisions satisfactory to the
Bank for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall
be consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. KOWACO shall maintain records adequate to
reflect, in accordance with consistently maintained appropriate
accounting practices, its operations and financial conditions.
      Section 4.02. KOWACO shall:
      (a)   have its accounts and financial statements (balance
sheets, statements of income and expenses and related statements)
for each fiscal year audited, in accordance with appropriate
auditing principles consistently applied, by independent auditors
acceptable to the Bank;
      (b)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in any
Page  3
case not later than six months after the end of each such year: (i)
certified copies of its financial statements for such year as so
audited; and (ii) the report of such audit by said auditors of such
scope and in such detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
requested; and
      (c)   furnish to the Bank such other information concerning
said accounts, financial statements, records and expenditures, as
well as the audit thereof, as the Bank shall from time to time
reasonably request.
      Section 4.03. KOWACO shall revalue from time to time the fixed
assets of its Water and Dams Divisions on the basis permitted by the
relevant laws of the Borrower.
      Section 4.04. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, KOWACO
shall take all steps necessary on its part to set and maintain the
tariffs and other charges of its Water and Dams Divisions at such
levels as shall be necessary to provide revenues sufficient to
produce an annual rate of return on the value of the net fixed
assets in operation of each such Division of not less than 5%,
provided, however, that rate of return of its Water Division for
financial years 1990 and 1991 may be not less than 2% and 3.5%,
respectively.
      For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The annual rate of return shall be calculated by
                  dividing the operating income of the concerned
                  Division for the year in question by the average
                  value of its net fixed assets in operation at the
                  beginning and at the end of each year.
            (ii)  The term "value of net fixed assets in operation"
                  shall mean the gross book value of such assets,
                  (excluding the fixed assets of the Geumgang
                  System until December 31, 1989) less the amount
                  of accumulated depreciation, as such assets shall
                  be revalued in accordance with the provisions of
                  Section 4.03 of this Agreement.
            (iii) The term "operating income" shall mean the
                  difference between:
                  (A)   all operating revenues accruing from
                        operations of KOWACO's Water or Dams
                        Division, as the case may be; and
                  (B)   all operating and administrative expenses
                        of such Division and adequate maintenance
                        and depreciation but excluding interest and
                        other charges on debt.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Effective Date; Termination
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of KOWACO thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the
Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and
      the Bank shall promptly notify KOWACO thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
Page  4
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
   Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to be
given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
             Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                440098 (ITT)
                  Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA) or
                                            64145 (WUI)
      For KOWACO:
            Korea Water Resources Corporation
            San 6-2 Yeonchug-dong, Daegeon-Si
            Chungcheongnam-Do
            Republic of Korea
            Cable Address:                Telex:
                  KOWACO                   K-5554
                  Daegeon
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of KOWACO, may be taken or executed by the
President of KOWACO or such other person or persons as the President
of KOWACO shall designate in writing, and KOWACO shall furnish to
the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated
specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ Heinz Vergin
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                              Asia
                  KOREA WATER RESOURCES CORPORATION
Page  5
                  By /s/ Sohn Myung Hyun
                                         Authorized Representative
