Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3779 IN
                         IDBI Guarantee Agreement
                 (Industrial Pollution Prevention Project)
                                  between
                                   INDIA
                                    and
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                              AND DEVELOPMENT
                          Dated November 21, 1994
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3779 IN
                         IDBI GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated November 21, 1994, between India (the Guarantor)
(acting by its President) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT BANK OF INDIA
(IDBI) (the Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasibility and
priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit
Agreement as hereinafter defined, have requested the Bank to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the Bank and
the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower a loan in
various currencies equivalent to ninety-three million dollars ($93,000,000),
on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on
condition that the Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of the
Borrower in respect of such loan as provided in this Agreement;
      (C)   the Guarantor has requested the International Development
Association to provide assistance towards the financing of Parts A, B(2) and
C of the Project and by an agreement of even date herewith between the
Guarantor and the International Development Association (the Development
Credit Agreement), the Association is agreeing to provide such assistance
in an aggregate principal amount equivalent to seventeen million seven
hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 17,700,000) (the Credit);
      (D)   the Industrial Credit and Investment Corporation of India
Page  2
(ICICI) has also requested the Bank to provide assistance towards the
financing of Part B(1) of the Project and by an agreement of even date
herewith between the Bank and ICICI (the ICICI Loan Agreement), the
Association is agreeing to provide such assistance in an aggregate principal
amount equivalent to fifty million dollars ($50,000,000) (the ICICI Loan);
      (E)   by an agreement of even date herewith between the Guarantor and
the Bank (the ICICI Guarantee Agreement), the Guarantor has agreed to
guarantee the obligations of ICICI in respect of the ICICI Loan and to
undertake such other obligations as set forth in the Guarantee Agreement;
      (F)   Parts A, C(1), C(2) and C(4) of the Project will be carried out
by the Guarantor, Part B(1) of the Project will be carried out by ICICI and
the Borrower and Parts B(2) and C(3) of the Project will be carried out by
the Borrower with the assistance of the Guarantor; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering into
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to guarantee such
obligations of the Borrower;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                      General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and Guarantee
Agreements for Single Currency Loans" of the Bank, dated February 9, 1993,
(the General Conditions), as modified by the IDBI Loan Agreement, constitute
an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble to this Agreement and
in the Preamble to and Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the
respective meanings therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                       Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the objective
of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit
Agreement, and, to this end, without limitation or restriction upon any of
its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor hereby
unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not as surety merely, the
due and punctual payment of the principal of, and interest and other charges
on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on the prepayment of the Loan, and
the punctual performance of all the other obligations of the Borrower, all
as set forth in the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Without limitation or restriction upon the provisions
of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the Guarantor specifically undertakes,
whenever there is reasonable cause to believe that the funds available to
the Borrower will be inadequate to meet the estimated expenditures required
for the carrying out of the Project, to make arrangements, satisfactory to
the Bank, promptly to provide the Borrower or cause the Borrower to be
provided with such funds as are needed to meet such expenditures.
                                ARTICLE III
                Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 3.01. Any Secretary, Additional Secretary, Joint Secretary,
Director, Deputy Secretary or Under Secretary of the Department of Economic
Affairs in the Ministry of Finance of the Borrower is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the
General Conditions.
      Section 3.02. The following addresses are specified for the purposes
of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
Page  3
            The Secretary to the Government of India
            Ministry of Finance
            Department of Economic Affairs
            New Delhi, India
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  ECOFAIRS                  953-3166175
                  New Delhi
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
               Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                  197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly
authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in the District of Columbia, United States of America, as
of the day and year first above written.
                  INDIA
                  By /s/ N. Valluri
                  Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                     RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ Heinz Vergin
                  Acting Regional Vice President
                  South Asia
