Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                    LOAN NUMBER 3033 DO
                  Guarantee Agreement
      (Industrial Free Zone Development Project)
                        between
                  DOMINICAN REPUBLIC
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                Dated December 4, 1989
                                    LOAN NUMBER 3033 DO
                  GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT,  dated December 4,  1989, between the
DOMINICAN REPUBLIC (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
     WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Banco Central de la
Republica Dominicana (the Borrower), having been
satisfied as to the feasibility and priority of the
Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement,
have requested the Bank to assist in the financing of
Part A of the Project: and
     (B)  by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to
extend to the Borrower a loan in various currencies
equivalent to thirty million dollars ($30,000,000), on
the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement,
but only on condition that the Guarantor agree to
guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of
such loan and to undertake such other obligations as
provided in this Agreement; and
     (C)  the Bank has received a letter dated January
25, 1989, from the Guarantor describing a program of
actions, objectives and policies designed to achieve the
development of industrial free zones  in the  Guarantor's
territory  (hereinafter called  the Program),  and
declaring the Guarantor's  commitment  to  the execution
of the Program;
     WHEREAS  the  Guarantor, in consideration of the
Bank's entering into the Loan Agreement with the
Borrower, has agreed so to guarantee such obligations of
the Borrower;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
Page  2
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01 The "General Conditions Applicable to
Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January
1, 1985, with the modifications set forth in Schedule 3
to the Loan Agreement (the General Conditions) constitute
an integral part of this Agreement.
     Section 1.02.  Unless the context otherwise
requires,  the several  terms defined in the General
Conditions and in the Preamble to this Agreement and in
Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                      ARTICLE II
            Guarantee; Provision of Funds;
    Section 2.01.  The Guarantor declares its commitment
to the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule
1 to the Loan Agreement,  and,  to this end, without
limitation or restriction upon any of its other
obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor
hereby unconditionally guarantees,  as primary obligor
and not as surety merely, the due and punctual payment of
the principal of, and interest and other charges on, the
Loan, and the premium,  if any,  on the prepayment of the
Loan,   and the punctual performance of all the other
obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan
Agreement.
    Section 2.02.  Without limitation or restriction upon
the provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the
Guarantor specifically undertakes, whenever there is
reasonable cause to believe that the funds available to
the Borrower will be inadequate to meet the estimated
expenditures required for the carrying out of Parts A and
B of the Project, to make arrangements, satisfactory to
the Bank,  promptly to provide the Borrower or cause the
Borrower to be provided with such funds as are needed to
meet such expenditures.
                      ARTICLE III
       Execution of Parts C and D of the Project
     Section 3.01. The Guarantor shall carry out Parts C
and D of the Project, with the participation of CPI and
NCFZ, respectively, with due diligence  and efficiency
and in conformity with appropriate administrative,
financial, engineering and commercial practices, and
shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as
needed,  the funds,  facilities,  services and other
resources required for such Parts of the Project.
     Section 3.02. (a) The Guarantor shall:
          (i)  in the event the Grant Agreement provides for
               the financing of Part B of the Project, make
               part of the proceeds of the Grant available to
               the Borrower for purposes of carrying out Part
               B of the Project under  a  technical
               assistance agreement to be entered into
               between the Guarantor and the Borrower under
               terms and conditions which shall have been
               approved by the Bank;
         (ii)  make part of the proceeds of the Grant
Page  3
               available to CPI for purposes of its assisting
               the Guarantor in carrying out Part C of the
               Project under a technical assistance agreement
               to be entered into between the Guarantor and
               CPI under terms and conditions which shall
               have been approved by the Bank; and
        (iii)  make part of the proceeds of the Grant
               available to NCFZ for purposes of its
               carrying out Part D of the Project under
               a technical assistance arrangement to be
               made between the Guarantor and NCFZ under
               terms and conditions which shall have
               been approved by the Bank; and
     (b)  The Guarantor shall exercise its rights under
the FIDE Technical Assistance Agreement,  the CPI
Technical Assistance Agreement and the NCFZ Technical
Assistance Arrangement in such manner as to protect the
interest of the Guarantor and the Bank and to accomplish
the purposes of the Grant, and, except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree, the Guarantor shall not assign, amend,
abrogate or waive the FIDE Technical Assistance
Agreement, the CPI Technical Assistance Agreement or the
NCFZ Technical Assistance Arrangement or any provision
thereof.
    Section 3.03. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the consultants' services required
for Parts C and D of the Project shall be governed by the
provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement.
     Section 3.04.  The  Guarantor hereby  agrees  that
the obligations set forth in Sections 9.06 and 9.07, of
the General Conditions  (relating to plans and schedules,
and records and reports, respectively) in respect of
Parts C and D of the Project shall be carried out by the
Guarantor through CPI and NCFZ, respectively, pursuant to
the provisions of Section 3.04 of the Loan Agreement.
    Section 3.05. (a) The Guarantor shall maintain or
cause to be maintained separate records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices  the operations, resources and expenditures in
respect of Parts C and D of the Project or any part
thereof.
    (b)  The Guarantor shall:
         (i)  have the records and accounts referred to in
              paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
              year audited, in accordance with appropriate
              auditing principles, consistently applied by
              independent auditors acceptable to the Bank;
        (ii)  furnish or cause to be furnished to the Bank
              as soon as available, but in any case not
              later than six months after the end of each
              such year,  the report of such audit by said
              auditors,  of such scope and in such detail as
              the Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
       (iii)  furnish or cause to be furnished to the
              Bank such other information concerning
              said records  and accounts and the audit
              thereof as the Bank shall from time to
              time reasonably request.
     Section 3.06. The Guarantor shall, not later than
March 30, 1990, employ or cause to be employed the
Page  4
consultants required for purposes of Part C and D of the
Project.
      Section 3.07. The Guarantor shall in respect of
Part C.l (a) of the Project:  (a) not later than May 15,
1990, furnish to the Bank for its comments the work plan
to be implemented for purposes of such part of the
Project;  and (b) not later than March 31, 1992, carry
out such action plan, as modified to take into account
the comments, if any, made by the Bank thereon.
    Section 3.08. The Guarantor shall, in respect of Part
C.l (b) of the Project:  (a) not later than October 30,
1990, furnish to the Bank for its comments the mechanisms
and procedures developed for purposes of such Part of the
Project;  and (b) not later than March 30, 1991, within
a timetable acceptable to the Bank, apply such mechanisms
and procedures as modified to take into account the
comments, if any, made by the Bank thereon.
     Section 3.09. The Guarantor shall, in respect of
Part C.l (c) of the Project:  (a) not later than October
30, 1990, furnish to the Bank for its comments its
recommendations based on the results of all the studies
to be carried out under Part C.l (c) of the Project; and
(b) promptly thereafter carry out, within a timetable
acceptable to the Bank, such recommendations and action
plan as modified to take into account the comments, if
any, made by the Bank thereon.
                      ARTICLE IV
                    Other Covenants
     Section 4.01.  The  Guarantor  shall  authorize
private investors, promptly after applications are made
by them:  (a) to set up electricity generating plants in
industrial free zones; and (b)  to provide electricity to
tenants of factories or offices within such free zones.
                       ARTICLE V
      Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
    Section 5.01. The Secretario Tecnico de la
Presidencia of the Guarantor is designated as
representative of the Guarantor for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
    Section 5.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
    For the Guarantor:
     Palacio Nacional
     Dr. Delgado No. 2
     Sto. Domingo, Republica Dominicana
                                       Telex:
                                       346 0437 ITT
    International Bank for
          Reconstruction and Development
    1818 H Street, N.W.
    Washington, D.C. 20433
    United States of America
    Cable address:                      Telex:
Page  5
          INTBAFRAD Washington  D.C.    440098 (ITT)
          Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA) or
                                         64145 (WUI)
    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         DOMINICAN REPUBLIC
                         By /s/ Carlos Morales Troncoso
                                   Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                              RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ Ping-Cheung Loh
                                      Regional Vice President
                              Latin America and the Caribbean
