Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                    LOAN NUMBER 3033 DO
                    Loan Agreement
      (Industrial Free Zone Development Project)
                        between
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                          and
       BANCO CENTRAL DE LA REPUBLICA DOMINICANA
                Dated December 4, 1989
                                    LOAN NUMBER 3033 DO
     AGREEMENT, dated December 4, 1989, between
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank) and BANCO CENTRAL DE LA REPUBLICA DOMINICANA
(the Borrower).
     WHEREAS (A)  the Dominican Republic (the Guarantor)
and the Borrower, having been satisfied as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in
Schedule 1 to this Agreement, have requested the Bank to
assist in the financing of Part A of the Project;
     (B)  by an agreement (the Guarantee Agreement) of
even date herewith between the Guarantor and the Bank,
the Guarantor has agreed to guarantee the obligations of
the Borrower in respect of the Loan And to undertake such
other obligations as set forth in
the Guarantee Agreement;
     (C)  the Bank has received a letter dated January
25, 1989, from the Guarantor describing a program of
actions, objectives and policies designed to achieve the
development of industrial free zones  in the Guarantor's
territory  (hereinafter called the Program) and declaring
the Guarantor's commitment to the execution of the
Program;
     (D)  the Guarantor expects to receive a grant (the
Grant) in an amount equivalent to $1,400,000 to assist in
financing Parts B, C and D of the Project on the terms
and conditions set forth in an agreement (the Grant
Page  2
Agreement)  to be entered into between the Guarantor and
the financing institution providing such financing;
and
     WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Loan to the
Borrower upon the terms and condition set forth in this
Agreement:
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.O1. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January
1, 1985, with the modifications set forth in Schedule 3
to this Agreement (the General Conditions) constitute an
integral part of this Agreement.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions and
in the Preamble to this Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth,  and the following additional
terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "Sub-loan" means a loan made or proposed to be
made by a Financial Intermediary and partially financed
out of the proceeds of a FIDE Loan to an Investment
Enterprise for an Investment Project;
     (b)  "free-limit Sub-loan" means a Sub-loan, as so
defined, which qualifies as a free-limit Sub-loan
pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 2 (b) of Schedule
4 to this Agreement;
     (c)  "Investment Enterprise" means an enterprise to
which a Financial Intermediary proposes to make or has
made a Sub-loan;
     (d)  "Investment Project" means  a specific
development project related to the development of private
industrial free zones and to be carried out by an
Investment Enterprise partially financed utilizing the
proceeds of a Sub-loan;
     (e)  "Charter" means the Organic Law of the
Borrower,  Law No. 6142 dated December 29, 1962, as
amended to the date of this Agreement;
     (f)  "Operating Rules and Regulations" means the
statement of lending and investment policy of Fondo de
Inversiones par a el Desarrollo Economico approved by
Junta Monetaria,  the Board of Directors of the Borrower
on September 22,  1988,  including the credit regulations
to be approved by such Junta pursuant to the provisions
of Section 6.01 (a) of this Agreement;
     (g)  "FIDE" means Fondo de Inversiones para el
Desarrollo Economico,  a fund of the Borrower established
pursuant to the Borrower's Resolution No. 13 of April 7,
1965;
     (h)  "FIDE Loan" means a loan made or proposed to be
made by the Borrower,  through FIDE,  and partially
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan to a Financial
Intermediary for purposes of financing an Investment
Project;
Page  3
     (i)  "Financial Intermediary" means any bank or
financing entity operating in the Guarantor's territory
and included in the certificate dated January 20,  1989
furnished by the Borrower to the Bank, and any other bank
or financing entity which has been approved by the Bank
and the Borrower for participating in the carrying out of
Part A of the Project;
     (j)  "Participation Agreement" means an agreement
entered into, or to be entered into, between the Borrower
and a Financial Intermediary for purposes of Part A of
the Project pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.01
(b) of this Agreement;
     (k)  "CPI" means Consejo Promotor de Inversiones
Extranjeras, constituted as a non-profit entity (entidad
sin fines de lucro) operating under Law No. 520 of July
26, 1920 and its by-laws dated November 15,  1985,  and
registered on February 13,  1986,  or any other
institution or entity acceptable to the Bank which shall
be designated by the Guarantor to assist in the
implementation of Part C of the Project;
     (l)  "NCFZ" means Consejo Nacional de Zonas Francas
Industriales,  the Guarantor's National Council of Free
Zones,  established pursuant to Decree No. 507 of
December 27, 1978, as amended to the date of this
Agreement;
     (m)  "FIDE Technical Assistance Agreement" means the
agreement to be made between the Guarantor and the
Borrower pursuant to Section 3.02 (a) (i) of the
Guarantee Agreement, as the same may be amended from time
to time;
     (n)  "CPI Technical Assistance Agreement" means the
agreement to be entered into between the Guarantor and
CPI pursuant to Section 3.02 (a) (ii) of the Guarantee
Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time;
     (o)  "NCFZ Technical Assistance Arrangement" means
the arrangement to be made between the Guarantor and NCFZ
pursuant to Section 3.02 (a) (iii) of the Guarantee
Agreement, as the same may be amended from to mo to time:
and
     (p)  "peso" or "pesos" means the currency of the
Guarantor.
                      ARTICLE II
                       The Loan
     Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms  and conditions  set forth or
referred to in the Loan Agreement,  an amount in various
currencies equivalent to thirty million dollars (S30
000,000).
     Section 2.02.  (a) The amount of the Loan may be
withdrawn from the Loan Account in accordance with the
provisions of this Section to finance 90% of the amounts
paid (or, if the Bank shall so agree, to be paid) by the
Borrower on account of withdrawals made by a Financial
Intermediary under a FIDE Loan to meet the reasonable
cost of goods and services required by an Investment
Enterprise for the Investment Project in respect of which
the withdrawal is requested.
     (b)  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (a)
Page  4
above, no withdrawals shall be made:
          (i)  in respect of a Sub-loan unless the
               Sub-loan has been made in accordance with
               the procedures and on the terms and
               conditions set forth or referred to in
               Schedule 4 to this Agreement;
          (ii) in respect of a Sub-loan unless the Bank
               shall have received evidence satisfactory
               to the Bank that the Financial
               Intermediary has entered into a
               Participation Agreement with the Borrower
               and that such Participation Agreement is
               in full force and effect and binding on
               the parties thereto in accordance with
               its terms; and
          (iii)     in respect of payments made for
                    expenditures prior to the date of
                    this Agreement except that with-
                    drawals, in an aggregate amount not
                    exceeding the equivalent of
                    $3,000,000, may be made on account
                    of payments made for expenditures
                    before that date but  after
                    December. 1988.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30,
1994,  or such later date as the Bank shall establish.
The Bank shall promptly notify the Borrower and the
Guarantor of such later date.
     Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a
commitment charge at the rate of three-fourths of one
percent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of
the Loan not withdrawn from time to time.
     Section 2.05.  (a) The borrower shall pay interest
on the principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time at a rate per annum for
each Interest Period equal to one half of one percent per
annum above the Cost of Qualified Borrowings for the last
Semester ending prior to the commencement of such
Interest Period.
     (b)  As soon as practicable after the end of each
Semester, the Bank shall notify the Guarantor and the
Borrower of the Cost of Qualified Borrowings for each
Semester.
     (c)  For purposes of this Section:
          (i)  "Interest Period" means the six-month
               period commencing on each date specified
               in Section 2.06 of this Agreement,
               including the Interest Period in which
               this Agreement is signed.
          (ii) "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the
               cost of the outstanding borrowings of the
               Bank drawn down after June 30, 1982,
               expressed as a percentage per annum, as
               reasonably determined by the Bank.
          (iii)     "Semester" means the first six
                    months or the second six months of a
                    calendar year.
     Section 2.06.  Interest and other charges shall be
payable semiannually on April 15 and October 15 in each
year.
Page  5
     Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal
amount of the Loan in accordance with the amortization
schedule set forth in Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
      Execution of Parts A and B of the Project;
       Management and Operations of the Borrower
     Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 1 to this Agreement, and, to this end, shall:
(i) carry out Parts A and B of
the Project and conduct its operations and affairs in
accordance with sound financial standards and practices,
with qualified management and personnel, and in
accordance with the Charter and the Operating Rules and
Regulations;  (ii) provide, promptly as needed,  the
funds,  facilities,  services and other resources
required for the carrying out of Parts A and B of the
Project; and (iii) without limitation to the provisions
of subparagraph (a) (ii) above:  (A) deposit in FIDE, by
not later than November 30 each year,  the amount
required from FIDE as the Borrower's counterpart in the
financing of FIDE Loans for the following year; and (B)
not restrict or redirect the use of such funds for other
purposes in FIDE operations.
     (b)  As part of the foregoing, the Borrower, through
FIDE, shall enter into agreements, satisfactory to the
Bank, with each Financial Intermediary to define the
terms and conditions of the participation of such
Financial Intermediary in the execution of Part A of the
Project, such agreement to provide inter alia for:
     (i)  the terms and conditions of FIDE Loans which
          shall be the same as those set forth for
          Sub-loans in Schedule 4 to this Agreement
          except that:  (A) the spread applicable to
          FIDE Loans shall not exceed 1.5 percentage
          points;  and (B)  FIDE Loans shall finance up
          to 70% of the Investment Project costs and up
          to 95% of the Sub-loan in question and shall
          not exceed $2,500,000 equivalent per
          Investment Enterprise and $5,000,000
          equivalent per Investment Enterprise when
          added to any outstanding Sub-loan made to such
          Investment Enterprise by any Financial
          Intermediary benefitting from FIDE Loans;
     (ii) the terms  for Sub-loans,  Investment Projects
          appraisals and supervision guidelines,
          reporting requirements, accounting, auditing,
          procurement and disbursement and Sub-loan
          approval procedures, including those set forth
          or referred to in Schedule 4 to this
          Agreement;
     (iii)     the Financial Intermediaries undertaking
               to:  (A) maintain separate records and
               accounts to reflect, in accordance with
               consistently maintained sound accounting
               practices,  their operations,  resources
               and expenditures in respect of Part A of
               the Project; (B) have the records and
               accounts referred to  in  (A)  above  and
               the financial  statements (balance
               sheets, statements of income and expenses
               and related statements)  for each fiscal
               year audited in accordance with
               appropriate auditing principles
Page  6
               consistently applied,  by independent
               auditors acceptable to the Bank; and (C)
               furnish to the Bank, through FIDE, not
               later than six months after the end of
               each fiscal year, certified copies of
               their financial statements for such  year
               as so audited and the report of such
               audit by said auditors.
     Section 3.02.  (a) The Borrower undertakes that,
unless the Bank shall otherwise agree, FIDE Loans and
Sub-loans will be made in accordance with the procedures
and on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
in Section 3.01 (b) of, and Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
     (b)  The Borrower shall exercise its rights in
relation to each Investment Project in such manner as to:
(i) protect the interests of the Bank and the Borrower;
(ii) comply with its obligations under this Agreement;
and (iii) achieve the purposes of
the Project.
    Section 3.03. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services, required    for the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the
provisions of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
    Section 3.04. The Borrower shall carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.06 and 9.07 of the
General Conditions (relating to plans and schedules and
records and reports, respectively) in respect of Parts A
and B of the Project.
    Section 3.05.  The Borrower shall, not later than May
31, 1991, review with the Bank:  (i) the status of
implementation of Part A of the Project,  including the
adequacy of the on lending terms set forth in Schedule 4
to this Agreement in the light of the economic parameters
existing in the Guarantor's territory and affecting such
on-lending terms; and (ii) the estimated demand for
industrial free zones development,  the terms and
conditions of future financing under such Part of the
Project. If by August 31, 1991  the Bank and the Borrower
shall not have reached agreement on the on-lending terms
to be applied to Sub-loans to be made as of such date and
on the number and cost of Investment Projects to be
financed under the Project during the remainder of the
Project implementation period,  the Bank may refrain from
approving or authorizing Sub-loans to be made commencing
as of such date pursuant to the provisions of paragraph
3 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
     Section 3.06.  The Borrower  shall:  (a)  not later
than March 31, 1990, furnish to the Bank for its
comments, the plan of action for the evaluation of the
performance of the Financial Intermediaries' portfolio,
including the mechanisms and criteria referred to in art
B.l (c) of the Project; and (b) carry out such plan of
action taking into account the comments, if any, made by
the Bank thereon.
    Section 3.07. The Borrower shall: (a) not later than
September 30 each year, furnish to the Bank for its
comments, the training program to be carried out during
the following year in respect of Part B.3 of the Project;
and (b) carry out such yearly programs taking into
account the comments,  if any,  made by the Bank thereon.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
Page  7
     Section 4.01.  The Borrower shall maintain
procedures and separate records and accounts adequate to
monitor and record the progress of Parts A and B of the
Project and of each Investment Project (including its
cost and the benefits to be derived from it)  and to
reflect in accordance with consistently maintained sound
accounting practices the operations and financial
condition of FIDE.
     Section 4.02. (a) The Borrower shall:
          (i)  have the records and accounts referred to
               in Section 4.01 of this Agreement, and
               financial statements  (balance sheets,
               statements of income and expenses and
               related statements) and for each fiscal
               year audited in accordance with sound
               auditing principles consistently applied,
               by independent auditors acceptable to the
               Bank;
          (ii) furnish to the Bank, as soon as available
               but in any case not later than six months
               after the end of each such year: (A)
               certified copies of said financial
               statements for such year as so audited;
               and (B) the report of such audit by said
               auditors, of such scope and in such
               detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
               requested; and
          (iii)     furnish to the Bank such other
                    information concerning the said
                    records, accounts and financial
                    statements and the audit thereof as
                    the Bank shall from time to time
                    reasonably request.
     (b)  For all expenditures for Part A of the Project
with respect to which withdrawals from the Loan Account
were made on the basis of statements of expenditure, the
Borrower shall:
          (i)  maintain,  in accordance with Section
               4.01 of this Agreement,  records and
               accounts reflecting such expenditures;
          (ii) retain, until at least one year after the
               Bank has received the audit report for
               the fiscal year in which the last
               withdrawal from the Loan Account was
               made,  all records  (contracts,  orders,
               invoices, bills,  receipts and other
               documents)  evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)     enable the Bank's representatives to
                    examine such records; and
          (iv) ensure that such records and accounts are
               included in the annual audit referred to
               in paragraph (a) of this Section and that
               the report of such audit contains a
               separate opinion by said auditors as to
               whether the statements of expenditure
               submitted during such fiscal year,
               together with the procedures and internal
               controls involved in their preparation,
               can be relied upon to support the related
               withdrawals.
     Section 4.03. The Borrower shall take such steps
Page  8
satisfactory to the Bank as shall be necessary to protect
itself against risk of loss resulting from changes in the
rates of exchange between the currencies including the
currency of the Guarantor) used in the operations of
FIDE.
                       ARTICLE V
                 Remedies of the Bank
     Section 5.01.  Pursuant to Section 6.02  (k)  of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified, that:
     (a)  the Charter or the Operating Rules and
Regulations shall have been amended, suspended,
abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially
and adversely the operations or the financial condition
of the Borrower or its ability to carry out Parts A and
B of the Project or to perform any of its obligations
under this Agreement.
     (b)  Resolution No. 13 of April 7, 1965, of the
Central Bank establishing FIDE shall have been amended,
suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect
materially and adversely the ability of the Borrower to
perform any of its obligations under Parts A or B of the
Project.
     (c)  Decree No.  507 of December 27,  1978,  shall
have been amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or
waived so as to affect materially and adversely the
ability of NCFZ to perform any of its obligations under
the NCFZ Technical Assistance Arrangement.
     (d)  A situation has arisen which shall make it
improbable that the Program, or a significant part
thereof, will be carried out.
     (e)  Forty-five days shall have elapsed from the
date the Bank notifies the Borrower of its disagreement
to the number and cost of Investment Projects or to the
on lending terms proposed by the Borrower during the
review referred to in Section 3.05 of this Agreement and
no subsequent agreement has been reached on such number
and cost of Investment Projects and on lending terms.
     (f)  A Financial Intermediary shall have failed to
perform any of its obligations under a Participation
Agreement, provided, however, that, in such event, the
suspension of the right of the Borrower to make
withdrawals  from the Loan Account may be restricted to
the Loan proceeds committed for the Sub-loan granted
under such Participation Agreement.
     Section 5.02.  Pursuant to Section 7.01  (h) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  any event specified in paragraph (e) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for
a period of sixty days after notice thereof shall have
been given by the Bank to the Borrower; and
     (b)  any event specified in paragraphs (a) or (b) or
(c) of Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                      ARTICLE VI
              Effective Date; Termination
Page  9
    Section 6.01. The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of the Loan
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the
General Conditions:
     (a)  the Borrower shall have approved credit
regulations satisfactory to the Bank;
     (b)  the Borrower shall have entered into
Participation Agreements with at least two Financial
Intermediaries for purposes of Section 3.01 (b) of this
Agreement; and
     (c)  all conditions precedent to the effectiveness
of the  Grant Agreement,  other than the effectiveness
of this Agreement, shall have been complied with, and
(ii) in the event the Grant Agreement shall not provide
for the financing of Part B of the Project,  the Borrower
shall have made arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank
for the financing of such Part of the Project.
     Section 6.02. The date March 8, 1990 is hereby
specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the
General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VII
                     Miscellaneous
     Section 7.01. The Governor of the Borrower is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
     Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
    For the Bank:
     International Bank for
          Reconstruction and Development
     1818 H Street, N.W.
     Washington, D.C. 20433
     United States of America
Cable address:                     Telex:
          INTBAFRAD                440098 (ITT)
          Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA) or
                                    64145 (WUI)
For the Borrower:
     Banco Central de la Republica Dominicana
     Pedro Henriquez Urena
     Santo Domingo
     D.N. Dominican Republic
Cable address:                     Telex:
     BACEN                              326-4186 (RCA) or
                                   346-0052 (ITT)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America,  as of the day and year first above written.
Page  10
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                         RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ Ping-Cheung Loh
                         Regional Vice President
                         Latin American and the Caribbean
                    BANCO CENTRAL DE LA REPUBLICA DOMINICANA
                    By /s/ Bienvenido Hugo Perez Garcia
                    Authorized Representative
                      SCHEDULE 1
              Description of the Project
     The objectives of the Project are: (a) to assist the
Borrower in meeting the financing needs of developers of
private industrial free zones in the construction of
buildings and supporting infrastructure  thereof;  (b)
to assist the Guarantor in reducing unemployment and
increasing the Guarantor's foreign exchange earnings; and
(c) to assist the Guarantor in rationalizing its policy
of industrial free zone development.
     The Project consists of the following Parts, subject
to such modifications thereof as the Bank and the
borrower may agree upon from time to time to achieve such
objectives:
Part A:
     The financing of specific projects,  through
Sub-loans to private industrial free zone developers, for
the construction of factory shells and office park
structures and for the development of new land including
land preparation, roads, utilities and services such as
water, electricity installations,  sewerage, solid waste
disposal and telecommunications.
Part B:
1.   (a) Strengthening of FIDE's capabilities in
financial planning and programming; (b) carrying out of
promotional activities of FIDE financing based on a
long-term development strategy;  and (c)  establishing
mechanisms and performance criteria to enable FIDE to
evaluate the performance of the Financial Intermediaries'
portfolio.
2.   Acquisition and utilization of computer equipment
for FIDE.
3.   Training FIDE's and selected Financial
Intermediaries' staff in project preparation, evaluation
and supervision.
Part C:
1.   Technical assistance:  (a)  to assist the Guarantor
in its efforts to promote linkages between free zone
industries and domestic  suppliers of goods  and
Page  11
services;  (b)  to develop mechanisms and procedures to
simplify access  for temporary admission of goods under
the provisions of the Guarantor's Law 69 of November 8,
1979; (c) to carry out studies to develop a long range
plan for the development of industrial free zones based
on a realistic assessment of the absorptive capacity for
such zones in the Guarantor's territory, including inter
alia, a review of the performance of the private and
public industrial free zones and the rental policies of
such public zones and an assessment of the level of such
rents so as to cover full economic cost of the
investments; and to prepare guidelines for the review and
approval of applications for new industrial free zones.
2.   Overseas visits of managers and staff acceptable to
the Bank to selected industrial free zones.
Part D:
     Technical assistance to NCFZ to assist in
computerizing the information related to the Guarantor's
textile quota allocation and data monitoring system and
to strengthen its evaluation, regulatory and approval
responsibilities,  including the acquisition and
utilization of office and data processing equipment and
vehicles therefor.
    The Project is expected to be completed by December
31, 1993.
                         SCHEDULE 2
                 Amortization Schedule
                                    Payment of Principal
Date payment Due                    (expressed in dollars)
October 15, 1994                        555,000
April 15, 1995                          575,000
October 15, 1995                        595,000
April 15, 1996                          620,000
October 15, 1996                        640,000
April 15, 1997                          665,000
October 15, 1997                        690,000
April 15, 1998                          720,000
October 15, 1998                        745,000
April 15, 1999                          775,000
October 15, 1999                        805,000
April 15, 2000                          835,000
October 15, 2000                        865,000
April 15, 2001                          900,000
October 15, 2001                        930,000
April 15, 2002                          970,000
October 15, 2002                      1,005,000
April 15, 2003                        1,045,000
October 15, 2003                      1,080,000
April 15, 2004                        1,125,000
October 15, 2004                      1,165,000
April 15, 2005                        1,210,000
October 15, 2005                      1,255,000
April 15, 2006                        1,305,000
October 15, 2006                      1,355,000
April 15, 2007                        1,405,000
October 15, 2007                      1,460,000
April 15, 2008                        1,515,000
October 15, 2008                      1,570,000
April 15, 2009                        1,620,000
Page  12
                 Premiums on Prepayment
    The following premiums are specified for the purposes
of Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions:
Time of Prepayment                      Premium
                                   The interest rate (ex-
                                   pressed as a percentage
                                   per annum) applicable to
                                   the balance outstanding
                                   on the Loan on the day of
                                   prepayment multiplied
                                   by:
Not more than three years                0.15
    before maturity
More than three years but                0.30
    not more than six years
    before maturity
More than six years but                  0.55
    not more than 11 years
    before maturity
More than 11 years but not               0.80
    more than 10 years
    before maturity
More than 16 years but not               0.90
    more than 18 years
    before maturity
More than 18 years before                1.00
    maturity
                      SCHEDULE 3
        Modifications of the General Conditions
    For the purposes of this Agreement,  the provisions
of the General Conditions are modified as follows:
    (1)  The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
    (2)  The words "the Bank may, by notice to the
Borrower and the Guarantor, terminate the right of the
Borrower to make withdrawals with respect to such amount.
Upon the giving of such notice, such amount of the Loan
shall be cancelled" set forth at the end of Section 6.03
are deleted and the following is substituted therefor:
        "or  (f)  by  the  date  specified  in sub-para-
    graph 3 (c) of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement,
    the Bank shall, in respect of any portion of the
    Loan; (i) have received no applications or requests
    under subparagraphs (a) or (b) of said paragraph; or
    (ii) have denied any such applications or requests,
    the Bank may, by notice to the Borrower and the
    Guarantor, terminate the right of the Borrower to
    submit such applications or requests or to make
    withdrawals from the Loan Account, as the case may
    be,  with respect to such amount or portion of the
    Loan. Upon the giving of such notice, such amount or
    portion of the Loan shall be cancelled."
Page  13
                      SCHEDULE 4
             Procedures for, and Terms and
                Conditions of Sub-loans
1.  Terms and conditions of Sub-loans
    (a)  Amount. Each Sub-loan shall:  (i) include the
amount of the corresponding FIDE Loan plus the amount
provided by the Financial Intermediary; and (ii) specify
the amount to be financed by the Investment Enterprise
from its own resources.
    (b)  Currency.  Sub-loans shall be disbursed and
repaid in pesos and shall be adjusted following
procedures, satisfactory to the Bank, that shall include
inter alia:
        (i) the principal amount of the Sub-loan shall
            be an amount equivalent to the amount of the
            Sub-loan converted to dollars at the
            official exchange rate prevailing at the
            time the Sub-loan is approved by FIDE, as
            published by the Borrower.
        (ii)    each disbursement under a Sub-loan
                shall be calculated in dollars and
                disbursed in pesos at the official
                exchange rate as published by the
                Borrower prevailing at the time each
                disbursement is made.
      (iii)
      the amortization schedule of the Sub-loan shall be
      calculated in dollars and repayments shall be made
      in pesos at the official exchange rate prevailing
      at the time each repayment is made.
    (c) Repayment Period. The repayment period will not
exceed:
(a) fifteen years,  including a grace period not to
exceed five years, for the financing of land
infrastructure development; and
(b) ten years, including a grace period not to exceed
four years, for the financing of building construction.
    (d)  Interest Rate.  The  Investment Enterprise
shall pay interest on the principal amount of the
Sub-loan withdrawn and outstanding at a rate per annum
equal to 1.05 times the rate stipulated in Section 2.05
of the Loan Agreement applicable at the time the Sub-loan
is made plus a maximum of 4.75 percentage points.
2.  No expenditures for goods or services required for
an Investment Project shall be eligible for financing out
of the proceeds of the Loan unless;
    (a)  the Sub-loan for such Investment Project shall
have been approved by the Bank and such expenditures
shall have been made not earlier than one hundred and
eighty days prior to the date on which the Bank shall
have received the application and information required
under paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule in respect of such
Sub-loan; or
    (b)  the Sub-loan for such Investment Project shall
have been a free-limit Sub-loan for which the Bank has
authorized withdrawals from the Loan Account and such
expenditures shall have been made not earlier than one
hundred and eighty days prior to the date on which the
Page  14
Bank shall have received the request and information
required under paragraph 3  (b) of this Schedule in
respect of such free-limit Sub-loan.  For the purposes of
this Agreement,  a free-limit Sub-loan shall be any
Sub-loan for an Investment Project, which is received by
the Bank after three other Sub-loans have been approved
by the Bank, in an amount to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan which shall not exceed the sum of
$700,000 equivalent when added to any other outstanding
amounts financed or proposed to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan of this Agreement, the proceeds of
which have been or are being used for financing goods and
services directly and materially related to such
Investment Project.
3.  (a)  When presenting a Sub-loan (other than a
free-limit Sub loan) to the Bank for approval, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Bank an application,  in
form satisfactory to the Bank, together with:  (i)  a
description of the Investment Enterprise and an appraisal
of the Investment Project, including a description of the
expenditures proposed to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Loan and (A)  the estimated financial and economic
rate of return of each Investment Project in excess of
$500,000 equivalent and (B) the estimated financial rate
of return of each Investment Project of $500,000 or less
equivalent;  (ii) the proposed terms and conditions  of
the  Sub-loan,  including the  schedule of amortization
of the Sub-loan; and (iii) such other information as the
Bank shall reasonably request.
    (b)  Each request by the Borrower for authorization
to make withdrawals from the Loan Account in respect of
a free-limit Sub loan shall contain:  (i) a summary
description of the Investment Enterprise and the
Investment Project, including a description of the
expenditures proposed to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Loan;  and (ii)  the terms and conditions of the
Sub-loan, including the schedule of amortization there
for.
    (c)  Applications and requests made pursuant to the
provisions of sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of this
paragraph shall be presented to the Bank on or before
June 30, 1993.
4.  Sub-loans shall be made on terms whereby the
Borrower through the Financial Intermediaries shall
obtain,  by written contract with the Investment
Enterprise or by other appropriate legal means, rights
adequate to protect the interests of the Bank and the
Borrower, including, in the case of any Sub-loan, the
right to:
    (a)  require the Investment Enterprise to carry out
and operate the Investment Project with due diligence and
efficiency and in accordance with sound technical,
financial and managerial standards and to maintain
adequate records;
    (b)  require that: (i) the goods and services to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be
procured in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 5
to this Agreement; and (ii) such goods and services shall
be used exclusively in the carrying out of the Investment
Project;
    (c)  inspect, by itself or jointly with
representatives of the Bank if the Bank shall so request,
such goods and the sites, works, plants and construction
included in the Investment Project, the operation
thereof, and any relevant records and documents;
Page  15
    (d)  require that:  (i) the Investment Enterprise
shall take out and maintain with responsible insurers
such insurance, against such risks and in such amounts,
as shall be consistent with sound business practice; and
(ii) without any limitation upon the foregoing,  such
insurance shall cover hazards  incident to the
acquisition, transportation and delivery of goods
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan to the place of
use or installation, any indemnity thereunder to be made
payable in a currency freely usable by the Investment
Enterprise to replace or repair such goods;
    (e) obtain all such information as the Bank or the
Borrower shall reasonably request relating to the
foregoing and to the administration,  operations  and
financial  condition of the Investment Enterprise and to
the benefits to be derived from the Investment Project;
    (f)  suspend or terminate the right of the
Investment Enterprise to the use of the proceeds of the
Loan upon failure by such Investment Enterprise to
perform its obligations under its contract with to
Financial Intermediary; and
    (g) require that:
        (i)
        the Investment Enterprise shall maintain records
        and accounts to reflect, in accordance with
        consistently  maintained sound accounting
        practices, its operations  and financial
        condition, including separate records and
        accounts for the Investment Project:
      (ii) the Investment Enterprise shall retain
           records evidencing all expenditures with
           respect to which withdrawals from the Loan
           Account were made on the basis of statements
           of expenditure; and
      (iii)
      the Investment Enterprise shall:  (A) have its
      records, accounts and financial statements
      (balance sheets,  statements of income and
      expenses and related statements) for each fiscal
      year audited in accordance with appropriate
      auditing principles consistently applied,  by
      independent auditors acceptable to the Bank;  and
      (B)  furnish to the respective Financial
      Intermediaries not later than six months after the
      end of each fiscal year, certified copies of their
      financial statements for such year as so audited
      and the report of such audit by said auditors,
      including separate opinions as to whether the
      statements of expenditure submitted during such
      fiscal year,  together with the procedures and
      internal controls involved in their preparation,
      can be relied upon to support the related
      withdrawals
                      SCHEDULE 5
Section I. Procurement of Goods and Works under Part A
of the     Project Sub-loans
      Contracts for goods and works to be financed out
of the proceeds  of Sub-loans  shall be procured at a
reasonable price account being taken also of other
relevant factors such as time of delivery and efficiency
Page  16
and reliability of the goods and availability of
maintenance facilities and spare parts therefor and in
the case of works,  of their quality and the competence
of the parties rendering them.
Section II.Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist the Borrower and the Guarantor
in  carrying out Parts B,  C and D of the Project,
respectively,  the Borrower and the Guarantor, shall
employ consultants whose qualifications, experience,
terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory
to the Bank.
2.   The Borrower shall, not later than March 30, 1990,
employ the consultant or consultants required for
purposes of Part B of the Project.
