Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3389 ES
            (Power Sector Technical Assistance Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
          COMISION EJECUTIVA HIDROELECTRICA DEL RIO LEMPA
                     Dated September 11, 1991
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3389 ES
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated September 11, 1991, between INTERNATIONAL
BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and COMISION
EJECUTIVA HIDROELECTRICA DEL RIO LEMPA (hereinafter CEL).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Republic of El Salvador (the Borrower) and the Bank, the
Bank has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to eleven million dollars
($11,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that CEL agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and CEL, a portion of the proceeds of the loan
provided for under the Loan Agreement will be made available to CEL
on the terms and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan
Agreement; and
      WHEREAS CEL, in consideration of the Bank's entering into the
Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the Preamble to this
Agreement and the General Conditions (as so defined) have the
respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. CEL declares its commitment to the objectives of
the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, and,
to this end, shall carry out Parts B, C (ii) and D.2 of the Project
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering and public utility practices,
and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for the
Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and consultants' services required for the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.03. CEL shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land acquisi-
tion, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement and Parts B,
C (ii) and D.2 of the Project.
      Section 2.04. CEL shall duly perform all its obligations under
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, CEL shall not take or concur in any action which would have
the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) CEL shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to progress of the Project,
the performance of its obligations under this Agreement and under
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters relating to the
purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   CEL shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of the
Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Loan, or the per-
formance by CEL of its obligations under this Agreement and under
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.06. (a) Not later than June 30, 1992, CEL shall
prepare and furnish to the Bank a plan, satisfactory to the Bank,
for the financial rehabilitation of CEL; such plan to include, inter
alia, tariff increases, clearance of arrears, measures for effi-
ciency improvement and interim performance targets.
      (b)   CEL shall carry out the plan referred to in (a) above in
a manner and under a timetable satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 2.07. CEL shall: (a) prepare and submit to the Bank a
program, satisfactory to the Bank, for the execution of the training
activities under Part D.2, such program to include, inter alia, the
staff selected to benefit from the training activities.
      (b)   Carry out Part D.2 of the Project in accordance with the
program referred to in (a) above.
Page  3
      Section 2.08. (a) CEL shall: (i) carry out all studies
included in Part B of the Project under terms of reference
satisfactory to the Bank which shall include specific programs or
plans of action to meet the objectives of the Project; (ii) promptly
after the completion of each such study, furnish to the Bank a copy
of its findings and recommendations, including such programs or
plans of action; (iii) afford the Bank a reasonable opportunity to
comment on such findings, recommendations and programs or plans of
action; and (iv) where appropriate, and taking into account the
Bank's comments thereon, prepare programs or plans of action to
carry out the recommendations of such studies.
      (b)   CEL undertakes to carry out such programs, and plans of
action in a manner, and under a timetable, satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 2.09. Without limitation or restriction to Section
2.05 of this Agreement, CEL undertakes to: (a) participate in the
annual exchange of views referred to in Section 3.05 of the Loan
Agreement; and (b) not later than 15 days prior to each of such
exchange of views, furnish to the Bank for its review and comment a
report on the progress achieved by CEL in the carrying out of the
parts of the Project under CEL's implementation.
      Section 2.10. CEL shall not later than December 31, 1993,
prepare and furnish to the Bank a plan, satisfactory to the Bank,
for the expansion of its power sector; such plan to be based, inter
alia, on least cost criteria, that adequately take into account
environmental costs, and the recommendations and results of each of
the studies under Part B of the Project.
                            ARTICLE III
                 Management and Operations of CEL
      Section 3.01. CEL shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial,
engineering and public utility practices under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. CEL shall at all times operate and maintain its
plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
public utility practices.
      Section 3.03. CEL shall take out and maintain with responsible
insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the Bank for,
insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be
consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) CEL shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices,
its operations and financial condition, including records and
separate accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices the operations, resources and expenditures in
respect of Parts B, C (ii) and D.2 of the Project.
      (b)   CEL shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) and its records, accounts and
                  financial statements (balance sheets, statements
                  of income and expenses and related statements)
                  for each fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Bank;
Page  4
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than four months after the end
                  of each such year: (A) certified copies of its
                  financial statements for such year as so audited;
                  and (B) the report of such audit by said auditors
                  of such scope and in such detail as the Bank
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of CEL thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the Loan
Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the Bank
shall promptly notify CEL thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
           Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                  197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      For CEL:
            Comision Ejecutiva Hidroeletrica del
              Rio Lempa (CEL):
            9a. Calle Poniente No. 950
            Centro de Gobierno
            San Salvador
            El Salvador, Centro America
                                          Telex:
Page  5
                                            20306 CEL SAL
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of CEL may be taken or executed by the President
of CEL or such other person or persons as the President of CEL shall
designate in writing, and CEL shall furnish to the Bank sufficient
evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen signature
of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ Rainer B. Steckhan
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                  COMISION EJECUTIVA HIDROELECTRICA DEL
                    RIO LEMPA
                  By /s/ Mirna Lievano de Marques
                                         Authorized Representative
