Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2374 MOZ
               (Roads and Coastal Shipping Project)
                              between
                      REPUBLIC OF MOZAMBIQUE
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        Dated June 19, 1992
                                           CREDIT NUMBER 2374 MOZ
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 19, 1992, between REPUBLIC OF MOZAMBIQUE
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Borrower intends to contract from the Swedish
International Development Agency (SIDA) a grant (the SIDA Grant) to
assist in financing Parts A.1 (b); A.3; A.5; A.2 (a) (ii) (B); B.1
(c) (iv); and B.3 (b) of the Project on the terms and conditions set
forth in an agreement (the SIDA Grant Agreement) to be entered into
between the Borrower and SIDA;
      (C)   the Borrower intends to contract from the Norwegian
Agency for Development (NORAD) a grant (the NORAD Grant) to assist
in financing Parts B.1 (a) (iv); B.1 (b); B.1 (c) (iv); and B.2 of
Page  2
the Project on the terms and conditions set forth in an agreement
(the NORAD Grant Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower
and NORAD;
      (D)   the Borrower intends to contract from the African
Development Bank (AfDB) a grant (the AfDB Grant) to assist in
financing Part A.3 of the Project on the terms and conditions set
forth in an agreement (the AfDB Grant Agreement) to be entered into
between the Borrower and AfDB;
      (E)   the Borrower intends to contract from Ministry of
Cooperation for Development of France (France) a grant (the French
Grant) to assist in financing Parts B.1 (a) (iii); B.1 (a) (v); B.1
(b); and B.3 (d) of the Project on the terms and conditions set
forth in an agreement (the French Grant Agreement) to be entered
into between the Borrower and France;
      (F)   the Borrower intends to contract from the United States
Agency for International Development (USAID) a grant (the USAID
Grant) to assist in financing Part A.6 of the Project on the terms
and conditions set forth in an agreement (the USAID Grant Agreement)
to be entered into between the Borrower and USAID;
      (G)   the Borrower intends to contract from the United Nations
Development Programme (UNDP) a grant (the UNDP Grant) to assist in
financing Parts A.5 and D (a) of the Project on the terms and
conditions set forth in an agreement (the UNDP Grant Agreement) to
be entered into between the Borrower and UNDP;
      (H)   the Borrower intends to contract from the Gesellschaft
fcr Technische Zusammenarbeit/the Kreditanstalt fcr Wiederaufbau
(GTZ/KFW) a grant (the GTZ/KFW Grant) to assist in financing Part
A.5 of the Project on the terms and conditions set forth in an
agreement (the GTZ/KFW Grant Agreement) to be entered into between
the Borrower and GTZ/KFW;
      (I)   the Borrower intends to contract from United Nations
Capital Development Fund (UNCDF) a grant (the UNCDF Grant) to assist
in financing Part A.5 of the Project on the terms and conditions set
forth in an agreement (the UNCDF Grant Agreement) to be entered into
between the Borrower and UNCDF;
      (J)   the Borrower intends to contract from the Arab Bank for
Economic Development in Africa (BADEA) a grant and a loan (the BADEA
Grant and Loan) to assist in financing Parts A.2 (a), (b), (d), A.3
and B.3 (c) respectively of the Project on the terms and conditions
set forth in agreements (the BADEA Grant and Loan Agreements) to be
entered into between the Borrower and BADEA;
      (K)   the Borrower intends to contract from Danish
International Development Agency (DANIDA) a grant (the DANIDA Grant)
to assist in financing Parts A.5 and B.1 (c) (iv) of the Project on
the terms and conditions set forth in an agreement (the DANIDA Grant
Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower and DANIDA;
      (L)   the Borrower intends to contract from the European
Community (EC) a grant (the EC Grant) to assist in financing Parts
A.3 and A.5 of the Project on the terms and conditions set forth in
an agreement (the EC Grant Agreement) to be entered into between the
Borrower and EC; and
      (M)   the Borrower intends to contract from Switzerland a
grant (the Swiss Grant) to assist in financing Part A.5 of the
Project on the terms and conditions set forth in an agreement (the
Swiss Grant Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower and
Switzerland;
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  3
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the
General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "BM" means Banco de Mocambique, the Bank of Mozambique,
the Central Bank of the Borrower established pursuant to its
Statutes as amended by Law No. 1/92, dated January 3, 1992 (Lei
Organica) (BM);
      (b)   "BCM" means Banco Comercial de Mocambique, the new
commercial institution of the Borrower established pursuant to its
Statutes approved by Decree No. 3/92 dated February 25, 1992;
      (c)   "BPD" means Banco Popular de Desenvolvimento, the
People's Development Bank of the Borrower;
      (d)   "CFM" means Empresa Nacional de Portos e Caminhos de
Ferro de Mocambique, E.E., the state enterprise of the Borrower
responsible for ports and railways, established and operating
pursuant to its Statutes approved by Decree No. 6/89 dated May 11,
1989, issued by the Council of Ministers of the Borrower;
      (e)   "CNA" means Comissao Nacional do Ambiente, the
Environmental Agency of the Borrower;
      (f)   "D.N. Alfcndegas" means Direccao Nacional das
Alfcndegas, the National Directorate of Customs of the Borrower
under the tutela of the Ministry of Finance;
      (g)   "DNEP" means Direccao Nacional de Estradas e Pontes, the
National Directorate of Roads and Bridges of the Ministry of
Construction and Water of the Borrower;
      (h)   "DNM" means Direccao Nacional da Marinha, the National
Directorate of Maritime Affairs of the Ministry of Transport and
Communications of the Borrower;
      (i)   "DNTR" means Direccao Nacional de Transportes
Rodoviarios, the National Directorate of Road Transport of the
Ministry of Transport and Communications of the Borrower;
      (j)   "ECMEP" means Empresa de Construcao e Manutencao de
Estradas e Pontes, any of the state enterprises for construction and
maintenance of roads and bridges operating at the provincial level;
      (k)   "GAPROMAR" means Gabinete de Coordenacao de Projectos da
Marinha, the Bureau of Coordination of Maritime Projects established
within the Ministry of Transport and Communications of the Borrower
pursuant to Despacho s/n dated March 18, 1992, issued by the
Minister of Transport and Communications;
      (l)   "INAHINA" means Instituto Nacional de Hidrografia e
Navegacao, the Borrower's National Institute of Hydrography and
Navigation established and operating pursuant to its Statutes
approved by Decree No. 40/89 dated December 5, 1989, issued by its
Council of Ministers of the Borrower;
      (m)   "MCA" means Ministerio da Construcao e Aguas, Ministry
of Construction and Water of the Borrower;
      (n)   "MTC" means Ministerio de Transportes e Comunicacoes,
Page  4
the Ministry of Transport and Communications of the Borrower;
      (o)   "NAVIQUE" means Empresa Mocambicana de Navegacao, E.E,
the state enterprise responsible for navigation and shipping of the
Borrower established and operating pursuant to Decree No.3/84 dated
May 18, 1984 of the Council of Ministers of the Borrower;
      (p)   "PFI" and "Participating Financial Institution" mean
each commercial bank, development bank, or credit institution
acceptable to the Association to which BM, under an agreement (a
"Participating Agreement") with such bank or institution, has lent
proceeds of the Credit for relending to final beneficiaries for
Subprojects;
      (q)   "FB" or "Final Beneficiary" means an operator of a small
port or provider of feeder transport services to and from a port;
legally established and operating in the territory of the Borrower
under a license issued by the Ministry of Transport and Com-
munications, which meets the criteria set forth in paragraph 1 of
Part B of Schedule 8 to this Agreement, and to or for which a PFI
has been made or proposed to make a Subloan for a Subproject, as
hereinafter defined;
      (r)   "Subloan" means a loan or credit made or proposed to be
made out by a PFI to a Final Beneficiary for a Subproject, as
hereinafter defined, out of the equivalent of the proceeds of the
Credit made available to BM under the Subsidiary Administration
Agreement, as hereinafter defined;
      (s)   "free-limit Subloan" means a Subloan, as so defined,
which qualifies as a free-limit Subloan pursuant to the provisions
of paragraph 4 (b) of Part A of Schedule 8 to this Agreement;
      (t)   "Subsidiary Administration Agreement" means the
agreement entered into between the Borrower and BM pursuant to
Section 3.01 (c) of this Agreement, as the same may be amended from
time to time, and such terms include all schedules to the Subsidiary
Administration Agreement;
      (u)   "Subproject" means: (i) a new specific development
project; and (ii) expansion of an existing project, to be carried
out by a Final Beneficiary utilizing the proceeds of a Subloan;
      (v)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advances granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to exchanges of letters dated June 12, 1990 and June 20,
1991; and July 29, 1991 and August 8, 1991, between the Borrower and
the Association;
      (w)   "fiscal year" or "FY" means the Borrower's fiscal year
which runs from January 1 to December 31; and
      (x)   "Special Account" means any of the accounts referred to
in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to fifty-four million one hundred thousand Special
Drawing Rights SDR 54,100,000.
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit.
Page  5
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars three special deposit accounts in a
commercial bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association, including appropriate protection against set-off,
seizure or attachment: (i) Special Account A shall be opened for the
purposes of Parts A and D (c) of the Project (MCA Account); (ii)
Special Account B shall be opened for the purposes of Part B of the
Project (MTC Account); and (iii) Special Account C shall be opened
for the purposes of Part C of the Project (BM Account). Deposits
into, and payments out of, the Special Accounts shall be made in
accordance with the provisions of Schedules 5, 6 and 7 to this
Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance
shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1998 or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on April 1 and October 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each April 1 and October 1 commencing
October 1, 2002 and ending April 1, 2032. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on April 1, 2012 shall be one
percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each installment
thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due con-
sideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
Page  6
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end:
            (i)   shall carry out Parts A, B and D of the Project
                  with due diligence and efficiency and in
                  conformity with appropriate administrative,
                  engineering and transportation practices, and
                  shall provide, promptly as needed, the funds,
                  facilities, services and other resources required
                  for such Parts of the Project; and
            (ii)  shall cause BM to carry out Part C of the Project
                  with due diligence and efficiency and in
                  conformity with appropriate banking and financial
                  practices; shall take or cause to be taken all
                  action, including the provision of funds,
                  facilities, services and other resources,
                  necessary or appropriate to enable BM to carry
                  out Part C of the Project, and shall not take or
                  permit to be taken any action which would prevent
                  or interfere with the carrying out of Part C of
                  the Project by BM.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and, except as the Borrower and the Association
shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall: (i) carry out Parts A, B
and D of the Project in accordance with the Implementation Program
set forth in Schedule 4 to this Agreement; and (ii) shall cause BM
to carry out Part C of the Project in accordance with the provisions
of Schedule 8 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The Borrower shall, out of the proceeds of the Credit,
transfer to BM an amount equivalent to four million two hundred
thousand and twenty-five Special Drawing Rights (SDR 4,225,000)
under a Subsidiary Administration Agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and BM on terms and conditions which shall have
been approved by the Association and which shall include, inter
alia, the following provisions: (i) definition of the functions and
responsibilities of BM and the PFIs regarding Part C of the Project;
(ii) the criteria PFIs will have to meet and continue to meet in
order to be eligible to participate in the implementation of Part C
of the Project. These criteria concern, inter alia, lending
capability, overall financial and portfolio performance and an audit
carried out by an independent external auditor acceptable to the
Page  7
Association. Alternatively, for PFIs that do not meet all of these
criteria, an institutional development plan, acceptable to the
Association and to be implemented by the PFI in order to meet all
the eligibility criteria may be included. However, aforementioned
audit requirement will have to be met in all cases; (iii) the
obligation of BM to enter into a Participation Agreement with each
PFI under which such amounts will be lent to each PFI as required to
refinance the Subloans made to Final Beneficiaries for eligible
Subprojects, such Participation Agreement to be satisfactory to the
Association and in accordance with the provisions of Part A of
Schedule 8 to this Agreement; and (iv) the Borrower, through its
Ministry of Finance, shall bear the foreign exchange risk.
      (d)   The Borrower shall exercise its respective rights under
the Subsidiary Administration Agreement, in such manner as to
protect the interests of the Borrower and the Association and to
accomplish the purposes of the Credit, and except as the Association
shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not take or concur in any
action which should have the effect of assigning, amending,
abrogating or waiving the said Agreement or any provisions thereof.
      (e)   The Borrower shall conduct, jointly with the
Association, annual reviews of the terms, conditions, applicable
interest rates and margins set forth in Schedule 8 to this
Agreement.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of: (a) Schedule 3 to this
Agreement for Parts A, B and D of the Project; and (b) Part A.3 of
Schedule 8 to this Agreement, for Part C of the Project.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower shall not undertake any proposed
investment in the road sector, estimated to cost more than
$4,000,000 (four million dollars) equivalent, and in the domestic
shipping port sector, estimated to cost more than $2,000,000 (two
million dollars) equivalent, unless:
      (a)   the Borrower has submitted the proposed investment to
the Association for its review and comments; and
      (b)   the investment has an estimated economic rate of return
of at least 12% (twelve percent), taking into account socio-economic
criteria acceptable to the Association.
      In addition, the Borrower shall not undertake any proposed
investment in aforementioned sectors estimated to cost more than
$1,000,000 (one million dollars) equivalent, unless it has carried
out an environmental assessment and applied design standards and
construction methods aimed at minimizing possible adverse environ-
mental impact, in accordance with environmental guidelines
satisfactory to the Association.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall:
      (a)   not later than October 31, of each year until the
completion of the Project, conduct with the Association Project
implementation reviews, including a mid-term review by not later
than October 31, 1995, to:
            (i)   monitor progress achieved in the implementation,
                  inter alia, of the following:
                  (A)   improvements in the policy, legal and
                        regulatory framework;
                  (B)   the training programs referred to under
                        Parts A.2 and B.2 of the Project, including
                        the number and level of staff receiving
                        training each year under the Project;
Page  8
                  (C)   the Line of Credit referred to under Part C
                        and Schedule 8 to this Agreement;
                  (D)   the recommendations of the studies carried
                        out by DNEP, under Part A.1 (b) of the
                        Project; by DNTR, under Part A.6 of the
                        Project; and by D.N. Alfcndegas under Part
                        B.4 of the Project;
                  (E)   measures designed to ensure appropriate
                        transfer of technology to local
                        counterparts and the most efficient
                        utilization of technical assistance
                        financed under the Project;
            (ii)  discuss and agree with the Association on the
                  proposed budgetary allocations of the MTC and MCA
                  to be implemented during the upcoming fiscal year
                  to:
                  (A)   finance Project recurrent expenditures;
                  (B)   ensure the timely provision of local
                        counterpart funds to the Project; and
                  (C)   bear the cost of the Borrower's income tax
                        applicable to foreign consultants employed
                        under the Project;
          (iii)   exchange information among staff responsible for
                  Project implementation;
           (iv)   identify implementation issues and propose
                  appropriate solutions;
            (v)   discuss and coordinate all other related
                  technical assistance financed by other donors
                  agencies and cofinanciers;
            (vi)  update Project timetables and approve the action
                  program for the upcoming year;
      (b)   not later than four weeks prior to such annual reviews,
furnish to the Association for its review and comments a report in
such detail as the Association shall reasonably request, including:
            (i)   an evaluation of progress achieved in Project
                  implementation pursuant to the terms of this
                  Agreement; and
           (ii)   a draft action program to be carried out during
                  the upcoming year; and
      (c)   promptly after completing such annual and mid-term
reviews, carry out those recommendations arising out of said
reviews, as agreed between the Borrower and the Association.
      Section 3.05. The Borrower shall, during the execution of the
Project, maintain the key staff responsible for Project imple-
mentation, and their respective counterparts, with such responsi-
bilities, powers and personnel in adequate numbers and with
qualifications and experience satisfactory to the Association, as
are specified in Part A.2 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices the operations, resources and expenditures in respect of
the Project of: (i) the departments or agencies of the Borrower
Page  9
responsible for carrying out Parts A, B and D; and (ii) BM for
carrying out Part C of the Project.
      (b)   The Borrower shall and shall cause BM to:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those for
                  the Special Accounts for each fiscal year
                  audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                  principles consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those for
                  the Special Accounts for each fiscal year
                  audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                  principles consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
          (iii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than nine months after
                  the end of each such year, a certified copy of
                  the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
           (iv)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and the audit
                  thereof as the Association shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall and shall cause BM to:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the
                  Association has received the audit report for the
                  fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from the
                  Credit Account or payment out of the Special
                  Account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   The Borrower and BM shall have failed to perform any of
their respective obligations under the Subsidiary Administration
Agreement;
      (b)   as a result of events which have occurred after the date
Page  10
of this Agreement, an extraordinary situation shall have arisen
which shall make it improbable that BM will be able to perform its
obligations under the Subsidiary Administration Agreement;
      (c)   the Borrower or any authority having jurisdiction shall
have taken any action:
            (i)   concerning the Borrower's roads, coastal
                  shipping, transport or banking sectors that would
                  materially affect the ability of the Borrower or
                  BM to perform any of their respective obligations
                  under this Agreement; or
           (ii)   for the respective dissolution or disesablish-
                  ment of BCM or BPD or any other PFI, or for the
                  suspension of their respective operations;
      (d)   The following shall have been amended, suspended,
abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially and
adversely the ability of the Borrower to perform any of its
obligations under this Agreement;
            (i)   Despacho s/n dated March 18, 1992 of the Ministry
                  of Transport and Communications of the Borrower
                  establishing GAPROMAR;
           (ii)   Despacho s/n dated February 9, 1992 of the
                  Ministry of Construction and Water of the
                  Borrower delegating full authority to the
                  National Director of DNEP;
          (iii)   Despacho s/n dated March 18, 1992 of the Ministry
                  of Transport and Communications of the Borrower
                  delegating full authority to the Director of
                  GAPROMAR;
           (iv)   the legal instrument of the Borrower transferring
                  the administration of small ports from CFM to DNM
                  to be issued in accordance with Schedule 4 Part B
                  under (a) (i);
            (v)   the respective Statutes of BCM, BPD, or any other
                  PFI having entered into a Participation Agreement
                  with BM;
      (e)   (i)   Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph:
                  (A)   the right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                        proceeds of any loan or grant made to the
                        Borrower under the respective loan or grant
                        agreements, for the financing of the
                        Project shall have been suspended,
                        cancelled or terminated in whole or in
                        part, pursuant to the terms thereof; or
                  (B)   any such loan shall have become due and
                        payable prior to the agreed maturity
                        thereof.
           (ii)   Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not
                  apply if the Borrower establishes to the
                  satisfaction of the Association that:
                  (A)   such suspension, cancellation, termination
                        or prematuring is not caused by the failure
                        of the Borrower to perform any of its
                        obligations under such agreements; and
                  (B)   adequate funds for the Project are
                        available to the Borrower from other
                        sources on terms and conditions consistent
                        with the obligations of the Borrower under
Page  11
                        this Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any event specified in paragraphs (a), (b) or (c) of
Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a
period of 30 (thirty) days after notice thereof shall have been
given by the Association to the Borrower; and
      (b)   any event specified in paragraph (d) of Section 5.01 of
this Agreement shall occur; and
      (c)   the event specified in paragraph (e) (i) (B) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur with respect to any grant or loan
made to the Borrower for the financing of the Project unless the
requirements set forth in Section 5.01 (e) (ii) of this Agreement
are satisfied in respect thereof.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following event is specified as an addi-
tional condition to the effectiveness of the Development Credit
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General
Conditions, namely, that the Borrower has contracted the General
Consultant to DNEP referred to under Part A.1 (c) of the Project,
with qualifications and experience, and in accordance with terms of
reference set forth under Part A.2 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement
and in accordance with contractual terms satisfactory to the
Association.
      Section 6.02. The following is specified as additional matter,
within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General Conditions,
to be included in the opinion or opinions to be furnished to the
Association, namely, that this Agreement has been duly ratified by
the Borrower's Council of Ministers and is legally binding upon the
Borrower in accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date one hundred twenty (120) days after the
date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of
Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Governor of Banco de Mocambique of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Banco de Mocambique
            Departamento de Relacoes Internacionais
            Avenida 25 de Setembro 1695
            P.O. Box 423
            Maputo, Mozambique
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  MOBANCO                   6355/7 BMMO
                  Maputo
                                          Facsimile:
                                            29178
Page  12
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  REPUBLIC OF MOZAMBIQUE
                  By /s/ Hipolito Zozimo Patricio
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                            Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1)  Goods and Services
     under Part A of the
     Project:
     (a) Consultants'         26,210,000        100%
         services
     (b) Training              2,260,000        100% of foreign
                                                expenditures and
                                                60% of local
                                                expenditures
     (c) Civil works           2,910,000        90%
         under Parts A.1,
         A.2, A.3 and A.4
         of the Project
(2)  Goods and services
     under Parts B.1,
     B.2 and B.3 of the
Page  13
     Project:
     (a) Consultants'          4,370,000        100%
         services
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
     (b) Training                440,000        100% of foreign
                                                expenditures and
                                                60% of local
                                                expenditures
     (c) Equipment,              220,000        100%
         vehicles and
         spare parts
     (d) Civil works           1,090,000        90%
         under Part B.3
         (a) of the Project
(3)  Goods and Services
     under Part B.4 of the
     Project:
     (a) Consultants'            510,000        100%
         services
     (b) Equipment and           150,000        100%
         spare parts
(4)  Goods and Services        4,220,000        90%
     under the Line of
     Credit
(5)  Consultants'              1,170,000        100%
     services under
     Part D of the
     Project and audits
                           Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(6)  Refunding of              1,090,000        Amount due
     Project Preparation                        pursuant to
     Advance                                    Section 2.02 (c)
                                                of this Agreement
(7)  Unallocated               9,460,000
                              __________
         TOTAL                54,100,000
                              ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods and services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower;
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods and services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower;
      (c)   the term "training" means foreign or local fellowships,
conferences, courses, study tours and other training-related
activities undertaken as part of the training programs financed
Page  14
under the Project; and
      (d)   the term "civil works" means the cost of rehabilitating
existing structures, construction of new buildings, or importation
of prefabricated units.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement, except that withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not
exceeding the equivalent of SDR 365,000 may be made in respect of
Category 1 (a) on account of payments made for expenditures before
that date but after April 1, 1992.
      (b)   Categories 1 (c) and 2 (d), unless the Association has
received evidence, satisfactory to it, certifying the Borrower's
legal ownership of land where civil works financed under the Credit
will be carried out under the Project;
      (c)   Categories 2 and 4 unless (i) the Association has
received within 12 months from the Effective Date memoranda of
understanding satisfatory to the Association entered into between
the Borrower and France, and the Borrower and NORAD, specifying
their respective areas of intervention under the French Grant
Agreement and the NORAD Grant Agreement, to assist the Borrower in
carrying out Part B of the Project; and (ii) the Borrower has
selected regulatory and supervision consultants' services to assist
in carrying out Part B.1 (a) of the Project, in accordance with the
provisions of Section II of Schedule 3 to this Agreement;
      (d)   Category (4) unless:
            (i)   the Association has received evidence,
                  satisfactory to it, that the Subsidiary
                  Administration Agreement:
                  (A)   has been executed on behalf of the Borrower
                        and BM on terms satisfactory to the
                        Association and in accordance with the
                        provisions of Section 3.01 (b) of this
                        Agreement;
                  (B)   has been duly authorized and is legally
                        binding upon the Borrower and the BM, and a
                        legal opinion to that effect has been
                        issued by the Borrower's Procurador Geral
                        da Republica; and
                  (C)   the Borrower has furnished to the
                        Association evidence satisfactory to it
                        confirming the approval of a policy
                        committing the Borrower to award long-term
                        renewable contracts for the management of
                        small ports in accordance with terms
                        satisfactory to the Association; and
          (ii)   in respect of the PFIs unless:
                  (A)   BM has entered into Participation
                        Agreements with at least two PFIs on terms
                        and conditions agreed with the Association,
                        and in accordance with the provisions of
                        Section 3.01 (c) and Part A of Schedule 8
                        to this Agreement; and
                  (B)   the Association has been furnished for its
                        approval with the Model Subloan Agreement
                        to be entered into between each PFI and the
                        respective Beneficiary in accordance with
                        the procedures, terms and conditions set
                        forth under Part C of Schedule 8 to this
                        Agreement.
Page  15
                             SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to: (a) build the
institutional capacity necessary for effective planning and
monitoring of the roads and coastal shipping transport subsectors;
(b) improve the efficiency of the Borrower's transport services,
particularly in the roads and coastal shipping transport subsectors.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Improvement of Road Infrastructure and Road Transport
1.    Institutional Support to DNEP.
      (a)   Strengthening of the planning and supervisory
capabilities of DNEP and its provincial departments of roads and
bridges (DEPs).
      (b)   Carrying out policy, regulatory, institutional, planning
and operational studies.
      (c)   Provision of General Consultant (GC) services to: (i)
coordinate consultants' services employed under this Part of the
Project; (ii) assist the Borrower in planning future roads programs
and organizational responsibilities; and (iii) provide management
and technical support to DNEP and its DEPs.
      (d)   Design and implementation of guidelines aimed at
ensuring appropriate transfer of technology to local counterparts,
as a result of technical assistance financed under the Project.
2.    Manpower development and training program.
      (a)   (i) Design and implementation of an initial five-year
phase of DNEP's long-term manpower development program for the
training, retraining and upgrading of public and private sector road
personnel at all levels; (ii) strengthening of the Industrial
Institutes of: (A) Maputo; and (B) Beira.
      (b)   Design and implementation of DNEP's training policy and
programs including the establishment and operation of: (i) a
Training Division; (ii) a Road Technical Training Center; and (iii)
a Road Training Production Unit; and (iv) a Mechanical Training
Production Unit.
      (c)   Carrying out mid- and end-Project training evaluations,
including the preparation of future phases of DNEP's long-term
manpower development program.
      (d)   Strengthening of the Department of Civil Engineering of
the Eduardo Mondlane University, including the provision of housing
for University Professors.
3.    Planning and Engineering Services.
      (a)   Design and preparation of a trunk road rehabilitation
program.
      (b)   Carrying out: (i) economic and financial feasibility
studies; (ii) preliminary engineering and environmental studies; and
(iii) final design and preparation of tender documents for the
Borrower's road rehabilitation program.
4.    Development of local road contractors (LRC).
      (a)   Carrying out studies to evaluate the feasibility of and
priorities for developing small-to-medium LRCs.
Page  16
      (b)   Strengthening of road rehabilitation and maintenance,
and of the management and operational capabilities of the LRCs,
including the ECMEPs.
5.    Feeder Road Program.
      Carrying out the first phase of the Borrower's feeder road
program, consisting of rehabilitation and maintenance of feeder road
networks in about twenty-two priority districts in support of
agricultural development.
6.   Strengthening of the Trucking Industry.
      Carrying out studies to:
      (a)   develop guidelines to promote private sector
participation in the Borrower's trucking industry and establish
appropriate implementation mechanisms and procedures;
      (b)   identify manpower development training and technical
assistance needs of: (i) the Borrower's road transport regulatory
agencies; and (ii) private sector road transport operators; and
      (c)   assess: (i) the potential for rehabilitation of existing
vehicle fleets; and (ii) mechanical skills at the workshop floor
level and improved spare parts distribution channels.
Part B:     Small Ports and Coastal Shipping
1.    Institutional Support and Policy Reform.
      (a)   Design and implementation of regulatory reforms of the
small ports and coastal shipping industries through:
            (i)   reviewing the existing legal and regulatory
                  procedures and arrangements;
           (ii)   designing and implementing revised legal and
                  regulatory frameworks to facilitate: (A)
                  economically efficient competition; and (B)
                  involvement of private sector operators in the
                  management of small ports;
          (iii)   assisting the Borrower in the planning of, and
                  negotiations for the divestiture of some state-
                  owned enterprises, and the entry of new private
                  sector operators to small ports and coastal
                  shipping through the award of management and or
                  concession contracts;
           (iv)   carrying out studies to: (A) refine DNM's
                  organization; and (B) define GAPROMAR's
                  functional relationship with other MTC agencies
                  and departments involved in small ports and
                  coastal shipping; and
            (v)   advising the Borrower on the overall structure
                  and efficiency of, and planning for, the small
                  ports and coastal shipping subsectors.
      (b)   Strengthening of the planning and management
capabilities of DNM and GAPROMAR, through:
            (i)   supervising implementation of this Part of the
                  Project;
           (ii)   establishing planning, budgeting and financial
                  control systems within DNM and GAPROMAR; and
          (iii)   strengthening DNM and GAPROMAR facilities and
                  working conditions.
Page  17
      (c)   Provision of assistance to:
            (i)   restructure, commercialize and attract private
                  sector investments to all coastal shipping
                  companies owned by the Borrower or by any of its
                  state owned enterprises;
           (ii)   develop and implement a feeder shipping services
                  strategy;
          (iii)   develop a small-ship repair and building
                  strategy; and
           (iv)   review INAHINA's cost recovery strategy for
                  navigational aids.
      (d)   Carrying out engineering and detailed design for:
            (i)   a telecommunications system for coastal shipping;
           (ii)   environmental protection facilities for the ports
                  of Pemba, Nacala and Quelimane; and
          (iii)   civil engineering in the ports of Macuse, Chinde
                  and Mocimboa da Praia.
      (e)   Strengthening of ancillary sectors to:
            (i)   enable small ports and coastal shipping operators
                  to have access to credit from the banking sector;
                  and
           (ii)   enable CNA to protect the coastal environment.
2.    Manpower Development and Training Program.
      Carrying out a training and upgrading program for small port
and coastal shipping personnel at all levels, and selected DNM and
GAPROMAR staff.
3.    Provision of support to port infrastructure investments.
      (a)   Rehabilitation of quay structures in the ports of
Chinde, Macuse and Mocimboa da Praia.
      (b)   Installation of elementary navigational aids for the
ports of: Chinde, Angoche, Pebane, Macuse and Mocimboa da Praia.
      (c)   Installation of oil reception and separation facilities
in the ports of: Quelimane, Pemba, and Nacala.
      (d)   Installation of a telecommunications system.
4.    Transport and trade facilitation program.
      (a)   Strengthening and commercialization of, and attracting
private sector participation in: (i) freight-forwarding; (ii) cargo
handling; (iii) shipping agencies; and (iv) transport inter-
mediaries.
      (b)   Strengthening of customs administration.
      (c)   Establishment of an interministerial transport and trade
facilitation committee.
Part C:     Line of Credit
      Provision of credit to eligible small port operators and
providers of feeder transport services to and from a port.
Part D:     Strengthening of the Borrower's Project Management
Page  18
            Capabilities
      (a)   Provision of Project coordination services to assist in
carrying out overall coordination of Project-related activities
financed by the Credit and by other donors' contributions.
      (b)   Carrying out Project launching and implementation review
workshops and annual donor meetings.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1997.
                            SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
      Except as provided in Part D hereof, works, equipment,
vehicles and non-proprietary spare parts shall be procured under
contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent with
those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in Mozambique may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Preference for Domestic Contractors
      In the procurement of works in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, the Borrower may grant a margin of
preference to domestic contractors in accordance with, and subject
to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraph 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Force Account. Minor rehabilitation works estimated to cost
the equivalent of $20,000 per work or less, up to an aggregate
amount equivalent to $100,000 may be carried out by force account.
2.    Local Competitive Bidding. Civil works estimated to cost the
equivalent of $700,000 or less per contract, up to an aggregate
amount equivalent to $2,900,000, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Association
3.   International or local Shopping. Non-proprietary spare parts
and critical spare parts estimated to cost the equivalent of $50,000
or less per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to
$300,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
comparison of price quotations obtained from at least three
suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Association.
4.    Direct contracting. Equipment and spare parts of a proprietary
nature for existing equipment estimated to cost the equivalent of
$50,000 or less per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent
to $300,000 may be awarded after direct negotiations with suppliers,
in accordance with procedures acceptable to the Association.
Part E:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
Page  19
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for: (i) goods estimated
to cost the equivalent of $100,000 or more; and (ii) training and
civil works estimated to cost the equivalent of $250,000, the
procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be
made out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be modified
to ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract required to
be furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d)
shall be furnished to the Association prior to the making of the
first payment out of the Special Account in respect of such
contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected
in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                             SCHEDULE 4
                      Implementation Program
Part A:     Project Management
1.    Responsibilities of institutions involved in Project
management.
      (a)   DNEP shall be responsible for the implementation of
Parts A.1, A.2, A.3, A.4 and A.5 of the Project.
      (b)   DNTR shall be responsible for the implementation of Part
A.6 of the Project.
      (c)   GAPROMAR shall be responsible for the implementation of
Parts B.1, B.2 and B.3 of the Project.
      (d)   D.N. Alfandegas shall be responsible for the
implementation of Part B.4 of the Project.
      (e)   BM shall be responsible for the implementation of Part
C of the Project.
      (f)   The National Director of DNEP and the Director of
GAPROMAR shall be jointly responsible for carrying out Part D (b) of
the Project.
Page  20
2.    Key Project Management Staff.
      The following are the Key Project Management Staff:
      (a)   Project Managers
            (i)   The Borrower shall appoint and maintain during
                  Project implementation one Project Manager
                  responsible for the coordination and imple-
                  mentation of Part A of the Project; and one
                  Project Manager for the coordination and
                  implementation of Part B of the Project;
           (ii)   The Project Managers shall be responsible, inter
                  alia, for the following:
                  (A)   procuring goods and selecting and
                        contracting consultants' services financed
                        under the Credit;
                  (B)   keeping Project accounts and documentation
                        and preparing withdrawal applications for
                        disbursement;
                  (C)   ensuring the adequate technical quality of
                        the Project activities under their
                        coordination; and
                  (D)   preparing monthly and quarterly Project
                        reports and ensuring compliance with audit
                        covenants under this Agreement.
      (b)   Project Coordinator (PC)
            (i)   To assist the Project Managers in the
                  coordination and implementation of the Project
                  components and in the preparation of subsequent
                  roads and coastal shipping projects;
           (ii)   The Project Coordinator shall be responsible,
                  inter alia, for the following:
                  (A)   advise and assist in the development and
                        implementation of policies and procedures
                        for overall planning and supervision of the
                        coastal shipping, road infrastructure and
                        road transport sub-sectors, including any
                        required organizational improvements; and
                  (B)   assist in monitoring of progress being made
                        in the implementation of components of this
                        Project and future roads and coastal
                        shipping being funded by individual donors,
                        and in coordinating the participation of
                        the various donors and in keeping them
                        informed of the overall progress of the key
                        elements of the Project;
      (c)   General Consultant (GC)
            The GC shall be responsible, inter alia, for the
following:
            (i)   assist DNEP in the overall management of the
                  national road program; and
           (ii)   coordinate and monitor the activities of all
                  consultants employed by DNEP.
      (d)   Regulatory and Supervision Consultants (RSC)
Page  21
            The RSC who shall be responsible, inter alia, for the
following:
                  (A)   Assisting DNM and GAPROMAR in: (a) the
                        revision of the commercial regulatory
                        framework for shipping and small ports to
                        allow private sector participation and cost
                        based tariffs; (b) the negotiation of the
                        privatization of the coastal shipping
                        industry and the negotiation of contracts
                        for management of the small ports; and (c)
                        conducting and transferring the skills
                        required for, the longer-term commercial
                        supervision of and planning for the coastal
                        shipping industry and small ports;
                  (B)   reviewing DNM organization to (a) recommend
                        a detailed structure and functions for DNM,
                        and (b) clarify roles within MTC for over-
                        all maritime planning and coastal shipping
                        management; and
                  (C)   reviewing maritime legal framework and make
                        recommendations to adjust it to establish a
                        competitive and efficient coastal shipping
                        industry, focussing on privatization of
                        small ports and shipping operations.
      (e)   Transport and Trade Facilitation Committee
1.    (a)   The Borrower shall establish a Transport and Trade
Facilitation Committee (TTFC) as a multi-discipline inter-
ministerial advisory body.
      (b)   Representatives of the following agencies shall be
appointed as permanent members of the TTFC: Ministry of Finance,
Ministry of Transport and Communications, Ministry of Construction
and Water, Ministry of Trade, Bank of Mozambique and the Chamber of
Commerce.
2.    (a)   The TTFC shall be chaired by the representative of the
Ministry of Finance.
      (b)   The representative of the Ministry of Trade shall be
responsible for the Secretariat of TTFC.
3.    The TTFC shall be responsible, inter alia, for the following:
      (a)   coordinate the work of the consultants executing the
facilitation program;
      (b)   advise the pertinent institutions on recommendations of
the facilitation program consultants;
      (c)   process specific proposals through executive channels to
the proper institutional level; and
      (d)   execute subsequent governmental decisions on transport
and trade facilitation.
Part B:     Schedule of actions to be carried out by the Borrower
            during Project implementation
      Except as the Association and the Borrower shall otherwise
agree, the Borrower shall carry out the following:
      (a)   Prepare action plans and implementation timetables,
acceptable to the Association:
            (i)   not later than six months after the Effective
                  Date, to transfer the responsibility for
                  administration of the small ports from CFM to
Page  22
                  DNM;
           (ii)   not later than six months after the Effective
                  Date, to develop guidelines applicable to the
                  negotiation and award of management and/or
                  concession contracts by the Borrower, in
                  accordance with terms and conditions agreed with
                  the Association;
          (iii)   not later than one year after the Effective Date
                  to: (A) develop and adopt revenue-generation
                  measures for the Road Maintenance Fund, appli-
                  cable to national non-urban roads, taking into
                  account the recommendations of a road financing
                  study carried out by the Borrower; and (B) ensure
                  membership in the International Marine Pollution
                  Convention (MARPOL 73/78); and
           (iv)   not later than one year after the Effective Date
                  and before the first annual Project review, to:
                  (A) ensure that the relevant state-owned enter-
                  prises divest themselves of their own-account
                  trucking fleets; (B) restructure all coastal
                  shipping companies owned by the Borrower or by
                  any of its state-owned enterprises; (C) adopt a
                  policy allowing full private sector access to the
                  coastal shipping feeder service market; (D) adopt
                  policy and legal measures necessary to encourage
                  private sector maintenance and repair workshop
                  capacity; and (E) remove mandatory tariff
                  barriers for long-distance road transport freight
                  services and entry barriers into the trucking
                  industry for inter-city long distance road
                  transport, taking into account the recommenda-
                  tions of the trucking studies referred to under
                  Part A.6 of the Project.
      (b)   Carry out the following actions:
            (i)   not later than one year after the Effective Date,
                  adopt a system of cost-based tariff policies
                  applicable to small ports and coastal shipping,
                  including appropriate mechanisms for periodic
                  updating of such tariffs, in accordance with
                  terms agreed with the Association;
           (ii)   not later than one year after the Effective Date:
                  through DNM, issue coastal shipping training
                  guidelines, stressing career development linkages
                  to training and a system of professional
                  standards and certification;
          (iii)   not later than one year after the Effective Date
                  and before the first annual Project review: (A)
                  initiate action to implement recommendations of
                  an equipment evaluation study carried out by the
                  Borrower, with the objective of transferring the
                  management of most basic heavy equipment for road
                  rehabilitation and maintenance to private or
                  mixed-capital enterprises in accordance with
                  terms and conditions satisfactory to the
                  Association; and (B) adopt a policy commitment
                  conducive to full competitiveness in the coastal
                  shipping transport subsector; and
           (iv)   not later than October 31, 1995 and before the
                  mid-term Project implementation review: (A)
                  complete implementation of policy and regulatory
                  framework reform in the coastal shipping sub-
                  sector; and (B) adopt and implement improved
                  procurement and materials management guidelines
                  and procedures in accordance with studies carried
Page  23
                  out by the Borrower.
                            SCHEDULE 5
                  Special Account A (MCA Account)
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1) and
(5) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
Parts A and D of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories
in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $3,500,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited in the Special Account A pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account A shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with the
provisions of this Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account A has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account A shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit in the Special Account A such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account A, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                  requests for deposits into the Special Account A
                  at such intervals as the Association shall
                  specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the Special Account A such amount as the Borrower
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                  by said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account A for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account A, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
Page  24
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account A:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories for Parts A and D of the
Project, less the amount of any outstanding special commitment
entered into by the Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the
General Conditions with respect to Parts A and D of the Project,
shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized
Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories for Parts A and D of the Project shall follow such
procedures as the Association shall specify by notice to the
Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and to
the extent that the Association shall have been satisfied that all
such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account A as of the
date of such notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account A: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account A
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account A shall be made until the Borrower has provided such
evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account A will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit into
the Special Account A.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
                            SCHEDULE 6
                  Special Account B (MTC Account)
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (2) and
(3) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
Page  25
Part B of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $1,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited in the Special Account B pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account B shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with the
provisions of this Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account B has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account B shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit in the Special Account B such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account B, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                  requests for deposits into the Special Account B
                  at such intervals as the Association shall
                  specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the Special Account B such amount as the Borrower
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                  by said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account B for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account B, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account B:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories for Part B of the Project, less
the amount of any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with
respect to Part B of the Project, shall equal the equivalent of
Page  26
twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories for Part B of the Project shall follow such procedures as
the Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such
further withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent that
the Association shall have been satisfied that all such amounts
remaining on deposit in the Special Account B as of the date of such
notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account B: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account B
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account B shall be made until the Borrower has provided such
evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account B will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit into
the Special Account B.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
                            SCHEDULE 7
                  Special Account C (BM Account)
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Category (4) set
forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
Part C of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $1,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited in the Special Account C pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account C shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with the
provisions of this Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account C has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account C shall be made as follows:
Page  27
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit in the Special Account C such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account C, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                  requests for deposits into the Special Account C
                  at such intervals as the Association shall
                  specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the Special Account C such amount as the Borrower
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                  by said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account C for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account C, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories for Part C of the Project, less
the amount of any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with
respect to Part C of the Project, shall equal the equivalent of
twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories for Part C of the Project shall follow such procedures as
the Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such
further withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent that
the Association shall have been satisfied that all such amounts
remaining on deposit in the Special Account C as of the date of such
notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account C: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Page  28
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account C
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account C shall be made until the Borrower has provided such
evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account C will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit into
the Special Account C.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraph 6
(a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
                            SCHEDULE 8
               Terms and Conditions of Participation                      Agreements 
and Subloans
A.    Participation Agreements
1.    (a)   PFIs shall relend the local currency (Meticais) equi-
valent to the proceeds of the Credit, allocated to Category (4) of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement, to Final Beneficiaries (FBs) for
Subprojects, for terms of three (3) to twelve (12) years, including
periods of grace of one (1) to four (4) years.
      (b)   PFIs shall charge a variable interest rate on Subloans
to FBs at the Borrower's prevailing interest rate including a margin
approved by BM and negotiated within the respective Participation
Agreement. For the purposes of this Schedule the term "prevailing
interest rate" means the rate determined by the Borrower pursuant to
the provisions of a Despacho issued by the Governor of Banco de
Mocambique, dated March 31, 1992, as amended from time to time.
2.    Each Participation Agreement shall contain provisions pursuant
to which each PFI shall:
      (a)   continue to be duly established and operating under the
laws of the Borrower;
      (b)   appraise the financial, technical and environmental
feasibility of Subprojects;
      (c)   make Subloans to FBs under Part C of the Project on the
basis of the criteria, procedures and terms and conditions set forth
in this Schedule;
      (d)   maintain the organization, management staff and other
resources required for the efficient carrying out of its activities
and for the management of Sub-loans granted to FBs;
      (e)   provide the apex unit within BM (UGP), GAPROMAR and the
Association with such information as they may reasonably request;
      (f)   bear the lending risk and adhere to terms of lending and
repayment of Subloans;
      (g)   without delay, give full disclosure to the BM and/or the
Association of all information requested by the BM and/or the
Association, that may be reasonably required by the BM and/or the
Page  29
Association to assess the financial and portfolio performance and
lending capabilities of the PFI in general and Part C of the Project
in particular;
      (h)   annually have an overall audit of its records and
accounts carried out applying, mutatis mutandis, Article IV of the
Agreement; and
      (i)   keep separate records and accounts regarding the
implementation of Part C of the Project and have these records and
accounts audited annually applying, mutatis mutandis, Article IV of
the Agreement.
3.    Procurement
      (a)   With respect to the procurement of goods and services to
be financed under Subloans made under Part C of the Project, each
Participation Agreement shall contain provisions requiring compli-
ance with the following procedures:
            (i)   goods and services shall be purchased at a
                  reasonable price, account being taken also of
                  other relevant factors such as time of delivery
                  and efficiency and reliability of the goods and
                  availability of maintenance facilities and spare
                  parts therefor and, in the case of services, of
                  their quality and the competence of the parties
                  rendering them.
           (ii)   Goods and services estimated to cost the
                  equivalent of $500,000 or more shall be procured
                  under contracts awarded in accordance with
                  procedures consistent with those set forth in
                  Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
                  Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
                  published by the Bank in May 1985 (the
                  Guidelines).
          (iii)   Goods estimated to cost the equivalent of
                  $100,000 but less than $500,000 per contract: (A)
                  may be procured under contracts awarded on the
                  basis of comparison of price quotations solicited
                  from a list of at least three qualified suppliers
                  in accordance with procedures acceptable to the
                  Association; and (B) all contracts for such goods
                  shall be reviewed by the PFIs before submitting
                  them to UGP for their approval and award.
           (iv)   Civil works estimated to cost more than the
                  equivalent of $100,000 per contract may be
                  procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
                  competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
                  accordance with procedures satisfactory to the
                  Association.
            (v)   Consultants shall have qualifications,
                  experience, and be employed on terms and
                  conditions satisfactory to the Association. Such
                  consultants shall be selected in accordance with
                  principles and procedures satisfactory to the
                  Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for
                  the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers
                  and by the World Bank as Executing Agency"
                  published by the Association in August 1981.
      (b)   Each PFI shall undertake that such goods and services
shall be used exclusively in the carrying out of the Subproject and
shall maintain appropriate records of the procurement procedures
followed.
4.    No expenditures for goods or services required for a
Subproject shall be eligible for financing out of the proceeds of
Page  30
the Credit unless the Subloan for such Subproject shall have been:
      (a)   approved by the Association and such expenditures shall
have been made not earlier than ninety (90) days prior to the date
on which the Association shall have received the application and
information required under paragraph 5 (a) of this Schedule in
respect of such Subloan; or
      (b)   a free-limit Subloan for which the Association has
authorized withdrawals from the Credit Account and such expenditures
shall have been made not earlier than ninety (90) days prior to the
date on which the Association shall have received the request and
information required under paragraph 5 (b) of this Schedule in
respect of such free-limit Subloan. For the purposes of this
Agreement, a free-limit Subloan shall be a Subloan for a Subproject
in an amount to be financed out of the proceeds of Category (3) of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement which shall not exceed the sum of two
hundred thousand dollars ($200,000) equivalent, the foregoing amount
being subject to change from time to time as determined by the
Association at the request of the Borrower.
5.    (a)   When presenting a Subloan (other than a free-limit
Subloan) to the Association for approval, UGP shall furnish to the
Association an application, in form satisfactory to the Association,
together with: (i) a description of the FB; (ii) a financial
appraisal of the Subproject, including procurement procedures and a
description of the expenditures proposed to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit; (iii) the proposed terms and conditions of
the Subloan including the schedule of amortization of the Subloan;
and (iv) such other information as GAPROMAR and the Association
shall reasonably request.
      (b)   Each request by BM for authorization to make withdrawals
from the Credit Account in respect of a free-limit Subloan shall
contain: (i) a summary description of the FB and the Subproject,
including procurement procedures and a description of the expen-
ditures proposed to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit;
and (ii) the terms and conditions of the Subloan, including the
schedule of amortization therefor.
      (c)   Applications and requests made pursuant to the
provisions of sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of this paragraph shall be
presented to the Association on or before December 31, 1996.
6.    Subloans shall be made on terms whereby BM shall cause each
PFI to obtain, by written contract with the FB or by other appro-
priate legal means, rights adequate to protect the interests of the
Borrower, the Association and BM, including, for any Subloan, the
right to:
      (a)   require the FB to carry out and operate the Subproject
with due diligence and efficiency and in accordance with sound
technical, financial, environmental and managerial standards and to
maintain adequate records;
      (b)   require that: (i) the goods and services to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be procured in accordance
with the provisions of Part A.3 of this Schedule; and (ii) such
goods and services shall be used exclusively in the carrying out of
the Subproject;
      (c)   inspect, by itself or jointly with representatives of
the Association if the Association shall so request, such goods,
works, facilities and construction included in the Subproject, the
operation thereof, and any relevant records and documents;
      (d)   require that: (i) the FB shall take out and maintain
with responsible insurers such insurance, against such risks and in
such amounts, as shall be consistent with sound business practice;
and (ii) without any limitation upon the foregoing, such insurance
shall cover hazards incident to the acquisition, transportation and
delivery of goods financed out of the proceeds of the Credit to the
Page  31
place of use or installation, any indemnity thereunder to be made
payable in a currency freely usable by the FB to replace or repair
such goods;
      (e)   obtain all such information as the Association, GAPROMAR
or BM shall reasonably request relating to the foregoing and to the
administration, operations and financial condition of the FB and to
the benefits to be derived from the Subproject; and
      (f)   suspend or terminate the right of the FB to the use of
the proceeds of the Credit upon failure by such FB to perform its
obligations under its contract with the PFIs.
7.    Subloans for any Subproject for rehabilitation or expansion of
the facilities of existing small ports or provider of feeder
transport services to and from a port may not exceed ninety percent
(90%) of the total cost of the proposed Subproject nor a total
equivalent to one million five hundred thousand dollars
($1,500,000.)
8.    PFIs may cofinance the cost of Subprojects from their own
resources.
9.    No Subloan granted by any PFI shall be eligible for
refinancing by BM out of the proceeds of the Credit without the
prior verification of UGP as to its eligibility and without the
approval of the Association; once the first subloan for any port
shall have been so approved, however, the approval of the
Association shall no longer be required for the subsequent free-
limit Subloans granted by such PFI.
B.   Eligibility Criteria for Final Beneficiaries and Investment
     Projects - General Procedures
1.    (a)   Individuals or Enterprises engaged in: (i) the
management of small ports of the Borrower and holding a legally
binding contract for the management of such small ports, awarded in
accordance with terms satisfactory to the Association; or (ii) the
provision of feeder transport services to and from a port under the
contractual arrangements referred to in (a) above ; and (b) legally
constituted under Mozambican law.
2.    Subloans shall be used by FBs to have financing of: (a) fixed
assets (including machinery, equipment, buildings and related civil
works) rehabilitation and replacement; (b) spare parts; and (c)
technical know-how consultancy services.
3.    During implementation of the Subproject, the FB shall be
required: (a) to maintain a total debt service coverage ratio of not
less than 1.5; and (b) in the case of an existing enterprise to
maintain its equity at an equivalent of not less than ten (10%)
percent of total enterprise assets. For the purpose of this
Schedule, the term "total debt service coverage ratio" means net
revenues (revenue less associated cost, excluding provision for
depreciation and debt service payments) divided by debt service
payments (including interest and principal, but excluding interest
during construction).
4.    Appraisal of Subprojects:
      (a)   UGP shall review the appraisal reports prepared by the
PFI concerned in accordance with procedures acceptable to the
Association; and
      (b)   appraisal reports shall include, inter alia, the
following: (i) analysis of the proposed Subproject, including its
technical soundness, financial viability, and managerial capability;
(ii) calculation of the incremental financial rate of return (FRR)
which shall be at least twelve (12%) percent; (iii) assessment of
the environmental impact of the proposed Subproject, in particular
in cases of Subprojects: (A) involving the construction or rehabi-
litation of seaside civil structures; or (B) facilitating the
Page  32
evacuation of scarce natural resources, such as hardwoods.
