Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2141 GM
                  (Women in Development Project)
                              between
                    THE REPUBLIC OF THE GAMBIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        Dated June 29, 1990
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2141 GM
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 29, 1990, between THE REPUBLIC OF THE
GAMBIA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Borrower intends to obtain from the Government of
Norway a grant (the Norwegian Grant) in an amount equivalent to ten
million Norwegian Kroner (10,000,000 KNR) to assist in financing
Part C of the Project on the terms and conditions set forth in an
agreement (the Norwegian Grant Agreement) to be entered into between
the Borrower and the Government of Norway;
      (C)   the Borrower intends to obtain from the African
Development Fund (AfDF): (i) a Technical Assistance Fund Grant (the
TAF Grant) in an amount of two million one hundred ten thousand
Units of Account (FUA 2,110,000) to assist in financing Part B of
the Project on the terms and conditions set forth in an agreement
Page  2
(the TAF Grant Agreement) dated March 27, 1990, between the Borrower
and AfDF; and (ii) a loan (the AfDF Loan) in an amount of five
hundred thousand Units of Account (FUA 500,000) to assist in
financing Part B of the Project on the terms and conditions set
forth in an agreement (the AfDF Loan Agreement) dated March 27,
1990, between the Borrower and AfDF;
      (D)   the Borrower intends to obtain from the United Nations
Fund for Population Activities (UNFPA) a grant (the UNFPA Grant) in
an amount equivalent to one hundred fifty thousand dollars
($150,000) to assist in financing Part D of the Project on the terms
and conditions set forth in an agreement (the UNFPA Grant Agreement)
to be entered into between the Borrower and UNFPA;
      (E)   the Borrower intends to obtain from the United Nations
Development Fund for Women (UNIFEM) grants (the UNIFEM Grants) in an
aggregate amount equivalent to aone million one hundred eighty-five
thousand dollars ($1,185,000)á to assist in financing Parts A and E
of the Project on the terms and conditions set forth in agreements
(the UNIFEM Agreements) to be entered into between UNIFEM and the
Borrower;
      (F)   the Borrower intends to obtain from the United Nations
Development Program (UNDP) a grant (the UNDP Grant) in an amount
equivalent to nine hundred twenty-five thousand dollars ($925,000)
to assist in financing Part A of the Project on the terms and
conditions set forth in an agreement (the UNDP Grant Agreement) to
be entered into between UNDP and the Borrower; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth
and the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (b)   "PCC" means the Project Coordinating Committee referred
to in Section 3.01 (c) of this Agreement;
      (c)   "PMU" means the Project Management Unit referred to in
Section 3.01 (c) of this Agreement;
      (d)   "Women's Bureau" means the Women's Bureau established
and operating pursuant to the Borrower's National Women's Council
Act, 1980;
      (e)   "ACCU" means the Agricultural Component Coordination
Unit mentioned in Section 3.01 (b) of this Agreement;
      (f)   "SDCCU" means the Skills Development Coordination Unit
mentioned in Section 3.01 (b) of this Agreement;
      (g) "IECCU" means the IEC Coordination Unit mentioned in
Section 3.01 (b) of this Agreement;
      (h)   "SMFPCU" means the Safe Motherhood and Family Planning
Page  3
Coordination Unit mentioned in Section 3.01 (b) of this Agreement;
      (i)   "Project Agency" means any agency (including an NGO)
approved by the Borrower and the Association to participate or
assist in the carrying out of any Part of the Project or a component
thereof including PCC, PMU and the Women's Bureau;
      (j)   "NGO" means a non-governmental organisation; and
      (k)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to an exchange of letters dated April 29, 1988, June 16,
1988, January 11, 1990 and February 8, 1990, between the Borrower
and the Association.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to five million four hundred thousand Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 5,400,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods, works and services required for the Project described
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in the
Central Bank of the Gambia on terms and conditions satisfactory to
the Association, including appropriate protection against set-off,
seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance
shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1996 or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next date in that year specified in
Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Page  4
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on February 1 and August 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each February 1 and August 1 com-
mencing August 1, 2000 and ending February 1, 2030. Each install-
ment to and including the installment payable on February 1, 2010
shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due considera-
tion by them of the development of the Borrower's economy, modify
the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the Credit
shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                           ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out the Project through the
Project Agencies with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity
with appropriate administrative, financial, agricultural, health,
educational and women's developmental policies and practices, and
shall provide, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services
and other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   The Borrower shall establish and thereafter maintain in
a form and with functions and staffing satisfactory to the
Association: (i) an Agricultural Component Coordination Unit within
the Ministry of Agriculture (ACCU); (ii) a Skills Development
Component Coordination Unit (SDCCU) within the Ministry of Local
Government and Lands; (iii) and an Information, Education and
Communication Coordination Unit (IECCU) and a Monitoring and
Page  5
Evaluation Unit (MEU) in the Women's Bureau; and (iv) a Safe
Motherhood and Family Planning Coordination Unit (SMFPCU) within the
Ministry of Health, Environment, Labor and Social Welfare (the
Ministry of Health). The Borrower shall appoint and assign to ACCU,
SDCCU, IECCU and SMFPCU coordinators, and to MEU a Monitoring and
Evaluation Officer, all with qualifications and experience
satisfactory to the Association.
      (c)   The Borrower shall continue to maintain the Project
Coordinating Committee (PCC) and the Project Management Unit (PMU)
in a form and with functions satisfactory to the Association. PMU
shall at all times be headed and staffed at the senior levels by
persons with qualifications and experience appointed on terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Association.
      (d)   The Borrower shall establish and thereafter maintain in
a form and with operating procedures satisfactory to the Association
the fund for small projects and programs to be established under
Part F of the Project.
      (e)   The Borrower shall make available, on a grant basis, to
NGOs participating in the Project portions of the proceeds of the
Credit allocated to Category (5) in Schedule 1 to this Agreement
under agreements to be entered into between the Borrower and each
such NGO on terms and conditions which shall have been approved by
the Association including provisions requiring the NGOS to maintain
records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices, the operations, resources, and expenditures of
the NGOs in respect of the Project.
      (f)   The Borrower shall furnish to the Association for its
approval: (i) the first three proposals of NGOs submitted to the
Borrower for financing out of the proceeds of the Credit for any
particular activity; and (ii) all proposals of NGOs submitted for
such financing in excess of $40,000 equivalent.
      (g)   The Borrower shall furnish to the Association for its
prior review and approval all key staff training programs included
in the Project.
      (h)   The Borrower shall carry out a mid-term review of the
progress of the Project no later than December 1992.
      (i)   The Borrower and the Association shall, not later than
April 30, 1991 and, thereafter, not later than April 30 of each
subsequent year during which the Project is due to be executed,
exchange views on the execution of the Project and the performance
of their respective obligations under this Agreement.
      (j)   Not later than one month prior to each such exchange of
views, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association, for its review
and comments: (i) a report on the execution of the Project, in such
form and detail as the Association shall request; and (ii) such
other report or document as the Association may reasonably require
for purposes of each such exchange of views.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. (a). The Borrower shall increase the percentage
of women included in the total number of men and women farmers
designated and utilized as contact farmers under the Borrower's
agricultural extension program to: (i) 10% by June 30, 1991; (ii)
15% by June 30, 1992; (iii) 20% by June 30, 1993; (iv) 25% by
June 30, 1994; and (v) 30% by June 30, 1995.
      (b)   The Borrower shall increase the percentage of women
included in the total number of men and women farmers who
participate in block demonstrations under the Borrower's
agricultural extension program to: (i) 15% by June 30, 1991; (ii)
Page  6
20% by June 30, 1992; (iii) 25% by June 30, 1993; (iv) 30% by June
30, 1994; and (v) 35% by June 30, 1995.
      (c)   The Borrower shall prepare and furnish to the
Association by December 31, 1990, a national strategy paper (which
also covers strategy at the divisional levels) aimed at: (i)
increasing the impact of the Borrower's agricultural extension
program on women; and (ii) ensuring the achievement of the
percentage increases in the number of women contact farmers and the
number of women participating in block demonstrations required under
paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of the Project of the departments or
agencies of the Borrower (including the Women's Bureau) and the NGOs
responsible for carrying out the Project or any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those for
                  the Special Account for each fiscal year audited,
                  in accordance with appropriate auditing
                  principles consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year, a certified copy of
                  the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and the audit
                  thereof as the Association shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the
                  Association has received the audit for the fiscal
                  year in which the last withdrawal from the Credit
                  Account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that every six months said auditors
                  furnish to the Association an opinion as to
                  whether the statements of expenditure submitted
                  during such period, together with the procedures
                  and internal controls involved in their
                  preparation, can be relied upon to support the
                  related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
Page  7
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   A change shall have been made in the Borrower's National
Women's Council Act, 1980, which would materially and adversely
affect the operations of the Women's Bureau or the carrying out of
the Project.
      (b)   (i)   Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph:
                  (A)   the right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                        proceeds of any grant or loan (including
                        the Norwegian Grant, the TAF Grant, the
                        AfDF Loan, the UNFPA Grant, the UNIFEM
                        Grants and the UNDP Grant) made to the
                        Borrower for the financing of the Project
                        shall have been suspended, cancelled or
                        terminated in whole or in part, pursuant to
                        the terms of the agreement providing
                        therefor; or
                  (B)   any such loan shall have become due and
                        payable prior to the agreed maturity
                        thereof.
           (ii)   Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not
                  apply if the Borrower establishes to the
                  satisfaction of the Association that: (A) such
                  suspension, cancellation, termination or
                  prematuring is not caused by the failure of the
                  Borrower to perform any of its obligations under
                  such agreement; and (B) adequate funds for the
                  Project are available to the Borrower from other
                  sources on terms and conditions consistent with
                  the obligations of the Borrower under this
                  Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   the event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 5.01 of
this Agreement shall occur; and
      (b)   any event specified in paragraph (b) (i) (B) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur, subject to the proviso of
paragraph (b) (ii) of that Section.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   the Borrower has appointed and assigned to: (i) PMU a
deputy Project Manager; (ii) ACCU, SDCCU and SMFPCU one coordinator
each; (iii) IECCU one counterpart coordinator; and (iv) MEU one
Monitoring and Evaluation Officer;
      (b)   the Borrower has furnished the Association with: (i) a
standard form of contract satisfactory to the Association to be
entered into by the Borrower and NGOs; and (ii) a statement of
Government policy satisfactory to the Association regarding the
participation of NGOs in the Project; and
      (c)   the Borrower has furnished to the Association details
satisfactory to the Association of the management and administration
of the Fund for small projects and programs including eligibility
criteria.
Page  8
      Section 6.02. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Minister responsible for Finance and Trade
of the Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for
the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Finance and Trade
            The Quadrangle
            Banjul
            The Republic of the Gambia
            Cable address:                      Telex:
                  MINFIN                          2264
                  The Republic of the Gambia
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
           Cable address:                      Telex:
                  INDEVAS                         197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.                248423 (RCA)
                                                   64145 (WUI) or
                                                   82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  THE REPUBLIC OF THE GAMBIA
                  By /s/ Ousman A. Sallah
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                           SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
Page  9
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                           Amount of the
                         Credit Allocated          % of
                           (Expressed in        Expenditures
      Category            SDR Equivalent)       to be financed
(1)   Works                     230,000         90%
(2)   Furniture                  80,000         100%
      and equipment
(3)   Vehicles and              770,000         100%
      materials
(4)   Farm inputs               380,000         100%
      credit under
      Part A (2) of
      the Project
(5)   Fund for                  390,000         100%
      Part F of the
      Project
(6)   Training                  460,000         100%
(7)   Consultants'            1,080,000         100%
      services
(8)   Operating                 380,000         80%
      costs
                           Amount of the
                         Credit Allocated          % of
                           (Expressed in        Expenditures
      Category            SDR Equivalent)       to be financed
(9)   Refunding of              930,000         Amount due pur-
      Project                                   suant to Section
      Preparation                               2.02 (c) of this
      Advance                                   Agreement
(10)  Unallocated               700,000
                              _________
            TOTAL             5,400,000
                              =========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule, the term "operating costs"
means all costs incurred in respect of local staff salaries and
allowances, maintenance of vehicles and equipment, fuel, and office
rent, supplies and services, under Parts A, D, E and F of the
Project.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement; or
      (b)   expenditures made by a Project Agency, other than PMU,
for any Part or component of the Project unless that Project agency
has concluded an agreement satisfactory to the Association with any
other Ministry, Department or agency of the Borrower concerned in
the execution of that Part or component of the Project setting out
the conditions or arrangements under which the Project Agency is to
carry out the said Part or component of the Project.
                           SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
Page  10
      The objectives of the Project are to: (i) improve the
productivity and income-earning potential, and general welfare and
status, of women in the Gambia; and (ii) strengthen the ability of
institutions of the Borrower concerned with issues affecting women
to deal effectively with such issues.
      The Project consists of the following Parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Agriculture
1.    Strengthening and assisting the Borrower's extension services
to provide better service for women farmers engaged in field crops,
and horticultural and livestock production including:
      (a)   program planning workshops; preparation of extension
manuals; block demonstrations for farmers; and logistical support
and training for extension workers;
      (b)   provision of laboratory equipment and development of
delivery systems for health care; and
      (c)   establishment of a revolving fund for financing the
purchase of drugs for livestock.
2.    Extension of the private sector input distribution network
including:
      (a)   assisting about 18 selected women to become skilled
retailers of agricultural inputs through the provision of business
training for, and the supply of farm inputs credit to, such women;
      (b)   the assignment to each selected woman retailer of a
technical sales agent to assist her, for a period of two years, in
book-keeping, input distribution and liaison with farmers; and
      (c)   a private retailer network study to determine the kind
and amount of financial support required for women to succeed as
private retailers of farm inputs.
3.    Providing support for women's cooperative groups including the
employment by the Borrower of up to seven specialized women's credit
officers to identify and liaise with women's groups considered
eligible to receive credit from the Gambia Cooperative Union.
4.    Strengthening food storage, preservation and nutrition
extension services including:
      (a)   the provision by a reputable organisation of technical
assistance during the start-up phase of the Project;
      (b)   the development of extension materials;
      (c)   the provision of further training for staff of the Food
and Nutrition Unit (FNU) of the Ministry of Agriculture;
      (d)   the provision of logistical support to FNU including
basic office, laboratory and kitchen equipment;
      (e)   an outreach program to be carried out by the Food and
Nutrition (FNU) Unit of the Ministry of Agriculture in collaboration
with the Nutrition Unit of the Ministry of Health to avoid seasonal
malnutrition; and
      (f)   collaboration by FNU and the Borrower's Agricultural
Engineering Unit to develop and adapt improved food processing
equipment.
5.    Improving maintenance and management of small-scale post-
harvest equipment including the setting up by a competent NGO or
private sector organization of village coarse-grain mill management
Page  11
committees, training of village personnel to operate and service the
mills and identification by such NGO or organization in consultation
with the Association of a smaller dehuller for use with existing
engines.
6.     Mobilizing women's savings including:
            (i)   organization by the Gambia Women's Finance
                  Company of a savings campaign for women farmers;
                  and
           (ii)   development of systems for improving access of
                  rural women to commercial banks and other
                  financial institutions.
7.    (a)   Provision of: (i) office and laboratory furniture and
equipment, including cold chain and kitchen equipment for FNU, the
Department of Livestock Services (DLS), the Department of Agri-
cultural Services (DAS), and ACCU; (ii) about 72 motor-cycles for
extension workers, women retailers, and saving mobilization agents;
(iii) about 11 vehicles for FNU, DLS, DAS and ACCU; (iv) crop
extension manuals, training and library materials, and livestock
drugs; and (v) stationery and communication materials.
       (b)  Training programs, workshops and provision of technical
assistance including:
            (i)   regional study tours for extension workers, field
                  trips for women's groups, overseas training for
                  two horticultural supervisors, diploma courses in
                  livestock laboratory work for three people, and
                  university bachelor degree courses in food
                  science and nutrition for three people; and
           (ii)   studies to assess and evaluate the results of (A)
                  the private sector input distribution program,
                  and (B) the savings mobilization campaign.
      (c)   Strengthening village cereal processing systems.
Part B:     Skills Development
1.    Promoting the skills of about 10,000 rural women in about 125
villages including:
      (a)   promotion of basic literacy and numeracy among rural
women;
      (b)   assistance to rural women to participate in income-
generating activities;
      (c)   establishment of a small-scale  scheme to extend credit
to rural women who have participated in, and acquired specific
skills under, the skills development program;
      (d)   training of staff of agencies and departments
participating in the rural women's skills development program in
project execution and management techniques, development for project
staff of performance indicators, and retraining of home crafts
assistants; and
      (e)   provision of: (i) equipment and furniture for the
Borrower's Department of Community Development (DCD) and the
Department of Non-Formal Education, village classrooms, and an
office for a credit specialist; (ii) post-literacy materials for
about 10,000 women and booklets for the skills development program;
(iii) stationery for offices and workshops; and (iv) about 50 motor-
cycles and about ten vehicles for DCD.
Part C:     Safe Motherhood and Family Planning
1.    Identification, management and referral of high-risk
Page  12
pregnancies including:
      (a)   in-service training in antenatal, perinatal and post-
natal care for approximately 200 traditional birth attendants
(TBAs), 50 community health nurses and 45 trekking team members;
      (b)   training in sterile delivery techniques and risk
identification and management for about 400 untrained TBAs; and
      (c)   refurbishing and/or reconstruction of 35 sub-
dispensaries; provision of new equipment for 15 trekking teams; and
construction of health posts in ten isolated villages.
2.    Establishment of alarm and evacuation systems including:
      (a)   the provision of animal drawn carts built with cushioned
pads and side barriers for the emergency evacuation of pregnant
women to points where motorized transport is available; and
      (b)   expansion of existing telecommunication facilities to
provide communication between health centers and key villages in the
Upper River Division of the Gambia.
3.    A women's nutrition program including: (i) education of
members of households in nutrition and health matters with
particular emphasis on the nutritional needs of pregnant and
lactating women; (ii) a micro-nutrient supplementation program for
such women; (iii) qualitative research on food practices and beliefs
and seasonal household food shelf and market surveys; and (iv)
research into vitamin A deficiency in the Gambia.
4.    A family planning program including: (i) establishment of 40
community-based contraceptives distribution centers (CDBs) in rural
areas and 20 CDBs in the Greater Banjul area; (ii) community health
education including family life education; (iii) promoting private
sector participation in the safe and effective distribution of
contraceptives; (iv) a study of infertility in the Gambia; (v)
training and supervision of TBAs and agents of the Gambia Family
Planning Association (GFPA); and (vi) training of dispensers and
pharmacists.
Part D:     Information, Education and Communication (IEC)
1.    Promoting awareness in the Gambia of women's needs and
concerns and identifying, mobilizing and utilizing communication
resources to promote the objectives of the Project including:
      (a)   the setting up by the Women's Bureau of solar-powered
VCRs and monitors in video halls in 30 villages;
      (b)   coordination by the Women's Bureau of the activities of
200 radio-listening clubs, print production and IEC research;
      (c)   surveys, workshops and seminars to be conducted by the
Women's Bureau to assess attitudes and behavior concerning women and
share information and exchange views on the role of women; and
      (d)   preparation by Radio Gambia of radio programs and
production of single-issues series focussing on women's issues; and
purchase and installation for Radio Gambia of a transmitter that
will extend the radio signal to the whole of the Gambia.
2.    Provision of about three vehicles, audio and production
equipment, IEC materials, training and the services of
internationally recruited specialists (IEC Coordinator,
maintenance/repair engineer, and short term experts) and locally
recruited specialists
Part E:     Strengthening of the Women's Bureau
      Strengthening the capacity of the Women's Bureau for policy
and program formulation, advice, awareness creation, and monitoring
Page  13
and evaluation of the impact of women's development programs
including:
      (a)   establishment of a monitoring and evaluation unit within
the Women's Bureau;
      (b)   reinforcement of the Research Unit of the Women's
Bureau;
      (c)   reorganising and decentralising the activities of the
Women's Bureau to increase its effectiveness;
      (d)   improving the documentation and reference service of the
Women's Bureau;
      (e)   enhancement of the communications program of the Women's
Bureau;
      (f)   provision for the Women's Bureau of: (i) a new
headquarters building together with furniture and equipment; and
(ii) about two 4-WD vehicles (including one for the monitoring and
evaluation unit) and about ten motorbikes for field officers; and
      (g)   training for the staff of the Women's Bureau and women
leaders in the regions.
Part F:     Fund for Small Projects and Programs
      Establishment of a fund to be administered by the Project
Management Unit and used by non-governmental organizations (NGOs) on
a matching fund basis for small projects and programs designed to
help women and children.
                           *   *   *   *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1995.
                           SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:  International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall be
grouped in bid packages estimated to cost an amount equivalent to
$100,000 or more for each package.
Part B:  Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A. 1 hereof, goods manufactured in the Gambia may
be granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject
to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:  Other Procurement Procedures
1.     Works, not to exceed in the aggregate amount equivalent to
$300,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.    Goods estimated to cost an amount of less than $100,000 per
bid package but more than $20,000 equivalent per bid package, up to
Page  14
an aggregate amount not to exceed $300,000 equivalent, may be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of competitive
bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Association.
3.    Goods estimated to cost $20,000 or less equivalent per bid
package, up to an aggregate amount not to exceed $1,500,000
equivalent, may, with the prior approval of the Association, be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations solicited from a list of at least three suppliers
eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures
acceptable to the Association.
4.    Goods to be procured from UNICEF and UNFPA or through an NGO
shall be procured in accordance with procedures acceptable to the
Association including procedures requiring such goods to be
purchased at a reasonable price, account being taken also of other
factors such as time of delivery and efficiency and reliability of
the goods and availability of maintenance facilities and spare
parts.
5.    Bidders for works shall be prequalified as described in
paragraph 2.10 of the Guidelines.
6.    The provisions applying to the procurement of goods and works
on the basis of the local competitive bidding procedures referred to
in the preceding provisions of this Part shall include the
following:
      (a)   bidders shall be allowed at least 45 days to submit
their bids;
      (b)   all bids shall be opened in public;
      (c)   evaluation criteria shall be clearly specified;
      (d)   eligible foreign firms not incorporated in the Gambia
shall be allowed to participate in the bidding; and
      (e)   draft standard bidding documents shall be furnished to
the Association for its approval before the first contract is
approved or signed.
Part D:  Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of prequalification:
      With respect to the prequalification of bidders as provided in
Part C.5 hereof, the procedures set forth in paragraph 1 of Appendix
1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
2.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $100,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to paragraph 2 of said Appendix shall be
furnished to the Association prior to the making of the first
payment out of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to paragraph 3 of said
Appendix shall be furnished to the Association as part of the
Page  15
evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to
this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Association has
authorized withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.
3.    The figure of 10% is hereby specified for purposes of para-
graph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected
in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                           SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
through (8) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods, works and services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $400,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                  requests for deposits into the Special Account at
                  such intervals as the Association shall specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
Page  16
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                  by said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall be equal to the equivalent of twice the amount of
the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to
the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the
Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the Association
may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account (or, if the
Association shall so request, refund to the Association) an amount
equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so
eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise agree,
no further deposit by the Association into the Special Account shall
be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence or made such
deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
Page  17
