Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3236 UNI
                        Guarantee Agreement
                   (Telecommunications Project)
                              between
                    FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF NIGERIA
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                      Dated December 10, 1990
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3236 UNI
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated December 10, 1990, between the FEDERAL
REPUBLIC OF NIGERIA (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and the Nigerian Telecommunications
Limited (the Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasibility
and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the
Project; and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to two hundred twenty-five
million dollars ($225,000,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the
Guarantor agrees to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in
respect of such loan as provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General Conditions)
constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, wherever
used in this Agreement, the several terms defined in the General
Conditions and in Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the
respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                  Guarantee; Provisions of Funds
      Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement and, to this end, without limitation or restriction upon
any of its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, hereby
unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not as surety
merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and
interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on
the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of all the
other obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan
Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the Guarantor
specifically undertakes, whenever there is reasonable cause to
believe that the funds available to the Borrower will be inadequate
to meet the estimated expenditures required for the carrying out of
the Project, to make arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank,
promptly to provide the Borrower or cause the Borrower to be
provided with such funds as are needed to meet such expenditures.
                            ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenant
      Section 3.01. The Guarantor shall carry out Part C of the
Project with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administration, financial, engineering, public utility
and telecommunication practices, and shall provide, promptly as
needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for the said Part of the Project.
                            ARTICLE IV
            Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 4.01. The Minister of Finance and Economic Development
of the Guarantor is designated as representative of the Guarantor
for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            The Honourable Minister
            Federal Ministry of Finance
             and Economic Development
            P.M.B. 12591
            Federal Secretariat
            Ikoyi, Lagos
            Nigeria
            Cable address:                Telex:
Page  3
                  FEDMINFIN                21248 (ITT)
                  Lagos
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA)
                                            64145 (WUI)
                                            82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF NIGERIA
                  By /s/ Hamzat Ahmadu
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ Callisto E. Madavo
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
