Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2497 MAG
                         Project Agreement
                (Financial Institutions Development
                   Technical Assistance Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
             BANQUE CENTRALE DE LA REPUBLIQUE MALGACHE
                     Dated September 20, 1993
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2497 MAG
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated September 20, 1993, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and BANQUE CENTRALE DE LA
REPUBLIQUE MALGACHE (BCRM).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between Republic of Madagascar (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to four million
six hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 4,600,000), on the
terms and conditions set forth in the Development Credit Agreement,
but only on condition that BCRM agree to undertake such obligations
toward the Association as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary credit agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and BCRM, a portion of the proceeds of the
credit provided for under the Development Credit Agreement will be
made available to BCRM on the terms and conditions set forth in said
Subsidiary Credit Agreement; and
      WHEREAS BCRM, in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
Page  2
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement and in the
General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings
therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) BCRM declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out Part
A of the Project and, in cooperation with CCBEF, Part B of the
Project, with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial and banking practices, and the
BCRM and CCBEF Strategic Development Plans, and shall provide, or
cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for Parts A and B of the
Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Association and BCRM shall
otherwise agree, BCRM shall carry out Parts A and B of the Project
in accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in the
Schedule to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and consultants' services required for
Parts A and B of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to
the Development Credit Agreement.
      Section 2.03. BCRM shall carry out the obligations set forth
in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land aquisi-
tion, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement and Parts A
and B of the Project.
      Section 2.04. BCRM shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Subsidiary Credit Agreement. Except as the Association
shall otherwise agree, BCRM shall not take or concur in any action
which would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or
waiving the Subsidiary Credit Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) BCRM shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of Parts A and B of the Project, the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Credit
Agreement, and other matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   BCRM shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of Parts A and B of the Project, the accomplishment of the
purposes of the Credit, or the performance by BCRM of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Credit
Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                 Management and Operations of BCRM
      Section 3.01. BCRM shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial and
banking practices under the supervision of qualified and experienced
management assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. BCRM shall at all times operate and maintain its
machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to time,
Page  3
promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals thereof,
all in accordance with sound engineering and financial practices.
      Section 3.03. BCRM shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Association for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as
shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) BCRM shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition, including separate records
and accounts in respect of Parts A and B of the Project.
      (b)   BCRM shall:
            (i)    have its records, accounts and financial
                   statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                   and expenses and related statements) and records
                   and accounts for the BCRM Special Account, for
                   each fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                   appropriate auditing principles consistently
                   applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                   the Association;
           (ii)    furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                   but in any case not later than six months after
                   the end of each such year, (A) certified copies
                   of its financial statements for such year as so
                   audited, and (B) the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Association shall have reasonably
                   requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Association such other
                   information concerning said records, accounts
                   and financial statements as well as the audit
                   thereof, as the Association shall from time to
                   time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, BCRM shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the
                  Association has received the audit report for the
                  fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from the
                  Credit Account or payment out of the BCRM Special
                  Account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the audit referred to in paragraph
                  (b) (i) of this Section and that the report of
                  such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
Page  4
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of BCRM thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of
the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                  Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
                  terms; or
           (ii)   the date fifteen years after the date of this
                  Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify BCRM of
this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      For BCRM:
            Banque Centrale de la Republique
              Malgache
            B.P. 550
            Antananarivo
            Madagascar
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  BACEREMA                  22-266 BCRM-MG
                  Antananarivo
Page  5
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of BCRM, or by BCRM on behalf of the Borrower
under the Development Credit Agreement, may be taken or executed by
the Governor or such other person or persons as the Governor shall
designate in writing, and BCRM shall furnish to the Association
sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                  BANQUE CENTRALE DE LA REPUBLIQUE MALGACHE
                  By /s/ Gaston Ravelojaona
                                         Authorized Representative
                             SCHEDULE
                      Implementation Program
1.    Project Coordination
      BCRM shall maintain in functions, at all times, a Project
coordinator with responsibilities, qualifications and experience
satisfactory to the Association. Said coordinator shall be
responsible for the overall coordination and monitoring of Project
activities, including the employment of consultants and the
procurement of equipment, vehicles and supplies, in cooperation with
the Project coordinating officers in the Borrower's Ministries
responsible for budget and finance and CCBEF. BCRM shall ensure that
the Project coordinating officer in CCBEF shall be maintained in
functions at all times, with responsibilities, qualifications and
experience satisfactory to the Association.
2.    Project Review
      (a)   Not later than September 30 of each year, the Borrower
and BCRM shall furnish to the Association for its review and
approval, in respect of the forthcoming year, detailed work programs
(including detailed training programs) and budgets for each Part of
the Project within its jurisdiction. In addition, the Borrower and
BCRM shall furnish to the Association an evaluation report of
Project activities undertaken during the previous twelve-month
period between September 1 and August 31. Said programs, budgets and
report shall be prepared by the Project coordinator and coordinating
officers, referred to in paragraph 1 above, in respect of each Part
of the Project which the Borrower or BCRM is responsible for
carrying out.
      (b)   The Borrower and BCRM shall, not later than Septem-
ber 30, 1994, carry out jointly with the Association and CCBEF a
midterm review of the Project and, soon thereafter, shall implement
Page  6
the recommendations of such a review. In order to facilitate this
review, BCRM shall prepare and furnish to the Association, not later
than four weeks before the scheduled date of this review, a report
of Project activities of such scope and in such detail as the
Association shall have reasonably requested. The review shall cover,
inter alia: (i) overall Project performance against established and
agreed key performance indicators; (ii) an evaluation of progress
under Part C of the Project and of progress up to the point of sale
of state banks under Part D of the Project; (iii) an assessment of
Project sustainability; (iv) an evaluation of consultants' per-
formance; and (v) a review of the organizational changes in BCRM and
CCBEF and streamlining of departmental functions.
