Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2497 MAG
                   Development Credit Agreement
                (Financial Institutions Development
                   Technical Assistance Project)
                              between
                      REPUBLIC OF MADAGASCAR
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                     Dated September 20, 1993
                                           CREDIT NUMBER 2497 MAG
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated September 20, 1993, between REPUBLIC OF
MADAGASCAR (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Borrower has stated in a letter, dated March 3,
1993, its policies and objectives designed to improve the financial
sector in its territories (the Statement of Financial Sector Reform
and Development Policy);
      (C)   the Borrower intends to contract from the Government of
the Swiss Confederation (Switzerland) a grant (the Swiss Grant) in
an amount approximately equivalent to $600,000 to assist in
financing Parts A (c) and A (f) of the Project on the terms and
conditions set forth in an agreement (the Swiss Grant Agreement) to
be entered into between the Borrower and Switzerland;
      (D)   the Borrower intends to contract from the United States
Agency for International Development (USAID) a grant (the USAID
Grant) in an approximate amount of $3,000,000 to assist in financing
Parts A (a) and A (h) of the Project on the terms and conditions set
forth in an agreement (the USAID Grant Agreement) to be entered into
between the Borrower and USAID;
Page  2
      (E)   the Borrower intends to contract from Swedish Agency for
International Technical and Economic Cooperation (BITS) a grant (the
BITS Grant) in an amount not exceeding $500,000 equivalent to assist
in financing Part A (i) of the Project on the terms and conditions
set forth pursuant to arrangements (the BITS Grant Agreement) to be
entered into between the Borrower and BITS;
      (F)   Parts A and B of the Project will be carried out by
Banque Centrale de la Rhungarumlautpublique Malgache (BCRM) with the Borrower's
assistance and, as part of such assistance, the Borrower will make
available to BCRM a portion of the proceeds of the Credit as
provided in this Agreement; and
     WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Project
Agreement of even date herewith between the Association and BCRM;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the
General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to an exchange of letters dated February 9, 1993 and
February 24, 1993 between the Borrower and the Association;
      (b)   "Special Account" means any of the accounts referred to
in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (c)   "BCRM" means Banque Centrale de la Rhungarumlautpublique Malgache,
established and operating pursuant to its Statutes;
      (d)   "BCRM's Statutes" means the statutes of BCRM, set forth
in the Borrower's Ordonnance No. 73-025 dated June 12, 1973, as
amended from time to time;
      (e)   "Project Agreement" means the agreement between the
Association and BCRM, of even date herewith, as the same may be
amended from time to time, and such term includes all schedules and
agreements supplemental to the Project Agreement;
      (f)   "Subsidiary Credit Agreement" means the agreement
entered into between the Borrower and BCRM pursuant to Section 3.01
(b) of this Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time,
and such term includes any schedules to the Subsidiary Credit
Agreement;
      (g)   "CCBEF" means Commission de Contr\1ale des Banques et
Etablissements Financiers, established and operating pursuant to the
Borrower's Ordonnance No. 88-005 dated April 18, 1988, as amended
from time to time; and
      (h)   "BCRM and CCBEF Strategic Development Plans" means the
plan respectively adopted by BCRM and CCBEF in April 1993, with a
view to restructuring and strengthening their departments on a
medium-term basis, and including a human resource and information
technology strategy, as may be amended from time to time with the
approval of the Association.
Page  3
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to four million six hundred thousand Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 4,600,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in the name
of the Borrower's Ministry responsible for finance (the Finance
Special Account) in a commercial bank and a special deposit account
in the name of BCRM (the BCRM Special Account), in BCRM, on terms
and conditions satisfactory to the Association, including
appropriate protection against set-off, seizure or attachment.
Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Accounts shall be
made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance
shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be September 30, 1998 or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one per cent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on June 15 and December 15 in each year.
Page  4
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each June 15 and December 15,
commencing June 15, 2003 and ending December 15, 2032. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on December 15,
2012 shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years, and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association, and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 2.09. BCRM is designated as representative of the
Borrower in respect of Parts A and B of the Project for the purposes
of taking any action required, or permitted to be taken, under the
provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Article V of the
General Conditions.
                           ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and, to this end:
            (i)    shall carry out Part C of the Project, through
                   its Ministry responsible for budget, in
                   cooperation with CCBEF and the Borrower's Ordre
                   des Experts Comptables et Comptables Agrhungarumlauthungarumlauts, and
                   Part D of the Project, through its Ministry
                   responsible for finance, in cooperation with
                   BCRM, with due diligence and efficiency and in
                   conformity with appropriate administrative and
                   financial practices and shall provide, promptly
                   as needed, the funds, facilities, services and
                   other resources required for such Parts of the
                   Project; and
            (ii)   without limitation or restriction upon any of
                   its other obligations under the Development
                   Credit Agreement, the Borrower shall cause BCRM
                   to perform all its obligations set forth in the
                   Project Agreement, shall take or cause to be
Page  5
                   taken all action, including the provision of
                   funds, facilities, services and other resources,
                   necessary or appropriate to enable BCRM to
                   perform such obligations, and shall not take or
                   permit to be taken any action which would
                   prevent or interfere with such performance.
      (b)   The Borrower shall make available to BCRM, on a grant
basis, the portion of the proceeds of the Credit allocated to
Categories (1) (a) and (b) and (2) (a) and (b) of the table set
forth in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement, under a
subsidiary credit agreement to be entered into between the Borrower
and BCRM, under terms and conditions which shall have been approved
by the Association.
      (c)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
Subsidiary Credit Agreement in such manner as to protect the
interests of the Borrower and the Association and to accomplish the
purposes of the Credit and, except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or
waive the Subsidiary Credit Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and consultants' services required for
Parts C and D of the Project, and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit, shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to
this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower and the Association hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of Parts
A and B of the Project shall be carried out by BCRM pursuant to
Section 2.03 of the Project Agreement.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall:
      (a)   maintain in functions, at all times, a coordinating
officer in its Ministry responsible for finance and a coordinating
officer within its Ministry responsible for budget, with responsi-
bilities, qualifications and experience satisfactory to the
Association;
      (b)   prepare, through said coordinating officers, the
programs, budgets and reports with respect to Parts C and D of the
Project, referred to in paragraph 2 of the Schedule to the Project
Agreement, in accordance with the provisions of said paragraph; and
      (c)   participate in the midterm review of the Project
provided for under said paragraph and, soon thereafter, implement
the recommendations of such a review within its jurisdiction.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect, in accordance
with sound accounting practices, the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of the Project of the departments or
agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project or
any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section in respect of
                   Parts C and D of the Project, including those
                   for the Finance Special Account, for each fiscal
                   year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                   auditing principles consistently applied, by
Page  6
                   independent auditors acceptable to the
                   Association;
           (ii)    furnish to the Association, as soon as
                   available, but in any case not later than six
                   months after the end of each such year, a
                   certified copy of the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Association shall have reasonably
                   requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Association such other
                   information concerning said records, accounts
                   and the audit thereof as the Association shall
                   from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                   accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                   records and accounts reflecting such expen-
                   ditures;
           (ii)    retain, until at least one year after the
                   Association has received the audit report for
                   the fiscal year in which the last withdrawal
                   from the Credit Account or payment out of the
                   Finance Special Account was made, all records
                   (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts
                   and other documents) evidencing such expen-
                   ditures;
          (iii)    enable the Association's representatives to
                   examine such records; and
           (iv)    ensure that such records and accounts are
                   included in the annual audit referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                   together with the procedures and internal
                   controls involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   A situation has arisen which shall make it improbable
that the Statement of Financial Sector Reform and Development
Policy, or a significant part thereof, will be carried out.
      (b)   BCRM shall have failed to perform any of its obligations
under the Project Agreement.
      (c)   As a result of events which have occurred after the date
of the Development Credit Agreement, an extraordinary situation
shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that BCRM will be
able to perform its obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (d)   BCRM's Statutes (as revised in accordance with Section
6.01 (b) of this Agreement) shall have been amended, suspended,
abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially and
adversely the operations or financial condition of BCRM or the
ability of BCRM to perform any of its obligations under the Project
Agreement.
Page  7
      (e)   The Borrower's Ordonnance No. 88-005 dated April 18,
1988 portant rhungarumlautglementation bancaire shall have been amended,
suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially
and adversely the ability of CCBEF to carry out its responsibilities
under Part B of the Project.
      (f)   The Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution of BCRM or of CCBEF.
      (g)   (i)    Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph:
                   (A)   the right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                         proceeds of any loan or grant made to the
                         Borrower for the financing of the Project
                         shall have been suspended, cancelled or
                         terminated in whole or in part, pursuant
                         to the terms thereof, or
                   (B)   any such loan shall have become due and
                         payable prior to the agreed maturity
                         thereof.
            (ii)   Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not
                   apply if the Borrower establishes to the
                   satisfaction of the Association that: (A) such
                   suspension, cancellation, termination or
                   prematuring is not caused by the failure of the
                   Borrower to perform any of its obligations under
                   such agreement; and (B) adequate funds for the
                   Project are available to the Borrower from other
                   sources on terms and conditions consistent with
                   the obligations of the Borrower under this
                   Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any event specified in paragraph (b) of Section 5.01 of
this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of sixty
days after notice thereof shall have been given by the Association
to the Borrower and BCRM;
      (b)   any event specified in paragraphs (d), (e) or (f) of
Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur; and
      (c)   the event specified in paragraph (g) (i) (B) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur, subject to the proviso of
subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   the Subsidiary Credit Agreement has been executed on
behalf of the Borrower and BCRM;
      (b)   the Ordonnance setting forth BCRM's revised Statutes, so
as to make BCRM more independent and accountable in its operations,
has been promulgated;
      (c)   the audit report for BCRM's accounts for fiscal year
1992, prepared in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.01 of
the Project Agreement, has been received by the Association; and
      (d)   all conditions precedent to the effectiveness of the
Swiss Grant Agreement, the USAID Grant Agreement and the BITS Grant
Agreement have been fulfilled, other than those related to the
Page  8
effectiveness of this Agreement.
      Section 6.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association:
      (a)   that the Project Agreement has been duly authorized or
ratified by BCRM and is legally binding upon BCRM in accordance with
its terms; and
      (b)   that the Subsidiary Credit Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by the Borrower and BCRM and is legally
binding upon the Borrower and BCRM in accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
      Section 6.04. The obligations of the Borrower under Section
4.01 of this Agreement shall cease and determine on the date on
which the Development Credit Agreement shall terminate or on the
date fifteen years after the date of this Agreement, whichever shall
be the earlier.
                            ARTICLE VII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 of this
Agreement, the Minister of the Borrower responsible for finance is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Finance
            Antananarivo
            Madagascar
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   MINFIN                    22489
                   Antananarivo
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         REPUBLIC OF MADAGASCAR
Page  9
                         By /s/ Pierrot Rajaonarivelo
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                         By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                           SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1) Equipment,                                  100% of foreign
    vehicles                                    expenditures and
    and supplies:                               85% of local
                                                expenditures
    (a)  for Part A            1,900,000
         (b), (d),
         (e) and (g)
         of the Project
    (b)  for Part B              150,000
         of the Project
    (c)  for Part C (b)           50,000
         of the Project
                            Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(2) Consultants'                                100%
    services,
    auditing ser-
    vices and
    training:
    (a)  for Part A (b),       1,110,000
         (d), (e) and
         (g) of the
         Project
    (b)  for Part B of           260,000
         the Project
    (c)  for Part C (a)           90,000
         of the Project
    (d)  for Part C (b)          330,000
         of the Project
    (e)  for Part D of           150,000
         the Project
(3) Refunding of Project         260,000        Amounts due pur-
    Preparation Advance                         suant to Section
Page  10
                                                2.02 (c) of this
                                                Agreement
(4) Unallocated                  300,000
                               _________
         TOTAL                 4,600,000
                               =========
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower; and
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made: (a) in respect of payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement; and (b) in respect
of Categories (1) (c) and (2) (d), until an Ordonnance relative 
l'organisation des professions d'expert comptable et financier et de
comptable agrhungarumlauthungarumlaut et 
 la restructuration de l'ordre groupant les
membres de ces professions, with contents satisfactory to the
Association, has been promulgated.
                           SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to facilitate investment and
growth in the productive sectors by improving the functioning of the
Borrower's financial system.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     BCRM
      Strengthening BCRM's capacity to formulate and execute
monetary policy through:
      (a)   the development of its Research Department in the
carrying out of specific data analysis and policy functions;
      (b)   the improvement of open market operations;
      (c)   the improvement of information and accounting systems in
the management of foreign exchange and treasury operations;
      (d)   a more efficient management of bank notes and coins and
of payment system operations;
      (e)   the introduction of improved accounting systems and
procedures to better monitor and control accounting functions;
      (f)   the establishment and operation of an internal audit
unit with responsibilities separate from those linked with
prudential supervision of financial institutions;
      (g)   the improvement of: (i) administration and information
technology systems for developing institutional capabilities; and
(ii) external debt management;
      (h)   the carrying out of a human resource study and
Page  11
development plan for BCRM's staff; and
      (i)   assistance in project management capacity.
Part B:    CCBEF
      Strengthening the supervisory capacities of CCBEF to undertake
prudential supervision of financial institutions, including
systematic on-site inspection of commercial banks.
Part C:     Auditing and Accounting
      (a)   Introduction of international standards of accounting
and disclosure through: (i) the adoption and progressive revision
and improvement of the chart of accounts for banks and financial
institutions (NPCB); and (ii) training and seminars in the financial
sector for NPCB implementation.
      (b)   Facilitating the implementation of the regulatory
framework and of revised regulations to accelerate the development
of the accounting profession, including the admission of appro-
priately qualified accountants, whether Malagasy nationals or not,
and the general application of International Accounting Standards
and International Standards of Auditing throughout the Borrower's
territories, and the training required therefor.
Part D:
      Support to the privatization of state banks.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by March 31, 1998.
                           SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1992 (the Guidelines). For fixed-price contracts, the
invitation to bid referred to in paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines
shall provide that, when contract award is delayed beyond the
original bid validity period, the successful bidder's bid price will
be increased for each week of delay by two predisclosed correction
factors acceptable to the Association, one to be applied to all
foreign currency components and the other to the local currency
component of the bid price. Such an increase shall not be taken into
account in the bid evaluation.
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall be
grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of
$125,000 or more.
3.    Goods to be procured through international competitive bidding
shall be exempted from pre-shipment price inspection by a third
party.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in Madagascar may
be granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject
to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Page  12
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Items or groups of items for goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of $125,000 or less per contract, up to an aggregate
amount equivalent to $600,000, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Association, provided
that the technical and financial bids are simultaneously opened in
public.
2.    Items or groups of items for goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of $50,000 or less per contract, up to an aggregate
amount equivalent to $200,000, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of comparison of price quotations obtained from
at least three suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Association.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $50,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of a Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of a
Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of a Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract, together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association, pursuant to said paragraph 3, shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
1.    (a)   In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out Parts C
and D of the Project and BCRM in carrying out Parts A and B of the
Project, the Borrower and BCRM shall employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of employment
shall be satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be
selected in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory
to the Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981 (the
Consultant Guidelines).
      (b)   The Borrower and BCRM shall assign, before arrival at
duty station, to each resident consultant, and if deemed appropriate
to the Borrower or BCRM and the Association, to any other
consultant, local counterpart staff with qualifications satisfactory
to the Association.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 (a) of this
Section, the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring prior
Association review or approval of budgets, short lists, selection
Page  13
procedures, letters of invitation, proposals, evaluation reports and
contracts shall not apply to contracts estimated to cost less than
$50,000 equivalent each. However, this exception to prior
Association review shall not apply to the terms of reference for
such contracts nor to the employment of individuals, to single
source selection of firms, to assignments of a critical nature as
reasonably determined by the Association and to amendments of
contracts raising the contract value to $50,000 equivalent or above.
                          SCHEDULE 4
                         Special Accounts
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means: (i) Categories (1)
(c) and (2) (c), (d) and (e) in the case of the Finance Special
Account; and (ii) Categories (1) (a) and (b) and (2) (a) and (b) in
the case of the BCRM Special Account, set forth in the table in
paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means: (i) an amount
equivalent to $100,000 for the Finance Special Account, and (ii) an
amount equivalent to $200,000 for the BCRM Special Account, to be
withdrawn from the Credit Account and deposited into the Special
Accounts pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of a Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that a Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into a Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of a Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                  requests for deposits into a Special Account at
                  such intervals as the Association shall specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  a Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                  by said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
Page  14
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of a Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into a Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account, in accordance with the provisions of
Article V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section
2.02 of this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
      Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in a
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of a Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into a Special Account (or,
if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association) an
amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into a Special Account
shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence or made
such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in a Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in a
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraph 6
(a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
