Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2306 HO
           (Energy Sector Structural Adjustment Credit)
                              between
                       REPUBLIC OF HONDURAS
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                      Dated November 5, 1991
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2306 HO
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated November 5, 1991 between REPUBLIC OF HONDURAS
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Association has received a letter dated August
26, 1991 from the Borrower describing a program of actions,
objectives and policies designed to achieve greater efficiency and
higher productivity in the Borrower's energy sector (hereinafter
called the Program), declaring the Borrower's commitment to the
execution of the Program, and requesting assistance from the
Association in the financing of urgently needed imports and services
required during such execution; and
      (B)   on the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing, the
Association has decided in support of the Program to provide such
assistance to the Borrower by making the Credit as hereinafter
provided;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1,
1985, with the modifications thereof set forth below (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)  Section 2.01, paragraph 9, shall be modified to read:
            "'Project' means the imports and other activities that
      may be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit pursuant to
      the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit
      Agreement.";
      (b)   Section 9.06 (c) shall be modified to read:
            "(c)  Not later than six months after the Closing Date
      or such later date as may be agreed for this purpose between
      the Borrower and the Association, the Borrower shall prepare
      and furnish to the Association a report, of such scope and in
      such detail as the Association shall reasonably request, on
      the execution of the Program referred to in the Preamble to
      the Development Credit Agreement, the performance by the
      Borrower and the Association of their respective obligations
      under the Development Credit Agreement and the accomplishment
      of the purposes of the Credit."; and
      (c)   the last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Central Bank" means Banco Central de Honduras, the
Central Bank of the Borrower;
      (b)   "Contract-Plan" means the contract entered into between
the Borrower and ENEE (as such term is hereinbelow defined),
establishing the obligations of the parties thereto in order to
strengthen the operational efficiency of ENEE (as such term is
hereinbelow defined), as approved by Executive Decree No. 5-A-91,
dated January 28, 1991;
      (c)   "ENEE" means Empresa Nacional de Energia Electrica, the
Borrower's power company, established by Decree No. 48, dated
February 20, 1957;
      (d)   "First Tranche" means a portion of the Credit not
exceeding the equivalent of SDR 15,000,000, to be released by the
Association on or after the Effective Date;
      (e)   "OFRAP" means an operational and financial rehabi-
litation action plan established by the Borrower for its energy
sector, as specified in a letter from the Borrower to the
Association dated August 27, 1991;
      (f)   "Lempira" and "L" mean the currency of the Borrower;
      (g)   "NEC" means Comision Nacional de Energia, the National
Energy Commission of the Borrower, established by Executive Decree
No. 43-91, dated September 8, 1991;
      (h)   "PLP" means a plan established by the Borrower for the
liberalization of the petroleum sector, as specified in a letter
from the Borrower to the Association dated September 13, 1991;
Page  3
      (i)   "PURC" means Comision Nacional Supervisora de Servicios
Publicos, the Public Utilities Regulatory Commission of the
Borrower, established by Law No. 85/91, dated July 9, 1991;
      (j)   "Second Tranche" means a portion of the Credit not
exceeding the equivalent of SDR 11,250,000, to be released by the
Association on or after the date on which the conditions referred to
in paragraph 5 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement have been met;
      (k)   "SITC" means the Standard International Trade Classi-
fication, Revision 3 (SITC, Rev. 3), published by the United Nations
in Statistical Papers, Series M, No. 34/Rev. 3 (1986); and
      (l)   "Third Tranche" means a portion of the Credit, not
exceeding the equivalent of SDR 11,250,000, to be released by the
Association on or after the date on which the conditions referred to
in paragraph 6 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement have been met.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to thirty-seven million nine hundred and fifty thousand
Special Drawing Rights (SDR 37,950,000).
      Section 2.02. The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn from
the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1
to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1993
or such later date as the Association shall establish. The
Association shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next date in that year specified in
Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment and service charges shall be payable
semiannually on January 15 and July 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each January 15 and July 15 com-
mencing January 15, 2002 and ending July 15, 2031. Each installment
to and including the installment payable on July 15, 2011 shall be
Page  4
one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each installment
thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due con-
sideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 2.09. (a) The President of the Central Bank is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
taking any action required or permitted to be taken under the
provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Article V of the
General Conditions.
      (b)   Without limitation or restriction to the foregoing,  the
Borrower hereby entrusts the Central Bank with responsibility for
the preparation of withdrawal applications under the Credit and for
the collection of the documents and other evidence to be furnished
to the Association in support of such applications; such withdrawal
applications shall to the extent practicable be consolidated so as
to apply for withdrawal of aggregate amounts of not less than
SDR 200,000 equivalent.
                            ARTICLE III
                       Particular Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and shall carry out the Project with due diligence and
efficiency.
      (b)   The Borrower and the Association shall from time to
time, at the request of either party, exchange views on the progress
achieved in carrying out the Program and the actions specified in
Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (c)   Prior to each such exchange of views, the Borrower shall
furnish to the Association for its review and comment a report on
the progress achieved in carrying out the Program and the actions
specified in Schedule 4 to this Agreement, in such detail as the
Association shall reasonably request.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this
Agreement.
Page  5
      Section 3.03. In order to carry out Part B of the Project, the
Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications, experience
and terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Association. Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association on the
basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank
Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published by
the Bank in August 1981.
      Section 3.04. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and separate accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with consistently maintained sound accounting practices
the expenditures financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the
                  Association;
           (ii)   subject to paragraph (g) of Part I of Schedule 4
                  to this Agreement in relation to the First
                  Tranche, and to paragraph (g) of Part II of such
                  Schedule in relation to the Second Tranche,
                  furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than ninety days after
                  the last withdrawal from the Credit Account has
                  been made under each the First, Second and Third
                  Tranches, a certified copy of the report of the
                  audit by said auditors of the records and
                  accounts in respect of the expenditures financed
                  by the Association under each corresponding
                  First, Second and Third Tranche, of such scope
                  and in such detail as the Association shall have
                  reasonably requested;
          (iii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than four months after
                  the end of each fiscal year, a certified copy of
                  the report of the audit by said auditors, of such
                  scope and in such detail as the Association shall
                  have reasonably requested; and
           (iv)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts and the
                  audit thereof as the Association shall from time
                  to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  separate accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the
                  Association has received the audit report for the
                  fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from the
                  Credit Account was made, all records (contracts,
                  orders, invoices, bills, receipts and other
                  documents) evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the audits referred to in paragraph
Page  6
                  (b) of this Section and that the report of each
                  such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during the corresponding
                  audit period, together with the procedures and
                  internal controls involved in their preparation,
                  can be relied upon to support the related
                  withdrawals.
                            ARTICLE IV
                  Additional Event of Suspension
      Section 4.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   that a situation has arisen which shall make it
improbable that the Program, or a significant part thereof, will be
carried out; and
      (b)   that the manual containing the guidelines for the
operations of, and investments to be made by, ENEE, to be included
in the reforms referred to in Part I (c) of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement, shall have been amended, abrogated or waived, without the
agreement of the Association.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 5.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   that the macroeconomic policy framework of the Borrower
is consistent with the objectives of the Program;
      (b)   that the entities, departments and agencies of the
Borrower are current in the payment of the bills related to the
electricity supplied to them by ENEE after January 1, 1991;
      (c)   that the law establishing PURC shall have been amended
to the satisfaction of the Association; and
      (d)   that the regulations of PURC, satisfactory to the
Association, shall have been issued.
      Section 5.02. The date February 4, 1992 is hereby specified
for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 6.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 (a) of this
Agreement, the Secretario de Estado en el Despacho de Hacienda y
Credito Publico of the Borrower is designated as representative of
the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Secretaria de Estado en el Despacho de
              Hacienda y Credito Publico
            Tegucigalpa, D.C.
            Honduras
            Cable address:                 Telex:
Page  7
                  HACIENDA                   1308 HACIENDA HO
                  Tegucigalpa,
                  Honduras
      With copies to:
            Banco Central de Honduras
            Tegucigalpa, D.C.
            Honduras
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  BANTRAL                   1211-HT BANTRAL
                  Tegucigalpa,
                  Honduras
     For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                  INDEVAS                    197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  REPUBLIC OF HONDURAS
                  By /s/ Jorge Ramon Hernandez Alcerro
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    Subject to the provisions set forth or referred to in this
Schedule, the proceeds of the Credit may be withdrawn from the
Credit Account for expenditures made (or, if the Association shall
so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and
services required during the execution of the Program and to be
financed out of such proceeds, all in accordance with the allocation
of the proceeds set forth in the table below (the Table):
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
Page  8
(1) Imported goods            37,500,000        100% of foreign
    under Part A of                             expenditures
    the Project
(2) Technical Assistance         450,000        100%
    under Part B of the
    Project
       TOTAL                  37,950,000
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule, the term "foreign
expenditures" means expenditures in the currency of any country
other than that of the Borrower for goods supplied from the
territory of any country other than that of the Borrower.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   expenditures for goods included in the following SITC
groups or subgroups, or any successor groups or subgroups under
future revisions to the SITC, as designated by the Association by
notice to the Borrower:
Group      Subgroup               Description of Items
112            -                   Alcoholic beverages
121            -                   Tobacco, unmanufactured,
                             tobacco refuse
122            -                   Tobacco, manufactured (whether
                                   or not containing tobacco
                                   substitutes)
525            -                   Radioactive and associated
                                   materials
667            -                   Pearls, precious and semi-
                                   precious stones, unworked or
                                   worked
718         718.7                  Nuclear reactors, and parts
                                   thereof, fuel elements
                                   (cartridges), nonirradiated for
                                   nuclear reactors
897         897.3                  Jewelry of gold, silver or
                                   platinum group metals (except
                                   watches and watch cases) and
                                   goldsmiths' or silversmiths'
                                   wares (including set gems)
971           -                    Gold, nonmonetary (excluding
                                   gold ores and concentrates)
      (b)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement, except that withdrawals in an aggregate amount not
exceeding the equivalent of SDR 7,500,000 may be made on account of
payments made for such expenditures before that date but after
May 15, 1991;
      (c)   expenditures for goods procured under contracts costing
less than $10,000 equivalent;
      (d)   expenditures for goods supplied under a contract which
any national or international financing institution or agency other
than the Association shall have financed or agreed to finance;
      (e)   expenditures for goods intended for a military or para-
military purpose or for luxury consumption; and
Page  9
      (f)   expenditures for crude oil imports in amounts which
shall exceed the equivalent of 25% of the amount of the Credit
allocated under Category (1) of the Table.
4.    Withdrawals for expenditures under contracts for the
procurement of goods estimated to cost the equivalent of less than
$1,000,000 may be permitted by the Association upon the basis of
statements of expenditure under such terms and conditions as the
Association shall specify.
5.    No withdrawal shall be made and no commitment shall be entered
into to pay amounts to or on the order of the Borrower in respect of
expenditures to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated to Category (1) of the Table after the aggregate of the
proceeds of the Credit withdrawn from the Credit Account under
Category (1) of the Table and the total amount of such commitments
shall have reached the equivalent of SDR 15,000,000, unless the
Association shall be satisfied, after an exchange of views as
described in Section 3.01 of this Agreement based on evidence
satisfactory to the Association: (a) with the progress achieved by
the Borrower in the carrying out of the Program; (b) that the
actions described in Part I of Schedule 4 to this Agreement have
been taken in form and substance satisfactory to the Association;
and (c) that the macroeconomic policy framework of the Borrower is
consistent with the objectives of the Program.
6.    No withdrawal shall be made and no commitment shall be entered
into to pay amounts to or on the order of the Borrower in respect of
expenditures to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated to Category (1) of the Table, after the aggregate of the
proceeds of the Credit withdrawn from the Credit Account under
Category (1) of the Table and the total amount of such commitments
shall have reached the equivalent of SDR 26,250,000, unless the
Association shall be satisfied, after an exchange of views as
described in Section 3.01 of this Agreement based on evidence
satisfactory to the Association: (a) with the progress achieved by
the Borrower in the carrying out of the Program; (b) that the
actions described in Parts I and II of Schedule 4 to this Agreement
have been taken in form and substance satisfactory to the
Association; and (c) that the macroeconomic policy framework of the
Borrower is consistent with the objectives of the Program.
7.    If, after the exchange of views described in paragraphs 5 and
6 above, the Association shall have given notice to the Borrower
that the progress achieved in the carrying out of the Program or the
actions taken pursuant to Schedule 4 to this Agreement are not
satisfactory, or that the macroeconomic policy framework of the
Borrower is not consistent with the objectives of the Program, and,
within 90 days after such notice, the Borrower shall not have
achieved progress and taken actions satisfactory to the Association,
or the Borrower's macroeconomic policy framework continues to be not
consistent with the objectives of the Program, then the Association
may, by notice to the Borrower, cancel the unwithdrawn amount of the
Credit or any part thereof.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objective of the Project is to support the carrying out of
the Program.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Association and the Borrower may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Imports
      Importation of goods in support of the Program.
Part B:     Technical Assistance
Page  10
      The provision of technical assistance for:
      (a)   negotiating with bidders contracts for the exploration
of oil and gas in the territory of the Borrower and establishing the
monitoring system for such exploration;
      (b)   the carrying out of a study to investigate the inter-
fuel substitution in the territory of the Borrower;
      (c)   the implementation of the PLP; and
      (d)   the preparation of draft regulations for environmental
protection in oil and gas exploration activities.
                           *     *     *
      The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1993.
                            SCHEDULE 3
                            Procurement
1.    Except as provided in paragraphs 2 and 3 of this Schedule,
contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of $5,000,000 or more each shall be awarded through
international competitive bidding in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines), subject to the
following modifications:
      (a)   Paragraph 2.8 of the Guidelines is deleted and the
following is substituted therefor:
      "2.8 Notification and Advertising
            The international community should be notified in a
      timely manner of the opportunity to bid. This will be done by
      advertising invitations to apply for inclusion in a bidder's
      invitation list, to apply for prequalification, or to bid;
      such advertisements should be placed in at least one newspaper
      of general circulation in the Borrower's country and, in
      addition, in at least one of the following forms:
            (i)   a notice in the United Nations publication,
                  Development Forum, Business Edition; or
           (ii)   an advertisement in a newspaper, periodical or
                  technical journal of wide international
                  circulation; or
          (iii)   a notice to local representatives of countries
                  and territories referred to in the Guidelines,
                  that are potential suppliers of the goods
                  required."
      (b)   The following is added at the end of paragraph 2.21 of
the Guidelines:
            "As a further alternative, bidding documents may require
      the bidder to state the bid price in a single currency widely
      used in international trade and specified in the bidding
      documents."
      (c)
Paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines are deleted.
 
2.    Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of less than $5,000,000 may be awarded:
      (a)   by purchasers required to follow the Borrower's public
Page  11
procurement procedures for the importation of goods, on the basis of
such procedures, provided that such contracts shall be awarded to
the lowest evaluated bidder, without taking into account, in the
evaluation, financial costs for foreign exchange components, and
that such procedures shall have been found acceptable by the
Association;
      (b)   by other purchasers, in accordance with established
commercial practice, except that direct contracting procedures
acceptable to the Association may be used where considered
appropriate under paragraph 3.5 of the Guidelines; and
      (c)   by any purchasers, subject to the provisions of
paragraph 3 below, in respect of the supply of commodities, on the
basis of evaluation and comparison of quotations obtained from more
than one supplier.
3.    Subject to the prior approval of the Association, commonly
traded commodities may be procured through organized international
commodity markets or other channels of competitive procurement
acceptable to the Association, in accordance with procedures
acceptable to the Association.
4.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraph 1 of
this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association, prior
to the submission to the Association of the first application for
withdrawal of funds from the Credit Account in respect of such
contract, two conformed copies of such contract, together with the
analysis of the respective bids and recommendations for award, a
description of the advertising and tendering procedures followed and
such other information as the Association shall reasonably request.
5.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraphs 2 and
3 of this Schedule costing the equivalent of more than $1,000,000,
the Borrower shall furnish to the Association, prior to the
submission to the Association of the first application for
withdrawal of funds from the Credit Account in respect thereof, such
documentation and information as the Association may reasonably
request to support withdrawal applications in respect of such
contract.
6.    The provisions of the preceding paragraph 5 of this Schedule
shall not apply to contracts on account of which the Association has
authorized withdrawals from the Credit Account on the basis of
statements of expenditure.
                            SCHEDULE 4
              Actions Referred to in Paragraphs 5 (b)
             and 6 (b) of Schedule 1 to this Agreement
I.    Actions Referred to in Paragraph 5 (b) of Schedule 1 to this
      Agreement:
      (a)   a study to investigate the consequences of inter-fuel
substitution in the territory of the Borrower, under terms of
reference satisfactory to the Association, has been completed and
furnished to the Association;
      (b)   guidelines to be applied by PURC for the power sub-
sector of the Borrower, satisfactory to the Association, have been
issued;
      (c)   the functions and activities of NEC and PURC are being
carried out pursuant to Executive Decree No. 43-91, of September 18,
1991, and Law No. 85/91, of July 9, 1991, respectively, and to the
regulations and the guidelines for the power sub-sector issued
pursuant thereto;
      (d)   an action plan, containing the reforms to be implemented
by the Borrower in the power subsector, based on the results of a
study on institutional reforms to be carried out under terms of
Page  12
reference satisfactory to the Association, has been furnished by the
Borrower to the Association;
      (e)   progress has been achieved in the implementation of
OFRAP, including the Contract-Plan;
      (f)   increases in the electricity tariff have been made so
that ENEE's average tariff level not less than 90% of ENEE's long-
run marginal costs, provided, however, that no tariff category has
been set at a level of less than 80% of ENEE's long-run marginal
costs, with the exception of residential consumers of 300 Kwh or
less per month;
      (g)   progress has been achieved in the implementation of PLP;
      (h)   a certified copy of the audit report referred to in
Section 3.04 (b) (ii) of this Agreement in respect of the expen-
ditures financed out of the proceeds of the First Tranche has been
furnished to the Association;
      (i)   the consultants required to assist the Borrower in: (a)
negotiating with bidders contracts for the exploration of oil and
gas in the territory of the Borrower; (b) establishing the
monitoring system for such exploration; and (c) implementing the
PLP, have been hired; and
      (j)   draft regulations to Decree No. 194/84, of the Borrower,
dated October 31, 1984, satisfactory to the Association, taking into
account the need to protect the environment from the effects of the
exploration of oil and gas in the territory of the Borrower, have
been furnished to the Association.
II.   Actions Referred to in Paragraph 6 (b) of Schedule 1 to this
      Agreement:
      (a)   all subsidies expressly designated for electricity
consumption have been eliminated;
      (b)   the functions and activities of NEC and PURC are being
carried out pursuant to Executive Decree No. 43-91, of September 18,
1991, and Law No. 85/91, of July 9, 1991, respectively, and to the
regulations and the guidelines for the power subsector issued
pursuant thereto;
      (c)   the reforms in the power subsector have been implemented
by the Borrower and ENEE, pursuant to the action plan referred to in
Part I (d) of this Schedule;
      (d)   further progress has been achieved in the implementation
of OFRAP, including the Contract-Plan;
      (e)   increases in the electricity tariffs have been made so
that ENEE's average tariff level is at least equal to the long-run
marginal costs of supplying electricity by ENEE, provided, however,
that no tariff category has been set at a level of less than 90% of
the long-run marginal cost applicable to such category of customer,
with the exception of residential consumers of 300 Kwh or less per
month;
      (f)   PLP has been implemented;
      (g)   certified copies of the audit reports referred to in
Section 3.04 (b) (ii) of this Agreement in respect to the expen-
ditures financed out of the proceeds of the First and the Second
Tranches have been furnished to the Association;
      (h)   the regulations referred to in Part I (j) of this
Schedule have been issued; and
      (i)   an action plan, based on the results of the study
referred to in Part I (a) of this Schedule, has been furnished by
the Borrower to the Association.
Page  13
      For the purpose of Parts I (f) and II (e) of this Schedule,
and unless the Association shall otherwise agree, the following
average values (expressed in June, 1991 dollars) shall be utilized
as the ENEE's long-run marginal costs of providing electricity:
           (i)   $80 per megawatt hour for low voltage;
           (ii)   $59 per megawatt hour for mid voltage; and
          (iii)   $47 per megawatt hour for high voltage.
