Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3518 ME
                    (Initial Education Project)
                              between
                       UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                       Dated October 8, 1992
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3518 ME
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated October 8, 1992, between UNITED MEXICAN
STATES (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Nacional Financiera, S.N.C. (the
Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasibility and priority
of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, have
requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the Project; and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to eighty million dollars
($80,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that the Guarantor agree to
guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of such loan
and to undertake such other obligations as provided in this
Agreement; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower and to undertake such
other obligations as provided in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth in Section 1.01 of the Loan Agreement (the
General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions, in the Preamble to
this Agreement and in the Preamble to and Section 1.02 of the Loan
Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and the
following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Modules" means groups of ten Community Educators
supervised by a common Module Supervisor; and
      (b)   "Training Leaders" means SEP and SPES technical
personnel trained for the purposes of the Project as set forth in
paragraph 1.7 of Annex 1 to the letter agreement of even date
herewith between the Bank and the Guarantor.
                            ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project in
conjunction with the Project States in accordance with the covenants
herein and the Annexes to the letter agreement of even date herewith
between the Bank and the Guarantor, with due diligence and
efficiency, and in conformity with appropriate educational,
financial and administrative standards and practices. Without
limitation or restriction upon any of its other obligations under
the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor hereby unconditionally
guarantees, as primary obligor and not as surety merely, the due and
punctual payment of the principal of, and interest and other charges
on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on the prepayment of the
Loan, and the punctual performance of all the other obligations of
the Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.02. The Guarantor shall provide, in a timely manner
as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources
required for the Project.
                            ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. The Guarantor shall enter into the contractual
arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 of the Loan Agreement and,
except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, shall not change or fail
to enforce any provisions of such contractual arrangements.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. For the purpose of the participation by the
Project States in the execution of the Project, the Guarantor,
through SEP, shall enter into an agreement with each of the Project
Page  3
States on terms and conditions acceptable to the Bank and which
shall include the provisions set forth in Annex 4 to the letter
agreement of even date herewith between the Bank and the Guarantor.
The Guarantor shall not amend, terminate or waive the provisions of
any of said agreements without the prior approval of the Bank.
      Section 3.04. By the end of three years after the Effective
Date, the Guarantor shall carry out, or shall cause to be carried
out, a thorough evaluation of the Operating Handbooks, the Parent's
Guidebook and the radio programs used in the Initial Education
Program and shall make such revisions thereto as shall be necessary.
      Section 3.05. The Guarantor shall ensure that the educational
management information system described in paragraph 3.3 of Annex 1
to the letter agreement of even date herewith between the Bank and
the Guarantor shall be fully operational by December 31, 1993 and
that it shall be designed by consultants whose qualifications,
experience and term of reference shall be acceptable to the Bank.
      Section 3.06. The Guarantor shall ensure that Community
Educators will receive, in timely manner, a monthly compensation of
at least $50 equivalent and that Module Supervisors and Zone
Coordinators will receive, in timely manner, a monthly supervision
travel allowance of, respectively, $60 equivalent and $50
equivalent, and that these rates will have been put into effect by
June 30, 1993.  The Guarantor shall, by no later than March 31,
1993, prepare a plan satisfactory to the Bank on how to provide the
compensation and allowances referred to in this Section.
      Section 3.07. The Guarantor shall establish within SEP a
Project Coordination Unit, reporting to the Central Initial
Education Unit, to be in charge of overall coordination of Project
activities, consolidating annual work plans, preparing the
information for the mid-term and annual reviews referred to Sections
3.09 and 3.10 of this Agreement, maintaining liaison with SPES, and
continuous monitoring of Project activities in coordination with the
Central Initial Education Unit and the State Initial Education
Units. The organizational structure, role, and staffing plan,
including terms of reference and hiring timetable covering all key
personnel of the PCU, and the institutional and operational
arrangements between the PCU, the Central Initial Education Unit and
the States Initial Education Units shall at all times be
satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 3.08. In order to assist the Central Initial Education
Unit and the PCU in verifying that Project implementation proceeds
in accordance with national policy and the provisions of the Loan
and Guarantee Agreements, and to assure the necessary support and
cooperation from all sectors and departments of SEP involved in
activities related to the Project, the Guarantor shall establish and
maintain in operation throughout the duration of the Project a
technical advisory council the terms of reference and composition of
which shall be acceptable to the Bank.
      Section 3.09. Without limitation upon the provisions of
Section 9.01 of the General Conditions, the Guarantor shall, through
the PCU:
      (a)   no later than October 31 of each year, starting in 1993,
hold annual reviews with the Bank on the progress of the Project and
shall, for that purpose, provide the Bank, by no later than
September 30 of each year, with a progress report of such scope and
detail as the Bank may reasonably request;
      (b)   include in each progress report referred to in paragraph
(a) above: (i) a comparison of actual performance with the
monitoring indicators and implementation targets set forth in Annex
3 to the letter agreement of even date herewith between the Bank and
the Guarantor; (ii) the results and recommendations of the annual
reviews referred to in Section 3.12 of this Agreement; (iii)
evidence satisfactory to the Bank of timely payment of Community
Educators' compensation as set forth in Section 3.06 of this
Page  4
Agreement; (iv) a review of the adequacy and timeliness of funding
for all Project activities; and (v) the matters specified in
paragraph 4.1 of Annex 1 to the letter agreement of even date
herewith between the Bank and the Guarantor; and
      (c)   if, as a result of any of the annual reviews, progress
in the execution of the Project or the achievement of its objectives
is not satisfactory to the Bank, the Guarantor shall, after an
exchange of views with the Bank, promptly take all such remedial
action as shall be necessary to correct such situation.
      Section 3.10. The Guarantor, through SEP, shall:
      (a)   by April 30, 1995, furnish to the Bank for its review
and approval terms of reference for the mid-term review referred to
in paragraph (b) below, such terms of reference to be based on the
progress review criteria and implementation indicators agreed with
the Bank;
      (b)   by October 31, 1995: (i) conduct jointly with the Bank
an in-depth mid-term review of the Project under terms of reference
satisfactory to the Bank; (ii) furnish to the Bank for its review
and comments a report on the results of the mid-term review; and
(iii) by November 30, 1995 adopt, and thereafter carry out, an
action plan satisfactory to the Bank taking into account the results
of the mid-term review.
      Section 3.11. The Guarantor shall carry out, or shall cause to
be carried out, the obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05,
9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions (relating
respectively to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and
schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land acquisition)
with regard to the Project.
      Section 3.12. The Guarantor shall commission annual quality
control reviews regarding Project implementation from independent
research centers or consulting firms not directly associated with
the execution of the Project.
      Section 3.13. Apart from the at least three Participation
Agreements with Project States to be entered into pursuant to
Section 6.01 (b) of the Loan Agreement, the Guarantor shall:  (a)
enter into Participation Agreements with other Project States by no
later than June 30, 1993 so that by said date at least 70% of all
Project States have entered into Participation Agreements; and (b)
enter into Participation Agreements with all remaining Project
States by no later than December 31, 1993.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Guarantor shall maintain records and
separate accounts adequate to reflect, in accordance with sound
accounting practices, the operations, resources and expenditures of
SEP (including the PCU) in connection with the execution of the
Project.
      (b)   The Guarantor shall:
            (i)    have the records and account referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section, for each fiscal
                   year audited, in accordance with generally
                   accepted auditing standards and procedures
                   consistently applied, by independent and
                   qualified auditors;
           (ii)    furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year, the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
Page  5
          (iii)    furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records and accounts as well as
                   the audit thereof as the Bank shall from time to
                   time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Guarantor shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the Bank
                  has received the audit report for the fiscal year
                  in which the last withdrawal from the Loan
                  Account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Bank's representatives to examine such
                  records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
     (d) The Guarantor shall provide to the Borrower any information
that may be required by the Borrower to comply with the Borrower's
obligations under Section 4.01 of the Loan Agreement.
                             ARTICLE V
            Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 5.01. The Director General de Captacion de Credito
Externo of the Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico of the
Guarantor is designated as representative of the Guarantor for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 5.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico
            Direccion General de Captacion de Credito Externo
            Palacio Nacional
            Patio Central, piso 4
            Despacho 4025
            06066 Mexico, D.F.
            Mexico
            Fax:                          Telex:
                  522-7550                        1777313 SHDCME
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
Page  6
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in Mexico, D.F., United Mexican
States, as of the day and year first above written.
                        UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                        By /s/ Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de Leon
                                         Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                          RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                        By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                             SCHEDULE
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1992 (the Guidelines).
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall each be
grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of
$250,000 or more.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in Mexico may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Items or groups of items for equipment and furniture estimated
to cost the equivalent of more than $50,000 but less than $250,000
equivalent per contract or per bid package, up to an aggregate
amount equivalent to $500,000, and items or groups of items for
educational materials and supplies, estimated to cost the equivalent
of more than $50,000 but less than $250,000 equivalent per contract
or per bid package, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to
$5,400,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
2.    Items or groups of items for educational materials and
Page  7
supplies, estimated to cost the equivalent of $50,000 or less per
contract or per bid package, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to
$2,500,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
comparison of price quotations obtained from at least three
suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, or on the basis of direct
contracting if appropriate under paragraph 3.5 of the Guidelines, in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Bank.
Part D:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract procured under Part A.1 of
this Section and the first contract for equipment and furniture and
for educational materials and supplies, procured under Part C.1 of
this Section, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said
paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Bank prior to the making
of the first payment out of the Special Account in respect of such
contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, said procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals are to be
made on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 20% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Part E:     Standard Documents
      All procurement for goods, whether or not international
competitive bidding applies, shall take place using standard bidding
documents which are satisfactory to the Bank.
Section II. Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Guarantor in carrying out the Project,
the Guarantor shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Bank. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World
Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published
by the Bank in August 1981.
