Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2579 LA
           (Luang Namtha Provincial Development Project)
                              between
                 LAO PEOPLE'S DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        Dated May 18, 1994
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2579 LA
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated May 18, 1994, between  LAO PEOPLE'S
DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC (the "Borrower") and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the "Association").
      WHEREAS: (A) The Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project; and
      WHEREAS: (B) The Project, other than Part B (1) thereof, will
be carried out by the Province of Luang Namtha ("PLN") with the
Borrower's assistance and, as part of such assistance, the Borrower
will make available to PLN a portion of the proceeds of the Credit
as provided in this Agreement;
      WHEREAS: (C) Part B (1) of the Project will be carried out by
the Borrower's National Water Supply Enterprise ("Nampapa Lao") with
the Borrower's assistance and, as part of such assistance, the
Borrower will make available to Nampapa Lao a portion of the
proceeds of the Credit as provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS: (D) The Association has agreed, on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon
the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the
Page  2
Project Agreement of even date herewith between the Association and
PLN.
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows.
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January
1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the
"General Conditions") constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a) "Central Bank" means the Borrower's Banque Centrale Lao,
established and operating pursuant to the Borrower's Prime
Ministerial Decree No. 95/PM, dated June 22, 1993;
      (b) "DCTPC" means PLN's Department of Communication,
Transport, Post and Construction;
      (c) "Financing Agreement" means the agreement to be entered
into between the Borrower and Nampapa Lao for the purposes of
carrying out Part B (1) of the Project, pursuant to the provisions
of Sub-sections 3.01 (d) and (e) of this Agreement;
      (d) "Fiscal Year" means the twelve (12)-month period
corresponding to any of the Borrower's and PLN's financial years,
which period commences on October 1 and ends on September 30 in each
calendar year, and the term "Fiscal Years" means collectively each
of said Fiscal Year;
      (e) "Kip" means the unit of currency of the Borrower;
      (f) "MCTPC" means the Borrower's Ministry of Communication,
Transport, Post and Construction;
      (g) "Nampapa Lao" means the Borrower's National Water Supply
Enterprise, established and operating under the MCTPC pursuant to
Decree No. 021/CBLC of the Borrower's Central Business Leading
Committee, dated February 18, 1987, and charged with the
responsibility of developing and operating the Borrower's urban
water supply;
      (h) "PCMU" means the Planning, Coordination and Monitoring
Unit to be established by PLN within the office of PLN's Provincial
Governor, pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.02 of the Project
Agreement (as such term is defined in hereinafter);
      (i) "PLN" means the province of Luang Namtha, an
administrative sub-division of the Borrower, as established pursuant
to the Decision No. 19/PB of the Borrower's Politbureau of the
Central Party on the Appointed Committee of the Party Administration
of Luang Namtha Province, dated June 15, 1983;
      (j) "Project Agreement" means the agreement between the
Association and PLN, of even date herewith, as the same may be
amended from time to time, and such term includes all schedules and
agreements supplemental to the Project Agreement; and
      (k) "Special Account" means the account referred to in Section
2.02 (b) of this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
Page  3
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in this
Agreement, an amount in various currencies equivalent to seven
million one hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR7,100,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b) The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project, open
and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in the Banque pour
le Commerce Exterieure Lao on terms and conditions satisfactory to
the Association, including appropriate protection against set-off,
seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 2001, or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a)  The Borrower shall pay to the Association
a commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b) The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above.  The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c) The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places as
the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restrictions
of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower; and
(iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for the purposes
of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other eligible
currency or currencies as may from time to time be designated or
selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one per cent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on March 1 and September 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each March 1 and September 1
commencing September 1, 2004 and ending March 1, 2034. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on March 1,
2014, shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
      (b) Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded seven
hundred and ninety dollars ($790) in constant 1985 dollars for five
consecutive years, and (ii) the Bank shall consider the Borrower
creditworthy for Bank lending, the Association may, subsequent to
Page  4
the review and approval thereof by the Executive Directors of the
Association and after due consideration by them of the development
of the Borrower's economy, modify the terms of repayment of
installments under paragraph (a) above by requiring the Borrower to
repay twice the amount of each such installment not yet due until
the principal amount of the Credit shall have been repaid. If so
requested by the Borrower, the Association may revise such
modification to include, in lieu of some or all of the increase in
the amounts of such installments, the payment of interest at an
annual rate agreed with the Association on the principal amount of
the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time to time, provided
that, in the judgment of the Association, such revision shall not
change the grant element obtained under the above-mentioned
repayment modification.
      (c) If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant to
paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the Borrower's
economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the Association
may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the terms of
repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as provided in
paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, without any limitation or restriction
upon any of its other obligations under this Agreement, shall cause
PLN to carry out the Project (except Part B (1) thereof) and perform
in accordance with the provisions of the Project Agreement all the
obligations of PLN therein set forth, shall cause Nampapa Lao to
carry out Part B (1) of the Project and perform in accordance with
the provisions of the Financing Agreement all obligations of Nampapa
Lao therein set forth, shall take or cause to be taken all action,
including the provision of funds, facilities, services and other
resources, necessary or appropriate to enable PLN and Nampapa Lao to
perform their respective obligations, and shall not take or permit
to be taken any action which would prevent or interfere with such
performance.
            (b) For the purpose of carrying out Part B (1) of the
Project, the Borrower shall, under a Financing Agreement to be
entered into between the Borrower and Nampapa Lao and which shall be
acceptable to the Association: (i) make available to Nampapa Lao,
out of its own resources, a budgetary contribution in an aggregate
amount of at least seven hundred and thirty thousand dollars
($730,000) equivalent; and (ii) relend to Nampapa Lao from the
proceeds of the Credit an amount equal to the equivalent of four
hundred and ninety thousand dollars ($490,000) allocated to Part B
(1) of the Project (said amount being hereinafter referred to as the
"Sub-loan"), under terms and conditions which shall have been
approved by the Association, including, inter alia:
            (A) the Sub-loan shall be denominated in kips and the
principal amount of the Sub-loan repayable by Nampapa Lao to the
Borrower shall be the equivalent in Kip of the outstanding principal
(in dollars) of the Sub-loan as valued at the official rate of
exchange as determined by the Central Bank on the respective dates
on which the proceeds of the Sub-loan are repaid by Nampapa Lao;
            (B) Nampapa Lao shall pay interest on the principal
amount of the Sub-loan withdrawn and outstanding from time to time
at a rate of six percent (6%) per annum; and
            (C) Nampapa Lao shall repay the Sub-loan on the basis of
Page  5
semi-annual installments over a period not to exceed twenty-five
(25) years, inclusive of a grace period of five (5) years.
            (c) The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
Financing Agreement in such a manner as to protect the interests of
the Borrower and the Association, and to accomplish the objectives
of the Project, and, except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, the Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive the
Financing Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 3.02. The Borrower shall take all action necessary to
ensure that the road construction and rehabilitation works, to be
carried out under Parts (A) (1) and (2) of the Project,
respectively, shall be carried out in a manner which ensures that
any adverse environmental impact is effectively mitigated in a
timely manner which is acceptable to the Association.
      Section 3.03. Not later than June 1, 1994, the Borrower shall:
      (a) cause MCTPC to employ and thereafter assign to the PCMU a
resident road engineer with functions and qualifications and terms
of employment satisfactory to the Association for the purposes of
assisting in supervising the overall implementation of the Project;
      (b) cause MCTPC to employ and thereafter assign to the DCTPC
a construction materials technician, with functions and
qualifications and terms of employment satisfactory to the
Association, for the purposes of assisting DCTPC personnel in
construction materials testing and quality control techniques; and
      (c) cause Nampapa Lao to assign to its branch office in PLN a
resident water supply engineer with functions and qualifications and
terms of employment satisfactory to the Association.
      Section 3.04. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project, and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit, shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to the
Project Agreement.
      Section 3.05. The Borrower and the Association hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the
Project shall be carried out by PLN pursuant to Section 2.06 of the
Project Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and separate accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices the operations, resources
and expenditures of Nampapa Lao responsible for carrying out Part B
(1) of the Project, and of PLN, and of the other departments or
agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project
other than Part B (1) thereof.
      (b) The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section including those
                   for the Special Account for each Fiscal Year
                   audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                   principles consistently applied, by independent
                   auditors acceptable to the Association;
            (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as
                   available, but in any case not later than four
                   (4) months after the end of each such year, a
Page  6
                   certified copy of the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Association shall have reasonably
                   requested; and
            (iii)  furnish to the Association such other
                   information concerning said records, accounts
                   and the audit thereof as the Association shall
                   from time to time reasonably request.
      (c) For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                   accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                   records and accounts reflecting such
                   expenditures;
            (ii)   retain, until at least one (1) year after the
                   Association has received the audit report for
                   the Fiscal Year in which the last withdrawal
                   from the Credit Account or payment out of the
                   Special Account was made, all records
                   (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts
                   and other documents) evidencing such
                   expenditures;
            (iii)  enable the Association's representatives to
                   examine such records; and
            (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                   included in the annual audit referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during such Fiscal Year,
                   together with the procedures and internal
                   controls involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a) PLN shall have failed to perform any of its obligations
under the Project Agreement.
      (b) As a result of events which have occurred after the date
of this Agreement, an extraordinary situation shall have arisen
which shall make it improbable that PLN will be able to perform its
obligations under the Project Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely,
that the event specified in Paragraph (a) of Section 5.01 of this
Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of ninety (90)
days after notice thereof shall have been given by the Association
to the Borrower.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following event is specified as an
additional condition to the effectiveness of this Agreement within
Page  7
the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions, namely,
that PLN shall have established the PCMU, pursuant to the provisions
of Section 2.02 of the Project Agreement.
      Section 6.02. The following is specified as an additional
matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association, namely, that the Project Agreement has
been duly authorized or ratified by PLN, and is legally binding upon
PLN in accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
      Section 6.04. The obligations of the Borrower under Articles
III, IV and V of this Agreement shall cease on the date on which
this Agreement shall terminate, or on the date twenty (20) years
after the date of this Agreement, whichever shall be the earlier.
                            ARTICLE VII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 of this
Agreement, the Minister of Finance of the Borrower is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of
the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Minister of Finance
            Ministry of Finance
            Post Office Box No. 46
            Vientiane
            Lao People's Democratic Republic
            Cable address:           Telex:
                   MINFINANCE              4369
                   VIENTIANE               MOF LS
      For the Association:
            International Development
             Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                 248423 (RCA),
                   Washington, D.C.         82987 (FTCC),
                                            64145 (WUI) or
                                           197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         LAO PEOPLE'S DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC
Page  8
                         By         /s/  Hiem Phommachanh
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                         By            /s/ Gautam S. Kaji
                                           Regional Vice President
                                            East Asia and Pacific
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                                Credit              % of
                               Allocated        Expenditures
                             (Expressed in          to be
     Category                SDR Equivalent)      Financed
(1)   Civil works                2,970,000      95%
      under Part A
      of the Project
(2)   Civil works                  652,000      95%
      under Part B
      of the Project
(3)   Vehicles, equip-             620,000      100% of foreign
      ment and materials                        expenditures,
      under Parts A and B                       100% of local
      of the Project except                     expenditures
      Part B (3) thereof                        (ex-factory
                                                cost) and 90%
(4)   Vehicles, equip-             218,000      of local
      ment and materials                        expenditures for
      under Part B (3) of                       other items
      the Project                               procured locally
(5)   Consultants'               1,110,000      100%
      services under
      Part (C) of the
      Project
(6)   Training under Part          320,000      100%
      D of the Project
(7)   Unallocated                1,210,000
                    TOTAL        7,100,000
2. For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a) The term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for goods or
services supplied from the territory of any country other than that
of the Borrower; and
Page  9
      (b) The term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of: (a) payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement; and (b) payments
made for expenditures under Category (4) in respect of Part B (3) of
the Project, unless the Borrower shall have furnished to the
Association evidence, satisfactory to the Association, that PLN has
obtained a minimum contribution amounting to at least one hundred
thousand kips (K100,000) equivalent from each village community in
respect of each water well to be dug and equipped within such
community under Part B (3) of the Project.
4.    The Association may require withdrawals from the Credit
Account to be made on the basis of statements of expenditure for
expenditures under contracts for goods, works and services not
exceeding fifty thousand dollars ($50,000) equivalent, under such
terms and conditions as the Association shall specify by notice to
the Borrower.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objective of the Project is to assist the Borrower in
carrying out a development program in PLN designed to enhance the
water supply and road transport infrastructure and environmental
conditions in PLN and, in particular, to assist PLN's population
improve, inter alia, their: (a) standard of living and health and
life expectancy; (b) access to hospitals, markets, social services
and schools; and (c) level of employment skills
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A: Rural Road Rehabilitation and Construction
1.    Rehabilitating priority areas of the following two (2) roads:
(i) the road from the district of Singh to the sub-district of
Xiangkok, via the district of Long, with an aggregate length of
about seventy-five (75) kilometers; and (ii) the road from the
district of Namtha to the sub-district of Ban Namngeun, with an
aggregate length of about seventy-seven (77) kilometers.
2.    Carrying out a design survey, based on terms of reference
satisfactory to the Association, of a proposed road from the
district of Namtha to the district of Nalae.
3.    Constructing and rehabilitating office premises for DCTPC
personnel.
4.    Provision of survey and materials testing equipment and
vehicles, for the purposes of carrying out the foregoing activities.
Part B: Water Supply and Sanitation Systems Development
1.    Rehabilitating and expanding the water supply facilities in
PLN's district of New Namtha, including constructing and
rehabilitating office premises for the personnel of Nampapa Lao's
provincial office in PLN.
2.    Rehabilitating and expanding the water supply service
facilities in PLN's districts of Old Namtha and Singh, including
installing about thirty (30) standpipes and ten (10) washing
facilities.
3.    Constructing and installing the necessary facilities and
equipment for providing rural water supply in PLN's districts of
Page  10
Viengpuka and Long, including the provision of about one hundred and
fifty (150) wells.
4.    Providing individual water sealed latrines to about two
thousand five hundred (2,500) household compounds located within
PLN's districts of Old Namtha, New Namtha and Singh.
Part C: Institutional Strengthening
1.    Providing technical assistance services to PCMU to strengthen
its capabilities for: (i) undertaking the overall supervision of the
Project; and (ii) assisting PLN's administrative personnel in
planning, budgeting, managing and operating provincial government
road and water supply and sanitation systems.
2.    Providing technical assistance services to strengthen the
capabilities of DCTPC's personnel and PLN's provincial authorities
in maintaining and improving rural roads.
3.    Providing technical assistance services to strengthen the
capabilities of MCTPC's personnel, Nampapa Lao's personnel and PLN's
provincial authorities in developing, supervising, operating and
maintaining water supply and sanitation systems.
Part D: Training (Including Scholarship Programs Abroad)
1.    Training of Nampapa Lao's personnel in managing and
maintaining provincial water supply and sanitation infrastructure.
2.    Training of PLN's and DCTPC's personnel in managing and
maintaining provincial road infrastructure.
3.    Training of PCMU's personnel in provincial, planning
administration and management supervision.
4.    Training of construction industry personnel and staff of local
construction industry contractors in overall construction project
management, cost accounting and procurement.
                        *   *   *  *  *  *
      The Project is expected to be completed by April 30, 2001.
                            SCHEDULE 3
                          Special Account
      1.  For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a) The term "Eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
through (6) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement;
      (b) The term "Eligible Expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the Eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c) The term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to six hundred thousand dollars ($600,000) to be
withdrawn from the Credit Account and deposited in the Special
Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
      2. Payments out of the Special Account shall be made
exclusively for Eligible Expenditures in accordance with the
Page  11
provisions of this Schedule.
      3. After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to
it that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a) For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the Borrower
shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for a deposit
or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the
Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests, the
Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   requests for deposits into the Special Account
                   at such intervals as the Association shall
                   specify.
            (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   the documents and other evidence required
                   pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the
                   payment or payments in respect of which
                   replenishment is requested.  On the basis of
                   each such request, the Association shall, on
                   behalf of the Borrower,  withdraw from the
                   Credit Account and deposit into the Special
                   Account such amount as the Borrower shall have
                   requested and as shall have been shown by said
                   documents and other evidence to have been paid
                   out of the Special Account for Eligible
                   Expenditures.
      All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from
the Credit Account under the respective Eligible Categories, and in
the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by
said documents and other evidence.
      4. For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
Eligible Expenditures.
      5. Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a) If, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b) Once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated
to the Eligible Categories, less the amount of any outstanding
special commitment entered into by the Association pursuant to
Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to the Project,
shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized
Allocation.
      Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the Eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower.  Such further withdrawals shall
be made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for Eligible Expenditures.
Page  12
      6. (a) If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified.  Unless the Association shall
otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Association into the
Special Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such
evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b) If the Association shall have determined at any time that
any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be required
to cover further payments for Eligible Expenditures, the Borrower
shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to the
Association such outstanding amount.
      (c) The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d) Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs 6
(a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
