Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3559 ME
                          Loan Agreement
           (Medium-Size Cities Urban Transport Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                    BANCO NACIONAL DE OBRAS Y
                    SERVICIOS PUBLICOS, S.N.C.
                        Dated June 18, 1993
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3559 ME
                          LOAN AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 18, 1993, between INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and BANCO NACIONAL DE
OBRAS Y SERVICIOS PUBLICOS, S.N.C. (the Borrower).
      WHEREAS (A) the Bank has received from the United Mexican
States (the Guarantor) a document dated August 21, 1992 and entitled
Programa de Vialidad y Transporte Urbano para Ciudades Medias--
Manual de Operacion 1992 (Road and Urban Transport Program for
Medium-Size Cities), which document describes actions, policies and
objectives to improve urban transport systems and management for
medium-size cities in Mexico (the Program);
      (B)   the Guarantor and the Borrower, having been satisfied as
to the feasibility and priority of the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in
the financing of the Project;
      (C)   by an agreement (the Guarantee Agreement) of even date
herewith between the Guarantor and the Bank, the Guarantor has
agreed to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of
the Loan and to undertake such other obligations as set forth in the
Guarantee Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter alia, of the
Page  2
foregoing, to extend the Loan to the Borrower upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth in Schedule 4 to this Agreement (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth,
and the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "CETES" means Certificados de la Tesoreria de la
Federacion (Federal Treasury Certificates), as defined in the
Guarantor's Diario Oficial de la Federacion, dated November 28,
1977, published by the Guarantor;
      (b)   "CETES Rate" means the average annual yield, calculated
monthly, on CETES with maturities of up to one month, issued during
the month in which a CETES Rate is calculated, or such other index
reflecting the cost of funds to the Guarantor as shall be acceptable
to the Guarantor and the Bank;
      (c)   "Grant" means a non-reimbursable cash contribution
provided by the Guarantor to a Subborrower, for a Subproject,
pursuant to Part A.4 of the Project;
      (d)   "ITP" means an Integral Transport Plan, prepared under
terms of reference satisfactory to the Bank and in a manner
consistent with the terms of the Subproject Appraisal Letter (as
hereinafter defined), containing proposals for short- and medium-
term actions and investments for the improvement of urban transport
in a municipality or single urban nucleus comprised of immediately
adjacent municipalities;
      (e)   "Normatividad" means the Normatividad para el Ejercicio
de Creditos Provenientes de Organismos Financieros Internacionales
Destinados a la Banca de Desarrollo y Fondos de Fomento con Apoyos
del Gobierno Federal por Diferenciales Negativos en Tasas de Interes
(Regulations Governing the Use of Loans from International Finance
Institutions to Development Banks and Funds with Assistance from the
Federal Government for Negative Differentials in Interest Rates),
issued by the Guarantor's Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico
(Finance Secretariat) and Secretaria de Programacion y Presupuesto
(Planning and Budgeting Secretariat), by means of Oficio No. 102-B-
049, dated November 18, 1988;
      (f)   "Organic Law" means the Ley Organica of the Borrower
published in the Guarantor's Diario Oficial de la Federacion on
January 20, 1986, as amended to the date of this Agreement;
      (g)   "peso" or "pesos" means the currency of the Guarantor;
      (h)   "PVT Operating Manual" means the Guarantor's manual
entitled Programa de Vialidad y Transporte Urbano para Ciudades
Medias--Manual de Operacion 1992 and dated August 21, 1992, as
amended from time to time by agreement between the Guarantor and the
Bank (the content of the PVT Operating Manual constitutes the
Program);
      (i)   "Review Letter" means the letter of even date herewith,
from the Guarantor and the Borrower to the Bank, describing the
agenda for the annual reviews referred to in Section 4.06 (b) of
this Agreement;
Page  3
      (j)   "SECOGEF" means the Guarantor's General Controllership
of the Federation Secretariat (Secretaria de la Contraloria General
de la Federacion);
      (k)   "SEDESOL" means the Guarantor's Social Development
Secretariat (Secretaria de Desarrollo Social);
      (l)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (m)   "Subborrower" means a state or municipality to which the
Borrower proposes to make or has made a Subloan;
      (n)   "Subloan" means a loan made or proposed to be made by
the Borrower out of the proceeds of the Loan to a Subborrower for a
Subproject;
      (o)   "Subloan Agreement" means an agreement, satisfactory to
the Bank, between the Borrower and a Subborrower, to which the
Guarantor and the state in which the municipality is located (in
cases where a municipality is the Subborrower) or the state's
affected municipalities (in cases where a state is the Subborrower)
shall also be parties, which agreement contains the terms and
conditions of a Subloan;
      (p)   "Subproject" means any of the following activities to be
carried out by a Subborrower utilizing the proceeds of a Subloan
and/or Grant:  (i) preparation of an ITP; (ii) design and execution
of immediate civil works, commenced or to be commenced before
completion of an ITP for the municipal area in question, for
improvement of such area's urban transport system (together with the
acquisition and installation of traffic and parking management
equipment undertaken prior to the completion of such ITP); and (iii)
design and execution of the civil works recommended by an ITP, as
well as execution of the training, technical assistance,
institutional strengthening and research measures and acquisition
and use of equipment recommended by such ITP in support of the
optimal operation of the affected urban transport system; and
      (q)   "Subproject Appraisal Letter" means the letter of even
date herewith, from the Guarantor and the Borrower to the Bank,
describing the requirements for ITPs and appraisals of Subprojects.
                            ARTICLE II
                             The Loan
      Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the Borrower, on the
terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the Loan Agreement,
various currencies that shall have an aggregate value equivalent to
the amount of two hundred million Dollars ($200,000,000), being the
sum of withdrawals of the proceeds of the Loan, with each withdrawal
valued by the Bank as of the date of such withdrawal.
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Loan may be withdrawn from
the Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the Bank shall so
agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and
services required for the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in Dollars a special deposit account in Banco de
Mexico on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Bank. Deposits
into, and payments out of, the Special Account shall be made in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 7 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 2000 or such
later date as the Bank shall establish. The Bank shall promptly
notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a commitment
Page  4
charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per
annum on the principal amount of the Loan not withdrawn from time to
time.
      Section 2.05. (a) The Borrower shall pay interest on the
principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time
to time, at a rate for each Interest Period equal to the Cost of
Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of the preceding
Semester, plus one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%). On each of the
dates specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower
shall pay interest accrued on the principal amount outstanding
during the preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rate
applicable during such Interest Period.
      (b)   As soon as practicable after the end of each Semester,
the Bank shall notify the Borrower and the Guarantor of the Cost of
Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of such Semester.
      (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   "Interest Period" means a six-month period ending
                  on the date immediately preceding each date
                  specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement,
                  beginning with the Interest Period in which this
                  Agreement is signed.
           (ii)   "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the cost, as
                  reasonably determined by the Bank and expressed
                  as a percentage per annum, of the outstanding
                  borrowings of the Bank drawn down after June 30,
                  1982, excluding such borrowings or portions
                  thereof as the Bank has allocated to fund: (A)
                  the Bank's investments; and (B) loans which may
                  be made by the Bank after July 1, 1989 bearing
                  interest rates determined otherwise than as
                  provided in paragraph (a) of this Section.
          (iii)   "Semester" means the first six months or the
                  second six months of a calendar year.
      (d)   On such date as the Bank may specify by no less than six
months' notice to the Borrower and the Guarantor, paragraphs (a),
(b) and (c) (iii) of this Section shall be amended to read as
follows:
            "(a)  The Borrower shall pay interest on the principal
      amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time to
      time, at a rate for each Quarter equal to the Cost of
      Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of the preceding
      Quarter, plus one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%). On each of
      the dates specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement, the
      Borrower shall pay interest accrued on the principal amount
      outstanding during the preceding Interest Period, calculated
      at the rates applicable during such Interest Period."
            "(b)  As soon as practicable after the end of each
      Quarter, the Bank shall notify the Borrower and the Guarantor
      of the Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of
      such Quarter."
            "(c)  (iii) `Quarter' means a three-month period
      commencing on January 1, April 1, July 1 or October 1 in a
      calendar year."
      Section 2.06. Interest and other charges shall be payable
semiannually on April 1 and October 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Loan in accordance with the amortization schedule set forth in
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
Page  5
                     Transfer of Loan Proceeds
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower shall enter into contractual
arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank, with the Guarantor,
providing, inter alia, for:
            (i)   transfer to the Guarantor of the proceeds of the
                  Loan in the same currencies as received from the
                  Bank;
           (ii)   onlending by the Guarantor to the Borrower of the
                  proceeds of the Loan to carry out Parts A.2 and B
                  of the Project under terms and conditions which
                  shall include: (A) funds onlent shall be
                  denominated and repayable in pesos; (B) the
                  interest rate charged on funds shall be equal to
                  the CETES Rate and shall be paid on amounts
                  withdrawn and outstanding on a monthly basis; and
                  (C) principal amounts withdrawn and outstanding
                  shall be repaid semiannually in accordance with
                  the timetable set forth in the Amortization
                  Schedule in Schedule 3 to this Agreement;
          (iii)   provision by the Guarantor to the Borrower, in
                  accordance with the Normatividad and by means of
                  specific annual budgetary allocations, of all
                  amounts required to cover:  (A) the difference,
                  if any, between the CETES Rate and the interest
                  rate charged by the Borrower on Subloans; and (B)
                  financial intermediation and operating costs of
                  the Borrower incurred with regard to Parts A.1,
                  A.3 and A.4 of the Project; and
           (iv)   payment by the Guarantor to the Borrower of all
                  amounts required by the Borrower to pay to the
                  Bank on account of principal, interest and other
                  charges on the proceeds of the Loan.
      (b)   Except as the Bank may otherwise agree, the Borrower
shall not change or fail to enforce the contractual arrangements
referred to in paragraph (a) of this Section. The Borrower shall
exercise its rights under such contractual arrangements in such
manner as to protect the interests of the Borrower and the Bank and
to accomplish the purposes of the Loan.
                            ARTICLE IV
                     Execution of the Project;
             Management and Operations of the Borrower
      Section 4.01. The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, shall: (a) carry out Parts A.2 and B of
the Project and conduct its operations and affairs in accordance
with sound financial and administrative standards and practices,
with qualified management and personnel, and in accordance with the
Organic Law and the Program; and (b) provide or cause to be
provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and
other resources required for it to carry out Parts A.2 and B of the
Project (to this end the Borrower shall, inter alia, maintain in
place throughout Project implementation the number of qualified
permanent staff referred to in Section 7.01 (b) of this Agreement).
      Section 4.02. (a) The Borrower undertakes that, unless the
Bank shall otherwise agree, Subloans will be made in accordance with
the procedures and on the terms and conditions set forth or referred
to in Schedule 5 to this Agreement. Except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not amend or fail to enforce any
provision of a Subloan Agreement.
      (b)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights in relation to
Page  6
each Subproject in such manner as to: (i) protect the interests of
the Bank and the Borrower; (ii) comply with its obligations under
this Agreement; and (iii) achieve the purposes of the Project.
      (c)   The Borrower shall not fail to exercise promptly its
rights set forth in paragraph 2 (f) of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      Section 4.03. The Borrower shall: (a) furnish to the Bank, no
later than sixty days before the beginning of each Subborrower's
fiscal year during Project execution, an annual proposed transport
investment plan of each Subborrower, which plan shall detail each
Subborrower's proposed budget allocation for its Subprojects for its
upcoming fiscal year; and (b) promptly inform the Bank of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Loan, or the performance by the Borrower of its obligations under
this Agreement and under the contractual arrangements referred to in
Section 3.01 of this Agreement.
      Section 4.04. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 6 to this Agreement.
      Section 4.05. The Bank and the Borrower hereby agree that the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and
9.09 of the General Conditions, with respect to Parts A.1, A.3 and
A.4 of the Project, shall be carried out or caused to be carried out
by the Guarantor pursuant to Section 3.04 of the Guarantee
Agreement.
      Section 4.06. (a) Throughout the course of Project
implementation, and without limitation to the provisions of Section
9.07 of the General Conditions, the Borrower with the assistance of
the Guarantor, through SEDESOL, shall present quarterly progress
reports to the Bank regarding the Project, no later than each May 31
for quarters ending on each March 31, no later than each August 31
for quarters ending on each June 30, no later than each November 30
for quarters ending on each September 30, and no later than each
February 28 for quarters ending on each December 31. Such progress
reports shall be in a form satisfactory to the Bank and shall, inter
alia: (a) compare Project advances for each quarter with goals and
projections for such quarter; (b) discuss compliance or actions
taken to enforce compliance, as the case may be, with respect to
each Subloan; and (c) include (in the case of the progress reports
for quarters ending on each March 31 and each September 30) the
reports, referred to in paragraph 3 (d) of Schedule 5 to this
Agreement, received by the Borrower.
      (b)   The Borrower shall participate in annual reviews of
Project implementation to be held in conjunction with the Bank and
the Guarantor, through SEDESOL, in September of each calendar year
during Project implementation, beginning in 1993. Each such review
shall, based inter alia on the reports referred to in paragraph (a)
of this Section, the investment plans referred to in Section 4.03 of
this Agreement and the budget proposals referred to in Section 3.02
(f) of the Guarantee Agreement, examine (as set forth in the Review
Letter) the status of Project implementation.  As part of each such
review, the Bank may require preparation by the Guarantor and the
Borrower of a joint annual plan of action, satisfactory to the Bank,
to make adjustments in Project implementation.  The Guarantor and
the Borrower shall present such plan of action to the Bank no later
than one month after the conclusion of the review in question.  The
Borrower shall carry out all measures, pertaining to Parts A.2 and
B of the Project, included in each such plan of action.
                             ARTICLE V
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 5.01. The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect, in accordance
Page  7
with sound accounting practices, its operations and financial
condition, including records and separate accounts for the Project.
      Section 5.02. (a) The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records referred to in Section 5.01 of
                  this Agreement, its accounts and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                  and expenses and related statements) and records
                  and accounts for the Special Account for each
                  fiscal year audited, in accordance with generally
                  accepted auditing standards and procedures
                  consistently applied, by independent and
                  qualified auditors;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank, as soon as available but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end
                  of each such year: (A) certified copies of said
                  financial statements for such year as so audited;
                  (B) the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Bank shall
                  have reasonably requested; and (C) the reports
                  referred to in paragraph 3 (b) (ii) of Schedule 5
                  to this Agreement;
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank each month certified
                  statements of the Special Account; and
           (iv)   furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning the said records, accounts and
                  financial statements and the audit thereof as the
                  Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      (b)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with Section 5.01 of this Agreement, records and
                  separate accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain or cause to be retained, until at least
                  one year after the Bank has received the audit
                  report for the fiscal year in which the last
                  withdrawal from the Loan Account was made, all
                  records (contracts, orders, invoices, bills,
                  receipts and other documents) evidencing such
                  expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Bank's representatives to examine such
                  records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and separate accounts
                  are included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                            ARTICLE VI
                       Remedies of the Bank
      Section 6.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (l) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   that the Organic Law or other documents whereby the
Borrower was created or is governed shall have been amended,
suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially
Page  8
and adversely the operations or the financial condition of the
Borrower or its ability to carry out Parts A.2 and B of the Project
or to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement;
      (b)   that any action shall have been taken for the
liquidation, dissolution or disestablishment of the Borrower or for
the suspension of its operations;
      (c)   that the PVT Operating Manual shall have been suspended,
abrogated, repealed or waived so as to conflict with any term of
this Agreement or the Guarantee Agreement or in any manner which
could materially and adversely affect the carrying out of the
Project; and
      (d)   that the Guarantor or the Borrower shall have provided
financing (other than non-Program financing for which a state or
municipality already received a binding contractual commitment prior
to the Effective Date), for the urban transport sector in cities
with a population of 400,000 or more but no more than 1,200,000
inhabitants, on terms and with requirements other than those set
forth in the PVT Operating Manual.
      Section 6.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified, namely,
the events specified in paragraphs (a) or (b) or (c) or (d) of
Section 6.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                            ARTICLE VII
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 7.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Loan Agreement within the
meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   that the contractual arrangements referred to in Section
3.01 (a) of this Agreement shall have been entered into;
      (b)   that the Guarantor, within SEDESOL, and the Borrower
each have in place permanent staff, in numbers and with
qualifications and functions satisfactory to the Bank, required to
carry out their respective obligations under the Project;
      (c)   that one Subloan Agreement, satisfactory to the Bank,
shall have been entered into; and
      (d)   that the Guarantor, through SEDESOL, shall have entered
into a contract, satisfactory to the Bank, to offer the courses
referred to in Part A.3 (a) of the Project.
      Section 7.02. The following is specified as an additional
matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (c) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Bank, namely that, on behalf of each of the parties
to the contractual arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 (a) of
this Agreement, such contractual arrangements have been duly
authorized or ratified by each such party and are legally binding
upon each such party in accordance with their terms.
      Section 7.03. The date September 20, 1993 is hereby specified
for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                           ARTICLE VIII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 8.01. The Director General of the Borrower is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 8.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
Page  9
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
                  Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                  197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      For the Borrower:
            Banco Nacional de Obras y
              Servicios Publicos, S.N.C.
            Tecoyotitla 100 esquina Francia
            01030 Mexico, D.F.
            Mexico
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  BANTECARIO                BNOSME 01772619
                  Mexico City               Mexico City
        IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                     RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                  BANCO NACIONAL DE OBRAS Y
                    SERVICIOS PUBLICOS, S.N.C.
                  By /s/ Jacques Rogozinski
                                         Authorized Representative
                             SCHEDULE 1
              Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the allocation of the
amounts of the Loan to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                            Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category             Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(1) Goods for                    200,000        100% of foreign
    Parts A.1-A.3                               expenditures and
Page  10
    of the Project                              85% of local
                                                expenditures
(2) Training,                  6,900,000        100%
    consultants'
    services,
    technical
    assistance
    and salaries
    of temporary
    staff for
    Parts A.1-A.3
    of the Project,
    as well as the
    portion of
    consultants'
    services and
    technical
    assistance
    financed by
    Grants for the
    preparation of
    ITPs
                            Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category             Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(3) Goods and civil
    works for Sub-
    projects under
    Part B of the
    Project:
    (a)  Immediate            17,500,000        42%
         civil works
         referred to
         in Section
         1.02 (p) (ii)
         of this
         Agreement
    (b)  Other               128,800,000        42%
         civil
         works
    (c)  Goods                 7,200,000        100% of foreign
                                                expenditures and
                                                85% of local
                                                expenditures
(4) Training,                 19,400,000        100%
    consultants'
    services and
    technical
    assistance
    financed by
    Subloans
    and/or by
    Grants (other
    than Grants
    for the
    preparation
    of ITPs)
                            Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category             Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(5) Unallocated               20,000,000
Page  11
                             ___________
         TOTAL               200,000,000
                             ===========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Guarantor for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Guarantor;
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Guarantor or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Guarantor; and
      (c)   the term "technical assistance" in Categories (2) and
(4) includes the preparation of final designs for Subproject civil
works.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made:
      (a)   in respect of goods, works or services for a Subproject
financed by a Subloan or Grant unless the Subloan or Grant has been
made in accordance with the procedures and on the terms and
conditions set forth or referred to in Schedule 5 to this Agreement;
      (b)   in respect of payments made for expenditures prior to
the date of this Agreement, except that withdrawals, in an aggregate
amount not exceeding the equivalent of $4,000,000, may be made in
respect of Categories (1) through (4) on account of payments made
for expenditures before that date but after June 30, 1992; and
      (c)   in respect of salaries paid to temporary staff for Part
A of the Project after two years have elapsed since the Effective
Date.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to: (a) improve the quality
and efficiency of urban transport systems in medium-size cities in
Mexico; (b) assist municipalities in undertaking responsibility for
urban transport management with respect to such cities; (c) provide
finance for economically justified urban transport improvements for
such cities; and (d) control the environmental impacts of urban
transport operations in such cities.
      The Project consists of the following Parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Bank and the Borrower may agree upon
from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     National Component
1.    Strengthening (through acquisition and use of technical
assistance, equipment and software and employment of temporary
professional staff) of SEDESOL's institutional capacity to: (a)
formulate and support implementation of federal policy regarding
urban transport; and (b) appraise, supervise, monitor and evaluate
Subprojects.
2.    Strengthening (through acquisition and use of technical
assistance, equipment and software and employment of temporary
professional staff) of the Borrower's institutional capacity to
administer Subloans.
3.    Training of federal, state and local public sector staff (as
well as, on a fee-paying basis, of urban transport professionals in
the private sector) to increase their capabilities regarding urban
transport and traffic planning, project evaluation and execution and
Page  12
traffic operations and maintenance, through: (a) intensive non-
continuous four-month post-graduate level courses; (b) periodic
refresher courses and regional seminars; and (c) overseas post-
graduate studies for selected alumni of such intensive courses.
4.    Provision of Grants to Subborrowers to supplement the
financing included in Part B of the Project.
Part B:     Local Component
      Provision of Subloans to Subborrowers to finance Subprojects.
                              *  *  *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1999.
                            SCHEDULE 3
                       Amortization Schedule
                                      Payment of Principal
Date Payment Due                    (expressed in dollars)*
On each April 1 and October 1
      beginning October 1, 1998
      through April 1, 2008               10,000,000.00
__________________________
*     The figures in this column represent dollar equivalent
      determined as of the respective dates of withdrawal. See
      General Conditions, Sections 3.04 and 4.03.
      Premiums on Prepayment
      Pursuant to Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions, the
premium payable on the principal amount of any maturity of the Loan
to be prepaid shall be the percentage specified for the applicable
time of prepayment below:
      Time of Prepayment                        Premium
                                          The interest rate
                                          (expressed as a
                                          percentage per annum)
                                          applicable to the Loan
                                          on the day of prepayment
                                          multiplied by:
Not more than three years                       0.20
      before maturity
More than three years but                       0.40
      not more than six years
      before maturity
More than six years but                         0.73
      not more than 11 years
      before maturity
More than 11 years but not                      0.87
      more than 13 years
      before maturity
More than 13 years before                       1.00
      maturity
                            SCHEDULE 4
              Modifications of the General Conditions
Page  13
      For the purposes of this Agreement, the provisions of the
General Conditions are modified as follows:
      1.    the last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted;
      2.    in Section 6.02, subparagraph (k) is relettered as
subparagraph (l) and a new subparagraph (k) is added to read:
            "(k) An extraordinary situation shall have arisen under
      which any further withdrawals under the Loan would be
      inconsistent with the provisions of Article III, Section 3 of
      the Bank's Articles of Agreement."; and
      3.    the words "the Bank may, by notice to the Borrower and
the Guarantor, terminate the right of the Borrower to make
withdrawals with respect to such amount. Upon the giving of such
notice, such amount of the Loan shall be cancelled" set forth at the
end of Section 6.03 are deleted and the following is substituted
therefor:
      "or (f) by the date specified in paragraph 7 (b) of Schedule 5
      to the Loan Agreement, the Bank shall, in respect of any
      portion of the Loan, (i) have received no applications under
      said paragraph or (ii) have denied any such applications, the
      Bank may, by notice to the Borrower and the Guarantor,
      terminate the right of the Borrower to submit such
      applications or to make withdrawals from the Loan Account, as
      the case may be, with respect to such amount or portion of the
      Loan. Upon the giving of such notice, such amount or portion
      of the Loan shall be cancelled.".
                             SCHEDULE 5
              Procedures for and Terms and Conditions
                      of Subloans and Grants
1.    (a)   The terms and conditions of, and procedures for making,
Subloans and Grants shall be as set forth in the PVT Operating
Manual to the extent such terms, conditions and procedures are
consistent with the provisions of this Agreement.
      (b)   Amortization periods for Subloans shall in all cases
exceed one year and shall not: (i) exceed fifteen years; or (ii) in
the case of Subloans made exclusively for activities not including
the construction of civil works, exceed five years.
      (c)   Grace periods for Subloan principal repayment shall not:
(i) exceed three years; or (ii) in the case of Subloans made
exclusively for activities not including the construction of civil
works, exceed one year.
      (d)   Subloans shall be denominated and repayable in pesos.
The interest rate on such Subloans shall be variable and no less
than the CETES Rate plus two percent.
      (e)   Costs for Subprojects shall be covered by a combination
of: (i) Subloans; (ii) Grants; and (iii) the Subborrower's own
internal resources (supplemented, if satisfactory to the Bank, by
its state's own internal resources in cases where the Subborrower is
a municipality).
      (f)   Subloans shall equal the sum of any of the following
component costs which are included in the pertinent Subproject:  (i)
42% of a Subproject's estimated civil works cost (excluding the
estimated cost of preparing civil works final designs); plus (ii)
75% of the estimated cost of preparing an ITP (excluding the
estimated cost of preparing civil works final designs); plus (iii)
75% of the estimated cost of preparing civil works final designs;
plus (iv) 75% of the estimated cost of further studies required for
the development of the transport sector of the municipalities
involved; plus (v) 75% of the estimated cost of carrying out the
institutional strengthening recommendations of the Subproject's ITP
Page  14
(excluding equipment costs); plus (vi) 100% of foreign expenditures
for equipment and 85% of local expenditures for equipment (as such
expenditures are defined in paragraph 2 of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement).
      (g)   Grants shall equal the sum of any of the following
component costs which are included in the pertinent Subproject: (i)
35% of a Subproject's estimated civil works cost (excluding the
estimated cost of preparing civil works final designs); plus (ii)
25% of the estimated cost of preparing an ITP (excluding the
estimated cost of preparing civil works final designs); plus (iii)
25% of the estimated cost of preparing civil works final designs;
plus (iv) 25% of the estimated cost of further studies required for
the development of the transport sector of the municipalities
involved; plus (v) plus 25% of the estimated cost of carrying out
the institutional strengthening recommendations of the Subproject's
ITP (excluding equipment costs).
      (h)   For no Subproject shall the estimated cost of activities
described in Section 1.02 (p) (ii) of this Agreement exceed the
equivalent of $5,000,000.
      (i)   Except as provided in subparagraph (j) of this
paragraph, the Subborrower shall be a municipality with legal
personality and with a population of up to 1,200,000 inhabitants,
but no less than 400,000 inhabitants (less than 400,000 inhabitants
shall be permissible if it is demonstrated to the satisfaction of
the Bank that such municipality is a major economic center of
priority concern).
      (j)   The Subborrower shall be a state only if the relevant
Subproject affects two or more immediately adjacent municipalities,
which in combination form one urban nucleus that meets the
population requirements specified in subparagraph (i) of this
paragraph and which are located within the state in question. If
such an urban nucleus is part of two or more states, the relevant
states shall all be Subborrowers, with joint and several liability,
of the same Subloan and it must be demonstrated to the satisfaction
of the Bank that there are in place suitable Subproject coordination
arrangements among such states.
      (k)   No state or municipality which is or has been a party to
a prior Subloan Agreement (whether or not as a Subborrower) shall be
eligible to be a party to a subsequent Subloan Agreement unless it
has been in full compliance with its obligations under such prior
Subloan Agreement.
      (l)   Regardless of whether the Subborrowers are a
municipality or its state, no municipality or single urban nucleus
shall benefit from more than three Subloans, of which no more than
one Subloan may be for the activities described in Section 1.02 (p)
(i) of this Agreement, no more than one Subloan may be for the
activities described in Section 1.02 (p) (ii) of this Agreement and
no more than one Subloan may be for the activities described in
Section 1.02 (p) (iii) of this Agreement.  Furthermore, no
municipality or single urban nucleus shall benefit from a Subloan
for the activities described in Section 1.02 (p) (ii) of this
Agreement unless it has previously entered into a Subloan Agreement
to finance the activities described in Section 1.02 (p) (i) of this
Agreement.  In addition, no more than twelve municipalities or
single urban nuclei shall benefit from a Subloan for the activities
described in Section 1.02 (p) (iii) of this Agreement.
2.    Subloans shall be made on terms whereby the Borrower and the
Guarantor, through SEDESOL, shall obtain, by written Subloan
Agreement with the Subborrower, rights adequate to protect the
interests of the Bank and the Borrower, including, inter alia, the
right to:
      (a)   require the Subborrower to carry out and maintain the
benefits of the Subproject with due diligence and efficiency and in
accordance with sound technical, financial, administrative, and
Page  15
environmental standards;
      (b)   require that the goods, works and services to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be procured in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 6 to this Agreement andthat such goods, 
works and services shall be used exclusively in the
carrying out of the Subproject;
      (c)   inspect, by themselves or jointly with representatives
of the Bank if the Bank shall so request, such goods and the sites,
works and construction included in the Subproject, the operation
thereof, and any relevant records and documents;
      (d)   require that: (i) the Subborrower shall take out and
maintain with responsible insurers such insurance, against such
risks and in such amounts, as shall be consistent with sound
business practice; and (ii) without any limitation upon the
foregoing, such insurance shall cover hazards incident to the
acquisition, transportation and delivery of goods financed out of
the proceeds of the Loan to the place of use or installation, any
indemnity thereunder to be made payable in a currency freely usable
by the Subborrower to replace or repair such goods;
      (e)   obtain all such information as the Bank or the Borrower
or the Guarantor shall reasonably request relating to the foregoing
and to the administration, operations and financial condition of the
Subborrower and to the benefits to be derived from the Subproject;
and
      (f)   suspend or terminate the right of the Subborrower to the
use of the proceeds of all Grants under paragraph 1 (g) of this
Schedule and of all Subloans upon failure by such Subborrower, the
relevant state (if the Subborrower is a municipality) or an affected
municipality (if the Subborrower is that municipality's state) to
perform their obligations under any one Subloan Agreement.
3.    Subloan Agreements shall also include, inter alia, provisions
whereby:
      (a)   the Subborrower shall maintain records and separate
accounts adequate to reflect, in accordance with sound accounting
practices, the resources and expenditures in connection with the
execution of its Subproject;
      (b)   the Subborrower shall: (i) have the records and separate
accounts referred to in paragraph 5 (a) of this Schedule for each
fiscal year audited, in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards and procedures consistently applied, by independent and
qualified auditors acceptable to the Borrower and to SECOGEF; (ii)
furnish to the Borrower and to SECOGEF as soon as available, but in
any case not later than six months after the end of each such
year, the report of such audit by said auditors of such scope and in
such detail as the Borrower shall have reasonably requested; and
(iii) furnish to the Borrower such other information concerning said
records and separate accounts as well as the audit thereof, as the
Borrower shall from time to time reasonably request;
      (c)   when applying for Subloan or Grant withdrawals and as a
precondition therefor, the Subborrower shall present to the Borrower
(in the case of a Subloan) or to the Guarantor (in the case of a
Grant) documentation justifying the expenditures to which such
withdrawals shall apply, and the documentation shall be such as
would be acceptable by the Bank for processing withdrawal
applications presented by the Borrower under the Loan Agreement;
      (d)   the Subborrower shall meet (or cause attainment of) all
Subproject performance targets specified in the Subloan Agreement
(which targets shall cover all recommendations of, and be fully
consistent with, the relevant ITP where such ITP exists) and shall
report in writing every six months to the Borrower and the Guarantor
during Subproject implementation, in a manner satisfactory to the
Bank, on the condition of the Subborrower, the progress of the
Page  16
Subproject and the fulfillment of such performance targets;
      (e)   the Subborrower shall implement or cause to be
implemented all the environmental and involuntary population
resettlement measures proposed in the Subproject's appraisal
referred to in paragraph 7 (a) (iii) of this Schedule or in the
Subproject's ITP;
      (f)   during the course of Subproject execution, neither the
Subborrower nor its state (if the Subborrower is a municipality) or
the affected municipalities (if the Subborrower is a state) shall
initiate any urban transport investments outside the Subproject with
regard to the relevant municipality or urban nucleus, if the cost of
such investments (combined with the cost of other such urban
transport investments outside the Subproject and initiated during
the course of Subproject execution) is estimated to be over
$3,000,000 equivalent, without prior written approval by SEDESOL,
the Borrower and the Bank; and
      (g)   the Subborrower shall comply, or cause compliance, with
the applicable provisions of the PVT Operating Manual.
4.    Subloan Agreements shall provide that the Subborrower (and its
state, if satisfactory to the Bank and if the Subborrower is a
municipality) must contribute, from their own internal resources and
in a timely manner, all funds for the Subproject (including funds
for all tax and land acquisition costs) other than the funds
comprising Subloans and Grants referred to in paragraph 1 (f) and
(g) of this Schedule.
5.    Subloan Agreements shall also provide, inter alia, as follows:
      (a)   that the Guarantor shall provide to the Subborrower, for
purposes of the Subproject, Grants in a timely manner in amounts
which comply with the provisions of paragraph 1 (g) of this
Schedule;
      (b)   that its state (when the Subborrower is a municipality)
agrees that procurement of the goods, works, and services required
for the Subproject and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Loan shall be governed by provisions identical to those of Schedule
6 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   that its state (when the Subborrower is a municipality)
unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not merely as
surety, the due and punctual payment to the Borrower of the
principal of, and interest and other charges on, the Subloan, and
the punctual performance of all other obligations of the
Subborrower, all as set forth in the Subloan Agreement.
6.    No expenditures for goods or services required for a
Subproject shall be eligible for financing out of the proceeds of
the Loan unless the Subloan for such Subproject shall have been
approved by the Bank and such expenditures shall have been made not
earlier than ninety days prior to the date on which the Bank shall
have received the application and information required under
paragraph 7 (a) of this Schedule in respect of such Subloan.
7.    (a)   When presenting a Subloan to the Bank for approval, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Bank an application, in form
satisfactory to the Bank, together with: (i) a description of the
Subborrower; (ii) a fully executed Subloan Agreement, satisfactory
to the Bank, to become effective upon Bank approval of said
application; (iii) a technical appraisal by SEDESOL and a financial
appraisal by the Borrower, both satisfactory to the Bank, of the
Subproject (if the Subproject is for activities described in Section
1.02 (p) (i) or (ii) of this Agreement); (iv) an ITP, satisfactory
to the Bank (if the Subproject is for activities described in
Section 1.02 (p) (iii) of this Agreement); (v) terms of reference,
satisfactory to the Bank, for the preparation of an ITP (if the
Subproject involves the preparation of an ITP); and (vi) such other
information as the Bank shall reasonably request. Appraisals or ITPs
Page  17
furnished to the Bank for purposes of this subparagraph shall, inter
alia, comply with the requirements set forth in the Subproject
Appraisal Letter.
      (b)   Applications made pursuant to the provisions of
subparagraph (a) of this paragraph shall be presented to the Bank on
or before December 31, 1996.
                            SCHEDULE 6
               Procurement and Consultants Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines).
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall be
grouped in bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of $250,000
or more each, and contracts for civil works shall be grouped in bid
packages estimated to cost the equivalent of $5,000,000 or more
each.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in Mexico may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Civil works estimated to cost the equivalent of less than
$5,000,000 per contract or per bid package, up to an aggregate
amount equivalent to $210,100,000 (but in no case more than an
aggregate amount per Subloan Agreement equivalent to 60% of the
estimated cost of civil works for the Subproject covered by such
Subloan Agreement), may be procured under contracts awarded on the
basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
2.    Goods estimated to cost the equivalent of less than $250,000
per contract or per bid package, up to an aggregate amount
equivalent to $2,400,000 (but in no case more than an aggregate
amount per Subloan Agreement equivalent to 60% of the estimated cost
of goods for the Subproject covered by such Subloan Agreement), may
be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of competitive
bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Bank.
3.    Civil works estimated to cost less than the equivalent of
$50,000 per contract or per bid package, up to an aggregate amount
equivalent to $3,000,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of comparison of price quotations solicited from a list of
at least three suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Bank.
4.    Goods estimated to cost less than the equivalent of $50,000
per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $400,000, may
be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of
price quotations solicited from a list of at least three suppliers
eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures
acceptable to the Bank.
Part D:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
Page  18
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract subject to international
competitive bidding, to the first contract for goods subject to
local competitive bidding per affected municipality or urban nucleus
and to the first contract for civil works subject to local
competitive bidding per affected municipality or urban nucleus, the
procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contracts are to be
made out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be modified
to ensure that the two conformed copies of the contracts required to
be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be
furnished to the Bank prior to the making of the first payment out
of the Special Account in respect of such contracts;
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.  Where payments for
such contracts are to be made out of the Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies
of the contracts together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 7 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Bank has authorized
withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Part E:     Standard Documents
      All procurement for goods and works, whether or not
international competitive bidding applies, shall take place using
standard bidding documents which are satisfactory to the Bank.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist the Borrower, the Guarantor, or the
Subborrowers in carrying out the Project, the Borrower, the
Guarantor or the Subborrowers shall employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of employment
shall be satisfactory to the Bank. Such consultants shall be
selected in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory
to the Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981 (the
Consultant Guidelines).
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Section,
the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring prior Bank
review or approval of budgets, short lists, selection procedures,
letters of invitation, proposals, evaluation reports and contracts
shall not apply to contracts estimated to cost less than $100,000
equivalent each.  However, this exception to prior Bank review or
approval requirements shall not apply to the terms of reference for
consultants, to the hiring of individuals, to single-source hiring
of firms, to assignments of a critical nature as reasonably
determined by the Bank (such as assignments to carry out
environmental assessments) and to amendments of contracts raising
the contract value to $100,000 equivalent or above.
                            SCHEDULE 7
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
Page  19
through (4) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $12,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Loan Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to it that
the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Bank a request or requests for a
deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the
Authorized Allocation.  On the basis of such request or requests,
the Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan
Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or amounts as
the Borrower shall have requested; and
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Bank requests for
                  deposits into the Special Account at such
                  intervals as the Bank shall specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                  the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw
                  from the Loan Account and deposit into the
                  Special Account such amount as the Borrower shall
                  have requested and as shall have been shown by
                  said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the Loan
Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Bank shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Bank such documents and other
evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Bank shall not be required to make further deposits
into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Bank shall have determined that all
further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly from the
Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Article V of the
General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this
Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated
Page  20
to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any outstanding
special commitment entered into by the Bank pursuant to Section 5.02
of the General Conditions, shall equal the equivalent of twice the
amount of the Authorized Allocation.
      Thereafter, withdrawal from the Loan Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated to the eligible Categories
shall follow such procedures as the Bank shall specify by notice to
the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and
to the extent that the Bank shall have been satisfied that all such
amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date
of such notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an expenditure
or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of this
Schedule; (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to the
Bank, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank: (A)
provide such additional evidence as the Bank may request; or (B)
deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Bank shall so request,
refund to the Bank) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or
the portion thereof not so eligible or justified.  Unless the Bank
shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Bank into the
Special Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such
evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be required to
cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the Borrower
shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank, refund to the Bank such
outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Bank, refund to the
Bank all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the Special
Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Bank made pursuant to paragraphs 6 (a),
(b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Loan Account
for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance with the
relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the General
Conditions.
