Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3559 ME
                        Guarantee Agreement
           (Medium-Size Cities Urban Transport Project)
                              between
                       UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                        Dated June 18, 1993
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3559 ME
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 18, 1993, between UNITED MEXICAN STATES
(the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Banco Nacional de Obras y
Servicios Publicos, S.N.C. (the Borrower), having been satisfied as
to the feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule
2 to the Loan Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in the
financing of the Project; and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to two hundred million
dollars ($200,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the Guarantor agree to
guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of such loan
and to undertake such other obligations as set forth in this
Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower and to undertake such
other obligations as set forth in this Agreement;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth in Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement (the
General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to and Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, through SEDESOL, shall carry out Parts
A.1, A.3 and A.4 of the Project with due diligence and efficiency
and in conformity with sound technical, financial, administrative
and environmental standards and practices and in a manner consistent
with the Program. Without limitation or restriction upon any of its
other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor
hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not as
surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and
interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on
the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of all the
other obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan
Agreement.
      Section 2.02. The Guarantor shall provide or cause to be
provided, in a timely manner as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for the Project (to this end
the Guarantor shall, inter alia, maintain in place throughout
Project implementation the number of qualified permanent staff
referred to in Section 7.01 (b) of this Agreement).
                            ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. The Guarantor shall enter into the contractual
arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 of the Loan Agreement and,
except as the Bank may otherwise agree, shall not change or fail to
enforce any provisions of such contractual arrangements or of a
Subloan Agreement to which it is a party. The Guarantor shall
exercise its rights under such contractual arrangements and Subloan
Agreements in such manner as to protect the interests of the
Guarantor and the Bank and to accomplish the purposes of the Loan.
      Section 3.02. The Guarantor, through SEDESOL, shall: (a)
assist Subborrowers in preparing ITPs; (b) be a party to, and comply
with its obligations under, each Subloan Agreement; (c) assist the
Subborrowers in carrying out the institutional strengthening
component of Subprojects; (d) together with the Borrower, supervise
the Subborrowers' execution of Subprojects; (e) participate in the
annual reviews referred to in Section 4.06 (b) of the Loan Agreement
and carry out all measures, pertaining to Parts A.1, A.3 and A.4 of
the Project, included in the plans of action referred to in said
Section; and (f) present to the Bank, at least sixty days before the
beginning of each fiscal year during Project implementation, the
proposed budget that the Guarantor shall present to its legislature
for the program for said fiscal year.
      Section 3.03. (a) The Guarantor, through SEDESOL, with respect
to Parts A.1, A.3 and A.4 of the Project shall maintain records and
Page  3
separate accounts adequate to reflect, in accordance with sound
accounting practices, the resources and expenditures in connection
with those Parts of the Project.
      (b)   The Guarantor, through SEDESOL, with respect to Parts
A.1, A.3 and A.4 of the Project shall:
            (i)   have its records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with generally
                  accepted auditing standards and procedures, by
                  independent and qualified auditors;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end
                  of each such year, a certified copy of the report
                  of such audit by said auditors, of such scope and
                  in such detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts as well as
                  the audit thereof as the Bank shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to Parts A.1, A.3 and
A.4 of the Project for which withdrawals from the Loan Account were
made on the basis of statements of expenditure, or for all such
expenditures with respect to which withdrawals were made from the
Special Account, the Guarantor shall provide to the Borrower all
records and accounts necessary to allow the Borrower to perform its
obligations punctually under Article V of the Loan Agreement.
      Section 3.04. With respect to Parts A.1, A.3 and A.4 of the
Project, the Guarantor shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General
Conditions (relating respectively to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and
land acquisition).
                            ARTICLE IV
            Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 4.01. The Director General de Credito Publico of the
Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico of the Guarantor is
designated as representative of the Guarantor for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Direccion General de Credito Publico
            Secretaria de Hacienda y
                  Credito Publico
            Palacio Nacional, Patio Central,
            Oficina 4025
            06066 Mexico, D.F., Mexico
                                    Telex:
                                      1777313-SHOCME
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
                 Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
Page  4
            Cable address:                Telex:
                 INTBAFRAD                   197688 (TRT),
                 Washington, D.C.            248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                  By /s/ Jorge Montano
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                     RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
