Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3189 ME
                         Project Agreement
              (Transmission and Distribution Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                 COMISION FEDERAL DE ELECTRICIDAD
                     Dated September 25, 1990
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3189 ME
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated September 25, 1990, between INTERNATIONAL
BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and COMISION
FEDERAL DE ELECTRICIDAD (CFE).
      WHEREAS (A) by an agreement (the Loan Agreement) of even date
herewith between Nacional Financiera, S.N.C. (the Borrower) and the
Bank, the Bank has agreed to make available to the Borrower an
amount in various currencies equivalent to four hundred and fifty
million dollars ($450,000,000) (the Loan), on the terms and condi-
tions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that
CFE agree to undertake such obligations toward the Bank as are set
forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by an agreement (the Guarantee Agreement) entered into
between the United Mexican States (the Guarantor) and the Bank, of
even date herewith, the Guarantor has agreed to guarantee the
obligations of the Borrower in respect of the Loan and to undertake
such other obligations as are set forth in the Guarantee Agreement;
      (C)   by a subsidiary loan agreement (the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower and CFE, the
proceeds of the Loan will be made available to CFE on the terms and
Page  2
conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS CFE, in consideration of the Bank's entering into the
Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the Preamble to this
Agreement and the General Conditions (as so defined) have the
respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. CFE declares its commitment to the objectives of
the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement and to
this end, shall carry out the Project with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate administrative,
financial, engineering, environmental and power utilities practices,
and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for the
Project.
      Section 2.02. CFE shall:
      (a)   enter into and duly perform all its obligations under
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
      (b)   duly perform all of its obligations under the Financial
Rehabilitation Agreement;
      (c)   except as the Bank may otherwise agree, not change or
fail to enforce the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, the Financial
Rehabilitation Agreement, or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.03. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and consultants' services required for the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.04. CFE shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Section 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General
Conditions (relating respectively to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and
land acquisition), in respect of the Project.
      Section 2.05. (a) CFE shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to progress of the Project,
the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters relating to the
purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   CFE shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes, or threatens to interfere, with the progress of
the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Loan, or the
performance by CFE of its obligations under this Agreement, the
Financial Rehabilitation Agreement, and the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement.
      Section 2.06. CFE shall implement the recommendations of the
studies included under Parts D.1, and D-2 of the Hydroelectric
Development Project in accordance with Loan Agreement 3083-ME.
      Section 2.07. (a) CFE shall:
Page  3
            (i)   by September 30, 1990, initiate the studies
                  included under Parts B.l (a) and B.2 (a) of the
                  Project under terms of reference satisfactory to
                  the Bank;
            (ii)  by September 30, 1991, carry out and complete
                  such studies;
            (iii) by December 31, 1991, exchange views with the
                  Bank on the conclusions and recommendations of
                  such studies, and provide to the Bank a plan of
                  action, satisfactory to the Guarantor and the
                  Bank, to implement such recommendations,
                  including a timetable for implementing such plan
                  of action taking into account the Guarantor's
                  overall plan to reduce pollution from all sources
                  in Mexico; and
            (iv)  implement such plan of action in accordance with
                  such timetable.
      (b)   CFE shall carry out the training included under Parts
B.1 (b) and B.2 (b) of the Project under a plan of action and under
a timetable satisfactory to the Bank, such plan of action and
timetable to be submitted to the Bank by December 31, 1991.
                            ARTICLE III
                 Management and Operations of CFE
      Section 3.01. CFE shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial, and
public utilities practices under the supervision of qualified and
experienced management assisted by competent staff in adequate
numbers.
      Section 3.02. CFE shall, at all times, operate and maintain
its plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial, and
public utilities practices. Such practices shall include, without
limitation, adequate operational and environmental safety practices
and standards in respect of CFE's power plants.
      Section 3.03. CFE shall take out and maintain with responsible
insurers, or make other provisions satisfactory to the Bank for,
insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be
consistent with appropriate practice.
      Section 3.04. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, CFE
shall not sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of its property
or assets which shall be required for the efficient carrying out of
the Project.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) CFE shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect, in accordance with sound accounting practices,
its operations and financial condition, including separate records
and accounts reflecting the resources and expenditures in respect of
the Project.
      (b)   CFE shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) above and financial statements
                  (balance sheets, statements of income and
                  expenses and related statements) for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
Page  4
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent and qualified auditors;
            (ii)  furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end
                  of each such year: (A) certified copies of its
                  financial statements for such year as so audited,
                  and (B) the report of such audit by said auditors
                  of such scope and in such detail as the Bank
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
            (iii) furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said accounts and financial statements
                  as well as the audit thereof, and such records as
                  the Bank shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditures, CFE shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, separate
                  records and accounts reflecting such
                  expenditures;
            (ii)  retain, or cause to be retained, until at least
                  one year after the Bank has received the audit
                  report for the fiscal year in which the last
                  withdrawal from the Loan Account was made, all
                  records (contracts, orders, invoices, bills,
                  receipts and other documents) evidencing such
                  expenditures;
            (iii) enable the Bank's representatives to examine such
                  records; and
            (iv)  ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied on to support the related withdrawals.
      Section 4.02. (a) CFE shall, each year during implementation
of the Project, carry out a technical and economic analysis in order
to update the investments proposed to be made in the power sector
under the Ten-Year Investment Plan and shall, when making such
analysis: (i) utilize least-cost principles; (ii) utilize export
prices for oil derivate products; (iii) consider all environmental
and resettlement costs associated with making such investments; and
(iv) take into account financial restrictions on CFE due to
macroeconomic conditions of the Guarantor. Each updated Ten-Year
Investment Plan shall include an updated financial projection to
carry out the Plan, and an economic justification of, and a viable
financing plan for, major generation installations not previously
included in the Ten-Year Investment Plan. CFE shall review with the
Bank each updated Plan, promptly after it has been completed.
      (b)   CFE shall execute only the installations included in the
Ten-Year Investment Plan as the same may be updated pursuant to
paragraph (a) hereof.
      (c)   CFE shall, by October 31 of each year during imple-
mentation of the Project, and at the request of either the Bank or
the Guarantor, review with the Bank and the Guarantor: (i) the
progress of carrying out the Ten-Year Investment Plan; and (ii)
CFE's proposed annual operating and investment budgets and financing
plan for CFE's next following fiscal year.
Page  5
      (d)   CFE shall, by March 31 of each year during the imple-
mentation of the Project, and at the request of either the Bank or
the Guarantor, review with the Bank and the Guarantor the progress
in carrying out the Financial Rehabilitation Agreement.
      (e)   For the purpose of paragraph (a) above:
            (i)   the term "export prices" means the expected FOB
                  prices to be charged for oil derivative products
                  exported from Mexico during the period covering
                  the economic life of the investments proposed to
                  be made under the Ten-Year Investment Plan;
            (ii)  the term "least-cost principles" means the
                  comparison of the present value of capital and
                  operating costs of alternative projects by
                  discounting techniques utilizing the opportunity
                  cost of capital in Mexico, all in accordance with
                  generally acceptable principles of economics; and
            (iii) the term "viable financing plan" means the plan
                  to finance the proposed investment under terms
                  and conditions which will not materially and
                  adversely affect CFE's financial condition or
                  operations, including the carrying out of the
                  Project.
      Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
and subject to the provisions of paragraph (d) of this Section, CFE
shall earn for its fiscal years ending on December 31, 1992, 1993,
1994, and 1995 an annual return of not less than 4%, 5%, 6% and 6.5%
respectively, and an annual return of not less than 7% for its
fiscal year ending on December 31, 1996 and every fiscal year
thereafter, all of the average current net value of CFE's fixed
assets in operation.
      (b)   Before December 31 in each of its fiscal years, CFE
shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by CFE and satisfactory to
the Bank, review whether it would meet the requirements set forth in
paragraph (a) in respect of such year and the next following fiscal
year and whether it would generate sufficient funds to finance at
least 40% of CFE's investments budget as set forth in clause lO of
the Financial Rehabilitation Agreement in respect of such year and
the next following fiscal year, and shall furnish to the Bank the
results of such review upon its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that CFE would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for CFE's fiscal years
covered by such review, CFE shall promptly take all necessary
measures in order to meet such requirements.
      (d)   If any such review shows that CFE would not be able to
generate sufficient funds to finance at least 40% of CFE's
investments budget as set forth in clause 10 of the Financial
Rehabilitation Agreement based on the requirements set forth in
paragraph (a) for CFE's fiscal years covered by such review, CFE
shall take all necessary measures to increase its annual return for
such fiscal years in order to be able to generate sufficient funds
to finance such investments, and shall inform the Bank the increased
annual returns to be earned.
      (e)   For purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The annual return shall be calculated by dividing
                  CFE's net operating income for the fiscal year in
                  question by one half of the sum of the current
                  net value of CFE's fixed assets in operation at
                  the beginning and at the end of that fiscal year.
            (ii)  The term "net operating income" means total
                  operating revenues less total operating expenses.
Page  6
            (iii)  The term "total operating revenues" means
                  revenues from all sources related to operations.
            (iv)  The term "total operating expenses" means all
                  expenses related to operations, including
                  administration, adequate maintenance, taxes and
                  payments in lieu of taxes, and provision for
                  depreciation on a straight-line basis at a rate
                  of not less than 2.9% per annum of the average
                  current gross value of CFE's fixed assets in
                  operation, or other basis acceptable to the Bank,
                  but excluding interest and other charges on debt.
            (v)   The average current gross value of CFE's fixed
                  assets in operation shall be calculated as
                  one-half of the sum of the gross value of CFE's
                  fixed assets in operation at the beginning and at
                  the end of the fiscal year, as valued from time
                  to time, and at least annually in accordance with
                  sound and consistently maintained methods of
                  valuation satisfactory to the Bank.
            (vi)  The term "current net value of CFE's fixed assets
                  in operation" means the gross value of the CFE's
                  fixed assets in operation less the amount of
                  accumulated depreciation, as valued from time to
                  time in accordance with sound and consistently
                  maintained methods of valuation satisfactory to
                  the Bank.
      Section 4.04. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
CFE shall not incur any debt, unless the net revenues of CFE for the
fiscal year immediately preceding the date of such incurrence or for
a later twelve-month period ending prior to the date of such
incurrence, whichever is greater, shall be at least 1.5 times the
estimated maximum debt services requirements of CFE for any
succeeding fiscal year on all debt of CFE, including debt to be
incurred.
      (b)   For purposes of this Section:
            (i)   the term "debt" means any indebtedness of CFE
                  maturing by its terms more than one year after
                  the date on which it is originally incurred;
            (ii)  debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under a
                  loan contract or agreement or other instrument
                  providing for such debt or for the modification
                  of its terms of payment on the date of such
                  contract, agreement or instrument; and (B) under
                  a guarantee agreement, on the date the agreement
                  providing for such guarantee has been entered
                  into;
            (iii) the term "net revenues means the difference
                  between:
                  (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources
                        related to operations adjusted to take
                        account of the CFE's rates in effect at the
                        time of the incurrence of debt even though
                        they were not in effect during the
                        twelve-month period to which such revenues
                        relate and net non-operating income; and
                  (B)   the sum of all expenses related to
                        operations including administration,
                        adequate maintenance, taxes and payments
                        in lieu of taxes, but excluding provision
                        for depreciation, other non-cash operating
                        charges and interest and other charges on
Page  7
                        debt;
            (iv)  the term "net non-operating income" means the
                  difference between:
                  (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                        related to operations; and
                  (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                        lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                        of revenues in (A) above.
     Section 4.05.  CFE, not later than January 1, 1992, shall adopt
and put into effect amendments to its tariff structure, such
amendments to be satisfactory to the Guarantor and the Bank and be
based on: (i) the preliminary findings and recommendations of the
study forming Part D.3 of the Hydroelectric Development Project;
(ii) the reduction of subsidies to, and the avoidance of cross-
subsidies among, the customers of CFE and of companies wholly or
partially owned by it, including, without limitation, CLFC; and
(iii)  the creation of incentives to customers to promote efficiency
and conservation of electricity.
                             ARTICLE V
            Amendments of the Project Agreement 3083-ME
      Section 5.01. The Project Agreement 3083-ME is hereby amended
as follows:
      (a)   Section 4.02 (c) is hereby amended by substituting the
date "October 31" for the date "September 30" specified therein.
      (b)   Section 4.03 is hereby amended as follows:
            (i)   the words "and each year thereafter" are deleted;
                  and
            (ii)  a period (.) is inserted after "l991".
                            ARTICLE VI
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 6.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 6.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of CFE thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the Loan
Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the Bank
shall promptly notify CFE thereof.
      Section 6.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 7.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radio gram to the party to which it is required or
permitted to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter
specified or at such other address as such party shall have
designated by notice to the party giving such notice or making such
request. The addresses so specified are:
Page  8
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA)
                                            64145 (WUI) or
                                            82987 (FTCC)
      For CFE:
            Comision Federal de Electricidad
            Rio Rodano 14
            CP 06500, Mexico D.F.
            Mexico
                                                Telex:
                                                 01775706 CFEMN
      Section 7.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of CFE, may be taken or executed by its Director
General or such other person or persons as CFE shall designate in
writing, and CFE shall furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of
the authority and the authenticated specimen signature of each such
person.
      Section 7.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ S. Shah id Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                  COMISION FEDERAL DE ELECTRICIDAD
                  By /s/ Jose Luis Aburto
                                         Authorized Representative
Page  9
