Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3189 ME
                        Guarantee Agreement
              (Transmission and Distribution Project)
                              between
                       UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                     Dated September 25, 1990
                                                LOAN NUMBER 3189 ME
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated September 25, 1990, between UNITED MEXICAN
STATES (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor, Nacional Financiera, S.N.C. (the
Borrower) and Comision Federal de Electricidad (CFE) having been
satisfied as to the feasibility and priority of the Project
described in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, have requested the
Bank to assist in the financing of the Project;
      (B)   by an agreement (the Loan Agreement) of even date
herewith between the Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to
extend to the Borrower a loan in various currencies equivalent to
four hundred and fifty million dollars ($450,000,000), on the terms
and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on
condition that the Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of
the Borrower in respect of such loan as provided in this Agreement;
      (C)   by an agreement (the Project Agreement) of even date
herewith, between the Bank and CFE, the latter has agreed to
undertake the obligations set forth in the Project Agreement; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985 (the
General Conditions), with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted,
constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to and Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. Without limitation or restriction upon any of
its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor
hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not merely
as surety, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and
interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on
the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of all the
other obligations of the Borrower, and CFE, as set forth in the Loan
Agreement and the Project Agreement, respectively.
      Section 2.02. Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the Guarantor
specifically undertakes, whenever there is reasonable cause to
believe that the funds available to CFE will be inadequate to meet
the estimated expenditures required for the carrying out of the
Project, to make arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank, promptly to
provide CFE, or cause CFE to be provided with, such funds as a.e
needed to meet such expenditures.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. Without limitation to or restriction upon any of
its obligations under this Agreement, the Guarantor declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project set forth in Schedule 2
to the Loan Agreement, and to this end shall: (i) take all measures
necessary or appropriate to assist CFE in carrying out its
obligations under the Project Agreement; and (ii) not take or permit
to be taken, any action which would prevent or interfere with the
performance by CFE of its obligations under the Project Agreement,
respectively.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, pro-
curement of the goods and consultants' services required for the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Guarantor shall take all actions necessary
to the effect that SEDUE's personnel shall receive training under
Parts B.l (b) and B.2 (b) of the Project under the plan of action
submitted to the Bank pursuant to Section 2.07 (b) of the Project
Agreement.
      Section 3.04. The Guarantor shall:
      (a)   perform all of its obligations under the Financial
Rehabilitation Agreement; and
Page  3
      (b)   except as the Bank may otherwise agree, not change or
fail to enforce the Financial Rehabilitation Agreement or any
provision thereof.
      Section 3.05. The Guarantor specifically undertakes that it
shall:
            (i)   review with the Bank and CFE (A) the progress of
                  carrying out the Ten-Year Investment Plan by
                  October 31 of each year during implementation of
                  the Project, and (B) the progress of carrying out
                  the Financial Rehabilitation Agreement by March
                  31 of each year during the implementation of the
                  Project; both in order to ensure, among other
                  things, adequate consideration of economic and
                  financial factors as well as compatibility with
                  the Guarantor's macroeconomic policies; and
            (ii)  take all measures necessary or appropriate, to
                  ensure compliance by CFE with its financial,
                  investment and other obligations under Sections
                  4.02, 4.03, 4.04 and 4.05 of the Project
                  Agreement.
      Section 3.06. The Guarantor agrees that by June 30, 1992 it
shall modify the domestic price of the fuel, used by CFE (and
companies wholly and partially owned by it, including CFLC) for
electric power generation, to reach the level of international
border prices, and thereafter shall maintain such price at the level
at least equivalent to the international border price. For purposes
of this Section, n international border price n shall mean the
average export price, FOB Mexican port, for the same type of fuel,
charged by PEMEX in 1989. For purposes of the foregoing, n
international border price" shall be determined in constant currency
and in accordance with methodology acceptable to the Bank.
                            ARTICLE IV
           Amendment of the Guarantee Agreement 3083-ME
      Section 4.01. Section 3.06 of the Guarantee Agreement 3083-ME
is hereby amended by substituting the date "October 31" for the date
"September 1" specified therein.
                             ARTICLE V
            Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 5.01. The Director General de Captacion de Credito
Externo of the Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico of the
Guarantor is designated as representative of the Guarantor for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 5.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Direccion General de Captacion de Credito Externo
            Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico
            Palacio Nacional
            Primer Patio Mariano, 4  Piso
            06066 Mexico, D.F.
            Mexico
            Cable address:                Telex:
                                           1777313 SHDCME
      For the Bank:
Page  4
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA)
                                            64145 (WUI) or
                                            82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Colombia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                  By /s/ Pedro Aspe Armella
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
