Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2364 NEP
                (Fifth Telecommunications Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
               NEPAL TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION
                        Dated July 15, 1992
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2364 NEP
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 15, 1992, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and NEPAL
TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION (NTC).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between Kingdom of Nepal (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to forty million
one hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 40,100,000), on the
terms and conditions set forth in the Development Credit Agreement,
but only on condition that NTC agrees to undertake such obligations
toward the Association as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and NTC, the proceeds of the credit provided
for under the Development Credit Agreement will be relent to NTC on
the terms and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan
Agreement; and
      WHEREAS NTC, in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement and in the
General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings
therein set forth and the following additional term has the
following meaning, namely "IDP" means the Borrower's Institutional
Development Program.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) NTC declares its commitment to the objec-
tives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Development
Credit Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project
(except Part E) with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity
with appropriate administrative, financial, engineering and
telecommunications practices, and shall provide, or cause to be
provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and
other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Association and NTC shall
otherwise agree, NTC shall carry out the Project (except Part E) in
accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 2
to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and works required for the Project and to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by
the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. NTC shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement.
      Section 2.04. NTC shall duly perform all its obligations under
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, NTC shall not take or concur in any action which
would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) NTC shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of the Project, the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other
matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   NTC shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Credit, or the performance by NTC of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                 Management and Operations of NTC
      Section 3.01. NTC shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial and
telecommunications practices under the supervision of qualified and
experienced management assisted by competent staff in adequate
numbers.
Page  3
      Section 3.02. NTC shall at all times operate and maintain its
plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
telecommunications practices.
      Section 3.03. NTC shall take out and maintain with responsible
insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the Association
for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be
consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) NTC shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   NTC shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                  and expenses and related statements) for each
                  fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than twelve months
                  after the end of each such year, (A) certified
                  copies of its financial statements for such year
                  as so audited and (B) the report of such audit by
                  said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                  as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested;
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably
                  request, including, without limitation of the
                  foregoing, unaudited Project accounts and
                  financial statements for each fiscal year as soon
                  as available, but not later than nine months
                  after the end of such year.
      Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, NTC shall earn, for each of its fiscal years after FY92,  an
annual return of not less than 12% of the average current net value
of NTC's fixed assets in operation.
      (b)   Before September 30 in each of its fiscal years, NTC
shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by NTC and satisfactory to
the Association, review whether it would meet the requirements set
forth in paragraph (a) in respect of such year and the next
following fiscal year and shall furnish to the Association a copy of
such review upon its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that NTC would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for NTC's fiscal years
covered by such review, NTC shall promptly take all necessary
measures (including, without limitation, adjustments of the
structure or levels of its tariffs) in order to meet such
requirements.
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The annual return shall be calculated by dividing
                  NTC's net operating income for the fiscal year in
                  question by one half of the sum of the current
Page  4
                  net value of NTC's fixed assets in operation at
                  the beginning and at the end of that fiscal year.
           (ii)   the term "net operating income" means total
                  operating revenues less total operating expenses.
          (iii)   The term "total operating revenues" means
                  revenues from all sources related to operations.
           (iv)   The term "total operating expenses" means all
                  expenses related to operations, including
                  administration, adequate maintenance, taxes and
                  payments in lieu of taxes, and provision for
                  depreciation on a straight-line basis at a rate
                  of not less than 8% per annum of the average
                  current gross value of NTC's fixed assets in
                  operation, or other basis acceptable to the
                  Association, but excluding interest and other
                  charges on debt.
            (v)   The average current gross value of the NTC's
                  fixed assets in operation shall be calculated as
                  one half of the sum of the gross value of the
                  NTC's fixed assets in operation at the beginning
                  and at the end of the fiscal year, as valued from
                  time to time in accordance with sound and
                  consistently maintained methods of valuation
                  satisfactory to the Association.
           (vi)   The term "current net value of the NTC's fixed
                  assets in operation" means the gross value of
                  NTC's fixed assets in operation less the amount
                  of accumulated depreciation, as valued from time
                  to time in accordance with sound and consistently
                  maintained methods of valuation satisfactory to
                  the Association.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
     Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
     Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of NTC thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of
the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                  Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
                  terms; or
           (ii)   the date fifteen years after the date of this
                  Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify NTC of
this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
Page  5
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      For NTC:
            Nepal Telecommunications Corporation
            Singha Durbar
            Kathmandu, Nepal
            Cable address:                Telex:
                 TELECOM                    2201 NEP
                 Kathmandu
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of NTC, or by NTC on behalf of the Borrower
under the Development Credit Agreement, may be taken or executed by
its General Manager or such other person or persons as the General
Manager shall designate in writing, and NTC shall furnish to the
Association sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                             INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                              By /s/ D. Joseph Wood
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                        South Asia
                              NEPAL TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION
                              By /s/ Yog Prasad Upadhyay
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
Page  6
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part D hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in the Kingdom of
Nepal may be granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and
subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the
Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Preference for Domestic Contractors
      In the procurement of works in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, NTC may grant a margin of preference to
domestic contractors in accordance with, and subject to, the pro-
visions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and para-
graph 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:      Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Items or groups of items of training and office equipment
estimated to cost the equivalent of up to $900,000 in total may be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations obtained from at least three suppliers from at least two
different countries eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance
with procedures acceptable to the Association.
2.    Items or groups of items of transmission and switching
equipment estimated to cost the equivalent of up to $5,500,000 in
total may be procured under contracts awarded after direct
negotiations with suppliers, in accordance with procedures
acceptable to the Association.
Part E:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $200,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of the
Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to the Development Credit
Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Page  7
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II. Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist NTC in carrying out Part D of the Project,
NTC shall employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and
terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Association. Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association on the
basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank
Borrowers and by The World Bank as Executing Agency" published by
the Bank in August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                      Implementation Program
      NTC shall:
      (a)   not later than June 30, 1993, employ consultants whose
qualifications and terms and conditions of employment shall be
acceptable to the Association to initiate, and thereafter carry out,
a management development program;
      (b)   not later than December 15, 1992, implement a modifi-
cation to its organizational structure which shall have been agreed
upon with the Association;
      (c)   not later than December 31, 1992 (i) carry out a review
of the structure of its personnel department, taking into account
the Association's comments, if any; and (ii) take such measures as
shall be necessary to decentralize the personnel function within
NTC; and
      (d)   review, on an annual basis and in consultation with the
Association, progress under the IDP on the basis of such opera-
tional performance targets as shall have been agreed with the
Association, and, thereafter, taking into account the Association's
comments, if any, take such measures as shall be necessary to update
the IDP and/or improve NTC's operational performance, as the case
may be.
