Page  1
                                                     CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3609 EC
                          Loan Agreement
               (Private Sector Development Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                  CORPORACION FINANCIERA NACIONAL
                        Dated July 2, 1993
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3609 EC
                          LOAN AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 2, 1993, between INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and CORPORACION FINANCIERA
NACIONAL (the Borrower).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Republic of Ecuador (the Guarantor) and the
Borrower, having been satisfied as to the feasibility and priority
of the Project described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, have
requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the Project;
      (B)   by an agreement (the Guarantee Agreement) of even date
herewith between the Guarantor and the Bank, the Guarantor has
agreed to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of
the Loan and to undertake such other obligations as set forth in the
Guarantee Agreement;
      (C)   the Bank has received a letter dated April 21, 1993 (the
Policy Letter) from the Guarantor describing a program (the Program)
of actions, objectives and policies (including measures regarding
macroeconomic, financial sector and trade policies) designed to
foster private sector development in Ecuador and declaring the
Page  2
Guarantor's commitment to the execution of the Program;
      (D)   the Borrower has contracted with the Inter-American
Development Bank (IDB) for loans (the IDB Loans) in an amount
equivalent to $102,200,000 to assist in financing the Project on the
terms and conditions set forth in agreements (the IDB Loan Agree-
ments) entered into between the Borrower and IDB and dated April 5,
1992;
      (E)   the Borrower has contracted with the Corporacion Andina
de Fomento (CAF) for a loan (the CAF Loan) in an amount equivalent
to $25,000,000 to assist in financing the Project on the terms and
conditions set forth in an agreement (the CAF Loan Agreement)
entered into between the Borrower and CAF and dated September 14,
1992; and
      WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter alia, of the
foregoing, to extend the Loan to the Borrower upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                               ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements for Single Currency Loans" of the Bank, dated
February 9, 1993, with the modifications set forth in Schedule 6 to
this Agreement (the General Conditions) constitute an integral part
of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth,
and the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "BCE" means the Guarantor's Banco Central del Ecuador
(Central Bank of Ecuador);
      (b)   "Charter" means the Ley Constitutiva de la Corporacion
Financiera Nacional (Law Creating the Borrower) contained in the
Guarantor's Supreme Decree No. 2062, dated December 20, 1977, as
amended to the date of this Agreement;
      (c)   "Credit Regulation Manual" means the Borrower's
Reglamento de Credito, satisfactory to the Bank, referred to in
Section 6.01 (d) of this Agreement;
      (d)   "Environmental Coordination Unit" means the Borrower's
Unidad de Coordinacion Ambiental which shall be responsible within
the Borrower for handling all environmental matters arising with
regard to the execution of Part A of the Project;
      (e)   "Environmental Manual" means the Borrower's Manual de
Evaluacion del Impacto Ambiental, dated February 5, 1993, which
governs the handling of environmental matters under Part A of the
Project;
      (f)   "Equity Valuation and Sales Plan" means the Borrower's
Politica de Desinversion de la Participacion Accionaria de la CFN,
dated September 3, 1992, specifying the timetable, rules and
procedures for the Borrower's divestment of its equity holdings;
      (g)   "Financial Intermediary" means the Guarantor's Banco
Nacional de Fomento (National Development Bank) or any private
commercial bank or private finance or private leasing company
legally established and operating in the territory of the Guarantor,
which is in good standing with SB (as hereinafter defined) and meets
the eligibility criteria specified in Section I, paragraph 1 of
Schedule 7 to this Agreement;
Page  3
      (h)   "Financial Intermediaries Unit" means the Borrower's
Unidad de Intermediarios Financieros which shall be responsible for
selecting Financial Intermediaries to participate in the Project;
      (i)   "Financing Division" means the Borrower's Division de
Finanzas which shall be responsible for negotiating interest rates
on Intermediary Loans and administering the auction mechanism which
may be established pursuant to Section 3.12 of this Agreement;
      (j)   "Free-limit Lease" means a Lease (as hereinafter
defined) of the type referred to in paragraph 4 (b) of Section I of
Schedule 7 to this Agreement;
      (k)   "Free-limit Subloan" means a Subloan (as hereinafter
defined) of the type referred to in paragraph 4 (b) of Section I of
Schedule 7 to this Agreement;
      (l)   "Institutional Development Plan" means the Borrower's
plan, to be prepared and carried out with the proceeds of one of the
IDB Loans, for adapting the Borrower to its conversion into an
exclusively second-tier (wholesale) banking operation from a
partially first-tier (retail) banking operation;
      (m)   "Intermediary Loan" means a loan made or proposed to be
made, with the proceeds of the Loan and pursuant to a Participation
Agreement (as hereinafter defined), by the Borrower to a Financial
Intermediary;
      (n)   "Investment Enterprise" means a private enterprise
engaged in, or to be established for the purpose of engaging in, a
productive activity and whose fixed assets, excluding land and
buildings, are worth the equivalent of $200,000 or more (or such
other amount as the Borrower and the Bank shall agree) and to which
a Financial Intermediary proposes to make or has made a Subloan (as
hereinafter defined) or a Lease (as hereinafter defined);
      (o)   "Investment Project" means a specific project (relating
to the carrying out of productive activities such as manufacturing,
mining, fishing, food production, agriculture and other natural
resource extraction or processing activities, but not relating to
the provision of services except for transportation, tourism or data
processing services) to establish an Investment Enterprise or to
increase or improve the physical resources or productivity of an
existing Investment Enterprise, by means of, without limitation,
purchase or construction of fixed assets (excluding land), leasing
of equipment and provision of working capital, training or technical
assistance, as required for such Investment Enterprise to carry out
such specific project, and which is financed under a Subloan (as
hereinafter defined) or involves a Lease (as hereinafter defined);
      (p)   "Lease" means an arrangement whereby an Investment
Enterprise, for purposes of carrying out an Investment Project and
by periodically paying a rental fee to a Financial Intermediary
which is a leasing company, obtains the use of (and eventual option
to buy) equipment owned by such Financial Intermediary;
      (q)   "Lease Agreement" means an agreement, entered into
between an Investment Enterprise and a Financial Intermediary which
is a leasing company, for purposes of carrying out a Lease;
      (r)   "Monetary Law" means the Ley de Regimen Monetario
(Decree Law No. 02) published in the Guarantor's Registro Oficial on
May 7, 1992;
      (s)   "Operating Policy Guidelines" means the Lineamientos
Generales de Politica approved by the Borrower's Board on February
16, 1993;
      (t)   "Participation Agreement" means an agreement to be
entered into by the Borrower with a Financial Intermediary pursuant
to Section 3.02 of this Agreement;
Page  4
      (u)   "Project Account" means the account referred to in
Section 3.10 of this Agreement;
      (v)   "Resource Mobilization Plan" means the Borrower's Plan
de Movilizacion de Recursos, dated July 2, 1992, specifying the
measures to be taken by the Borrower to raise funds for its
operations;
      (w)   "SB" means the Guarantor's Superintendencia de Bancos;
      (x)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (y)   "Subloan" means a loan made or proposed to be made, with
the proceeds of an Intermediary Loan, by a Financial Intermediary to
an Investment Enterprise for an Investment Project;
      (z)   "Subloan Agreement" means an agreement, entered into
between an Investment Enterprise and a Financial Intermediary, for
purposes of making a Subloan; and
      (aa)  "Sucre" or "Sucres" means the currency of the Guarantor.
                            ARTICLE II
                             The Loan
      Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the Borrower, on the
terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the Loan Agreement,
various currencies that shall have an aggregate value equivalent to
the amount of seventy five million Dollars ($75,000,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Loan may be withdrawn from
the Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement for amounts paid (or, if the Bank shall so agree, to
be paid) by the Borrower on account of: (i) withdrawals made by an
Investment Enterprise under a Subloan to meet the reasonable cost of
works, goods and services required for the Investment Project in
respect of which the withdrawal from the Loan Account is requested;
and (ii) withdrawals made by a Financial Intermediary under an
Intermediary Loan to meet the reasonable cost of equipment (leased
or to be leased by such Financial Intermediary to an Investment
Enterprise) required for the Investment Project in respect of which
the withdrawal from the Loan Account is requested.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in Dollars in BCE a special deposit account on
terms and conditions satisfactory to the Bank. Deposits into, and
payments out of, the Special Account shall be made in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 1, 1999 or such
later date as the Bank shall establish. The Bank shall promptly
notify the Borrower and the Guarantor of such later date.
      Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a commitment
charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per
annum on the principal amount of the Loan not withdrawn from time to
time.
      Section 2.05. (a) The Borrower shall pay interest on the
principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time to
time, at a rate for each Interest Period equal to Single Currency
LIBOR, plus one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%), plus or minus the
Average Margin as provided in paragraph (b) (iv) below.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    "Interest Period" means the initial period from
                   and including the date of this Agreement to but
                   not including the first Interest Payment Date
                   and thereafter the period from and including any
Page  5
                   Interest Payment Date to but not including the
                   next Interest Payment Date.
            (ii)   "Interest Payment Date" means any date specified
                   in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
            (iii)  "Single Currency LIBOR" means the London inter-
                   bank offered rate for Dollars, expressed as a
                   percentage per annum, reasonably determined by
                   the Bank in accordance with Schedule 8 to this
                   Agreement for the January 15 or July 15 on which
                   an Interest Period commences (or, for the ini-
                   tial Interest Period, the January 15 or July 15
                   preceding the date of this Agreement or on which
                   such Interest Period commences).
            (iv)   "Average Margin" means, for any Interest Period,
                   the weighted average margin, for the Semester
                   preceding the relevant January 15 or July 15,
                   between: (A) the cost of the outstanding
                   borrowings of the Bank or portions thereof
                   allocated to the funding of single currency
                   loans in all currencies, and (B) the specific
                   London and, for French francs, Paris interbank
                   offered rates or other such reference rates
                   attributable to such borrowings in each such
                   currency, all as reasonably determined by the
                   Bank and expressed as a percentage per annum.
                   For any Interest Period in which (A) exceeds
                   (B), the Average Margin shall be added under
                   paragraph (a) above. For any Interest Period in
                   which (B) exceeds (A), the Average Margin shall
                   be subtracted under paragraph (a) above. Not-
                   withstanding the foregoing, the Average Margin
                   for the Interest Period ending July 14, 1993
                   shall be minus 0.28%.
            (v)    "Semester" means the first six months or second
                   six months of a calendar year.
      (c)   After the Bank shall have determined Single Currency
LIBOR and the Average Margin for any Interest Period, the Bank shall
promptly notify the Guarantor and the Borrower of such determina-
tion.
      Section 2.06. Interest and other charges shall be payable
January 15 and July 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Loan in accordance with the amortization schedule set forth in
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project;
             Management and Operations of the Borrower
      Section 3.01. The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project, conduct
its operations and affairs in accordance with sound financial
standards and practices, with qualified management and personnel,
and in accordance with the Charter and the Operating Policy
Guidelines and Credit Regulation Manual and provide, promptly as
needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for the Project.
      Section 3.02. (a) The Borrower shall, for purposes of Part A
of the Project, relend proceeds of the Loan to Financial Intermedi-
aries in accordance with the procedures set forth in Schedule 7 to
this Agreement and under Participation Agreements to be entered into
Page  6
between the Borrower and each Financial Intermediary, containing
terms and conditions satisfactory to the Bank which shall include,
inter alia:
            (i)    rights adequate to protect the interests of the
                   Bank, the Borrower and the Guarantor, including
                   the right to suspend or terminate the right of
                   the Financial Intermediary to the use of the
                   proceeds of the Loan upon failure by such Finan-
                   cial Intermediary to perform its obligations
                   under the Participation Agreement; and
           (ii)    the applicable terms and conditions set forth or
                   referred to in Schedule 7 to this Agreement.
      (b)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
Participation Agreements in such manner as to: (i) protect the
interests of the Bank, the Borrower and the Guarantor; (ii) comply
with its obligations under this Agreement; and (iii) achieve the
purposes of the Project. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
the Borrower shall not assign or fail to enforce any Participation
Agreement or any provision thereof. The Borrower shall provide to
the Bank a copy of each Participation Agreement immediately after
each such Participation Agreement is entered into.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower undertakes that, unless the Bank
shall otherwise agree, Subloans and Leases shall be made in
accordance with the procedures and on the terms and conditions set
forth or referred to in Schedule 7 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.04. (a) (i) Beginning: (A) after the sum referred to
in paragraph (b) of this Section has reached $25,000,000 equivalent;
or (B) one year after the Effective Date (whichever occurs first),
the Bank may cease the approval of applications or the authorization
of withdrawals under paragraph 5 (a) and (b) of Section I of
Schedule 7 to this Agreement. (ii) Such cessation may continue
unless the Bank shall be satisfied, after an exchange of views as
described in Section 3.03 (a) of the Guarantee Agreement, and based
on evidence satisfactory to the Bank: (A) with the progress achieved
by the Guarantor in carrying out the Program; and (B) that the
actions referred to in Section 3.03 (c) of the Guarantee Agreement
have been performed in form and substance satisfactory to the Bank.
If after such exchange of views the Bank shall have reasonably
considered as non-satisfactory such progress or such performance,
such cessation may continue until the Guarantor shall have taken
remedial action so as to demonstrate progress or performance
satisfactory to the Bank.
      (b)   The sum referred to in paragraph (a) of this Section
shall be the sum of: (i) Subloans for which applications have been
approved pursuant to paragraph 5 (a) of Section I of Schedule 7 to
this Agreement; (ii) Subloans for which withdrawals have been
authorized pursuant to paragraph 5 (b) of Section I of Schedule 7 to
this Agreement; (iii) the value of equipment for which Lease
applications have been approved pursuant to paragraph 5 (a) of
Section I of Schedule 7 to this Agreement; and (iv) the value of
equipment for which Lease withdrawals have been authorized pursuant
to paragraph 5 (b) of Section I of Schedule 7 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The Borrower shall, every six months after the Effective
Date, present to the Bank for review and comments a report, in such
form and detail as the Bank shall reasonably request, on the
progress of the Project, which reports shall include, inter alia,
detailed information on interest rates charged on Intermediary Loans
and Subloans and detailed information on implementation of the
Institutional Development Plan.
      Section 3.05. The Bank and the Borrower hereby agree that the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and
9.09 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods
and services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) shall be carried out, in respect
Page  7
of Investment Projects, by Investment Enterprises pursuant to
Subloan Agreements or Lease Agreements.
      Section 3.06. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.07. No later than one year after the Effective Date,
the Borrower shall have begun implementation of the Institutional
Development Plan.
      Section 3.08. The Borrower shall, throughout the course of
Project implementation, staff and maintain in a manner satisfactory
to the Bank the Environmental Coordination Unit, the Financial
Intermediaries Unit and the Financing Division. The Financial
Intermediaries Unit staff shall include a consultant to assist the
Borrower in the selection of Financial Intermediaries to participate
in Part A of the Project, and the Financing Division staff shall
include a consultant to assist the Borrower in negotiating with
Financial Intermediaries the interest rates to be applied to
Intermediary Loans.
      Section 3.09. The Borrower shall make Intermediary Loans to
Financial Intermediaries that are leasing companies only if: (a)
there is equivalent tax treatment in Ecuador for leasing operations
and for purchase operations financed with credit; and (b) SB
supervises leasing companies under a regulatory framework (which
framework, inter alia, would impose loss provisioning and minimum
capital requirements on leasing companies) similar to that under
which it regulates commercial banks.
      Section 3.10. (a) The Borrower shall maintain in BCE, on terms
and conditions satisfactory to the Bank, the Project Account into
which it shall deposit: (i) repayments of, and interest earned on,
Intermediary Loans; and (ii) any Loan proceeds, received by the
Borrower directly from the Loan Account or withdrawn from the
Special Account, to reimburse the Borrower for amounts it may have
chosen to advance to a Financial Intermediary under an Intermediary
Loan (which advanced amounts can in no case be Loan proceeds). The
Borrower shall manage the Project Account so as to maximize the net
financial return to the Borrower by obtaining interest on the
Project Account at a rate at least equal to the average earnings
rate generated by BCE's liquid Dollar reserves.
      (b)   Unless the Bank shall otherwise agree, the Borrower
shall use the amounts deposited into the Project Account to: (i)
cover administrative costs of Part A of the Project; (ii) generate
the net financial return referred to in paragraph (a) of this
Section; and (iii) pay amounts due under the Loan and make loans to
Financial Intermediaries in accordance with the Credit Regulation
Manual and substantially in the same terms and conditions of, and
for the same purposes as, the Intermediary Loans.
      Section 3.11. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, the
Borrower shall not amend, abrogate, waive or fail to enforce the
Operating Policy Guidelines or Credit Regulation Manual or any
provision thereof.
      Section 3.12. Within a year of the date of this Agreement, the
Borrower shall present to the Bank an action plan, satisfactory to
the Bank, for establishing and making use of an auction mechanism to
allocate Loan proceeds to Financial Intermediaries through Interme-
diary Loans and to determine the interest rates for such Intermedi-
ary Loans. The Borrower shall carry out such action plan according
to the terms thereof if the Bank and the Borrower agree that the
action plan is feasible.
      Section 3.13. The Borrower shall, one year after the Effective
Date, present to the Bank for review and comments a report, in such
form and detail as the Bank shall reasonably request, on the
progress made by the Borrower in implementing the Equity Valuation
Page  8
and Sales Plan.
      Section 3.14. The Borrower shall, one year after the Effective
Date, present to the Bank for review and comments a report, in such
form and detail as the Bank shall reasonably request, on the
progress made by the Borrower in implementing the Resource Mobiliza-
tion Plan.
      Section 3.15. (a) For all Sucre-denominated loans it may make
(other than those in Sucres indexed to Dollars), the Borrower shall:
(i) charge a variable interest rate equal to a freely market-
determined reference rate widely-published by BCE and satisfactory
to the Bank (such as the tasa basica, the tasa pasiva referencial,
or the tasa activa referencial), plus a spread negotiated with the
loan recipient; and (ii) give the loan recipient the option, to be
exercised only at the time of agreeing to the loan, to capitalize
the interest accrued on the loan, to the extent allowed by the
Monetary Law, in such a manner (satisfactory to the Bank) that debt
service on the loan would take place in amounts constant, in real
terms, during the maturity of the loan.
      (b)   In the case of any loans it may make, in Dollars or in
Sucres indexed to Dollars, the Borrower shall charge a variable
interest rate (the CFN Rate) equal to the interest rate (defined in
Section 2.05 (a) of this Agreement) in effect the day such CFN Rate
is agreed upon with the Borrower's loan recipient, plus a spread
negotiated with such loan recipient. Such CFN Rate shall subse-
quently be adjusted every January 15 and July 15 during the maturity
of such loans so as to equal the interest rate (defined in Section
2.05 (a) of this Agreement) in effect the day of such adjustment
plus the aforementioned spread.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. The Borrower shall maintain procedures and
records adequate to monitor and record the progress of the Project
and of each Investment Project (including its cost and the benefits
to be derived from it) and to reflect in accordance with consistent-
ly maintained sound accounting practices the operations and
financial condition of the Borrower.
      Section 4.02. (a) The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records referred to in Section 4.01 of
                   this Agreement, its accounts and financial
                   statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                   and expenses and related statements) and records
                   and accounts for the Special Account and the
                   Project Account for each fiscal year audited in
                   accordance with sound auditing principles con-
                   sistently applied, by independent private audi-
                   tors acceptable to the Bank;
            (ii)   furnish to the Bank, as soon as available but in
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year: (A) certified copies of said
                   financial statements for such year as so audit-
                   ed; and (B) the report of such audit by said
                   auditors, of such scope and in such detail as
                   the Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
            (iii)  furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning the said records, accounts and finan-
                   cial statements and the audit thereof as the
                   Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      (b)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
Page  9
            (i)    maintain, in accordance with Section 4.01 of
                   this Agreement, records and accounts reflecting
                   such expenditures;
            (ii)   retain, and with respect to Part A of the Pro-
                   ject cause each Financial Intermediary to re-
                   tain, until at least one year after the Bank has
                   received the audit report for the fiscal year in
                   which the last withdrawal from the Loan Account
                   was made, all records (contracts, orders, in-
                   voices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                   evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)    enable, and with respect to Part A of the Pro-
                   ject cause each Financial Intermediary to en-
                   able, the Bank's representatives to examine such
                   records; and
           (iv)    ensure that such records and accounts are in-
                   cluded in the annual audit referred to in para-
                   graph (a) of this Section and that the report of
                   such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                   auditors as to whether the statements of expen-
                   diture submitted during such fiscal year, to-
                   gether with the procedures and internal controls
                   involved in their preparation, can be relied
                   upon to support the related withdrawals.
      Section 4.03. The Borrower shall take such steps satisfactory
to the Bank as shall be necessary to protect itself against risk of
loss resulting from changes in the rates of exchange between Sucres
and Dollars (or any currency other than Sucres which the Borrower
may in the future use in its operations).
      Section 4.04. The Borrower shall, throughout the course of
Project implementation, maintain its capital at a level no less than
10% of its risk assets, as such percentage is calculated pursuant to
Regulation 731-91 of the Guarantor's Junta Monetaria (Monetary
Board), which regulation may be amended or replaced from time to
time, but only in a manner consistent with internationally recog-
nized financial institution regulatory standards.
                             ARTICLE V
                       Remedies of the Bank
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (l) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   the Charter shall have been amended, suspended,
abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially and
adversely the operations or the financial condition of the Borrower
or its ability to carry out the Project or to perform any of its
obligations under this Agreement;
      (b)   the Borrower shall have engaged in any first-tier
(retail) lending operations;
      (c)   the interest rates charged on any loans (including
Intermediary Loans) made by the Borrower after the date of this
Agreement shall, in the reasonable opinion of the Bank, not have
been freely market-determined;
      (d)   the interest rates charged on any Subloans made after
the date of this Agreement shall, in the reasonable opinion of the
Bank, not have been freely market-determined;
      (e)   the Monetary Law or any part thereof shall have been
amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed, waived or not enforced in
such a manner that, in the reasonable opinion of the Bank, the
carrying out of the Project shall be materially and adversely
affected;
Page  10
      (f)   the exchange rate referred to in paragraph 2 (a) of
Section I of Schedule 7 to this Agreement and in paragraphs 2 (a),
4 and 5 of Section II of Schedule 7 to this Agreement shall have
ceased to be published by BCE or shall, in the reasonable opinion of
the Bank, have ceased to be freely market-determined; and
      (g)    (i)   subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph:
                   (A)   the right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                         proceeds of the IDB Loans or the CAF Loan
                         shall have been suspended, cancelled or
                         terminated in whole or in part, pursuant
                         to the terms of the IDB Loan Agreements or
                         the CAF Loan Agreement, or
                   (B)   any of the IDB Loans or the CAF Loan shall
                         have become due and payable prior to the
                         agreed maturity thereof.
            (ii)   subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not
                   apply if the Borrower establishes to the satis-
                   faction of the Bank that: (A) such suspension,
                   cancellation, termination or prematuring is not
                   caused by the failure of the Borrower to perform
                   any of its obligations under the IDB Loan Agree-
                   ments or the CAF Loan Agreement; and (B) ade-
                   quate funds for the Project are available to the
                   Borrower from other sources on terms and condi-
                   tions consistent with the obligations of the
                   Borrower under this Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   the events specified in paragraphs (a), (b), (c), (d),
(e) and (f) of Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur; and
      (b)   the event specified in paragraph (g) (i) (B) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur, subject to the proviso of
paragraph (g) (ii) of that Section.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Loan Agreement within the
meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   all conditions precedent to the first disbursement under
each of the IDB Loan Agreements shall have been fulfilled, other
than those related to the effectiveness of this Agreement;
      (b)   the Environmental Coordination Unit, Financial Interme-
diaries Unit and Financing Division shall have been created and
staffed (with, inter alia, the two consultants referred to in
Section 3.08 of this Agreement) in a manner satisfactory to the Bank
and shall be ready to assume their responsibilities under the
Project;
      (c)   the Borrower shall have entered into three Participation
Agreements, satisfactory to the Bank, each of which shall be with a
different Financial Intermediary; and
      (d)   the Borrower shall have prepared and formally adopted
the Credit Regulation Manual.
      Section 6.02. The date October 4, 1993 is hereby specified for
the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
Page  11
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The General Manager of the Borrower is designat-
ed as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of Section
11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
             Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              197688 (TRT)
      For the Borrower:
            Corporacion Financiera Nacional
            Juan Leon Mera No. 130 y Avenida Patria
            Casilla 172101924
            Quito, Ecuador
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   CORFINAL                  2193
                   Quito, Ecuador            2444
        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                         CORPORACION FINANCIERA NACIONAL
                         By /s/ Leonardo Stagg Descalzi
                                         Authorized Representative
/s/ Sixto Duran Ballen
Constitutional President of the
  Republic of Ecuador
  Acting as Honorary Witness
Page  12
                             SCHEDULE 1
              Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the allocation of the
amounts of the Loan to each Category and the percentage of expendi-
tures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category             Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
      Subloans and              75,000,000      In the case of
      Leases under                              Subloans, at most
      Part A of                                 94% of the amounts
      the Project                               disbursed under a
                                                Subloan and, in
                                                the case of Leases,
                                                at most 94% of
                                                expenditures
                                                incurred by a
                                                Financial Inter-
                                                mediary to purchase
                                                equipment to be
                                                leased
                                __________
      TOTAL                     75,000,000
                                ==========
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of: (a) a Subloan or a Lease
(and therefore of an Intermediary Loan) unless the Subloan or the
Lease, as the case may be, has been made in accordance with the
procedures and on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
in Schedule 7 to this Agreement; and (b) payments made for expendi-
tures prior to the date of this Agreement.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objective of the Project is to support private sector
development in Ecuador by implementing the Guarantor's Program,
achieving institutional strengthening of the Borrower and Financial
Intermediaries, and providing equipment (through leasing) and mid-
and long-term financing to facilitate Investment Projects.
      The Project consists of the following Parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Bank and the Borrower may agree upon
from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Investment Projects
      Carrying out of Investment Projects by Investment Enterprises
financed by Subloans, or supported by Leases, made by Financial
Intermediaries.
Part B:     Institutional Strengthening of the Borrower and
            Financial Intermediaries
1.    Preparation and carrying out of the Borrower's Institutional
Development Plan.
2.    Provision of training and technical assistance to Financial
Intermediaries with regard to the evaluation and monitoring of
projects such as Investment Projects.
                               * * *
Page  13
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 1, 1998.
                            SCHEDULE 3
                       Amortization Schedule
                                      Payment of Principal
      Date Payment Due               (expressed in Dollars)*
January 15, 1999                           1,400,000
July 15, 1999                              1,455,000
January 15, 2000                           1,510,000
July 15, 2000                              1,565,000
January 15, 2001                           1,620,000
July 15, 2001                              1,685,000
January 15, 2002                           1,745,000
July 15, 2002                              1,810,000
January 15, 2003                           1,875,000
July 15, 2003                              1,945,000
January 15, 2004                           2,020,000
July 15, 2004                              2,095,000
January 15, 2005                           2,170,000
July 15, 2005                              2,255,000
January 15, 2006                           2,335,000
July 15, 2006                              2,425,000
January 15, 2007                           2,515,000
July 15, 2007                              2,605,000
January 15, 2008                           2,705,000
July 15, 2008                              2,805,000
January 15, 2009                           2,910,000
July 15, 2009                              3,015,000
January 15, 2010                           3,130,000
July 15, 2010                              3,245,000
January 15, 2011                           3,365,000
July 15, 2011                              3,490,000
January 15, 2012                           3,620,000
July 15, 2012                              3,755,000
January 15, 2013                           3,895,000
July 15, 2013                              4,035,000
_____________________________
*     The figures in this column represent the amount in Dollars to
      be repaid, except as provided in Section 4.04 (d) of the
      General Conditions.
                           SCHEDULE 4
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C of this Section, goods and works
shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of
the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines).
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods or works to be
financed out of the proceeds of Subloans (or out of Intermediary
Loans in the case of equipment to be leased to Investment Enterpris-
es) under Part A of the Project shall be grouped into bid packages
estimated to cost the equivalent of $3,000,000 or more.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 of this Section, goods manufactured in Ecuador
may be granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and
Page  14
subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the
Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
      Goods or works estimated to cost the equivalent of less than
$3,000,000 per contract or per bid package, to be financed out of
the proceeds of Subloans (or out of Intermediary Loans in the case
of equipment to be leased to Investment Enterprises) under Part A of
the Project, may be procured: (1) under contracts awarded on the
basis of comparison of price quotations obtained from at least two
suppliers or contractors eligible under the Guidelines, in accor-
dance with procedures acceptable to the Bank; (2) under contracts
awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Bank; or (3) if
allowed by paragraph 3.5 of the Guidelines, pursuant to direct
contracting.
Part D:      Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to: (i) each contract procured under Part
A.1 of this Section; and (ii) the first contract procured under Part
C of this Section to be financed by each Financial Intermediary with
the proceeds of its Intermediary Loan, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Bankprior to the 
making of the first payment out of the Special Account
in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, said procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals are to be
made on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Part E:     Use of Standard Documents
      All procurement of goods and works to which international or
local competitive bidding applies shall be carried out using
standard bidding documents acceptable to the Bank.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower or Investment Enterprises in
carrying out the Project, the Borrower shall, and an Investment
Enterprise may if allowed pursuant to a Subloan Agreement, employ
consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms and condi-
tions of employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank. Such
consultants shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World
Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981 (the
Consultants Guidelines).
Section III.  Special Provisions
Page  15
A.    In addition and without limitation to any other provisions set
forth in this Schedule or the Guidelines, the following principles
of procurement shall expressly govern all procurement of goods and
works referred to in Part A of Section I of this Schedule:
1.    Bids must be submitted in one single envelope, and the name of
each bidder and the total amount of each bid, as well as any
alternative proposals, if they have been requested or permitted,
shall be read aloud when opened.
2.    Foreign bidders must not be required to have a local represen-
tative for purposes of submitting bids, but may be required to have
such a representative upon entering into contracts which they have
been awarded.
3.    Foreign bidders must be permitted to have their financial
solvency certified by a foreign bank acceptable to the procuring
party without recertification by any Ecuadoran bank or other
Ecuadoran person or entity.
4.    Bid and performance bonds and guarantees issued by foreign
sureties approved by the procuring party must be admissible without
recertification or other participation by any Ecuadoran bank or
other Ecuadoran person or entity.
5.    Letters of credit issued to any supplier of goods or provider
of services must not be required to be counter-guaranteed by such
supplier or provider in whole or in part. This shall not prevent
purchasers from obtaining other performance warranties from
suppliers.
B.    In addition and without limitation to any other provisions set
forth in this Schedule or the Guidelines, the following principles
of procurement shall expressly govern all procurement undertaken
pursuant to competitive bidding, advertised locally, referred to in
Part C of Section I of this Schedule:
1.    Foreign contractors and suppliers shall be allowed to bid on
all contracts.
2.    The date for the opening of bids shall be set on a date which
shall be at least thirty days from the date of the last advertise-
ment of the invitation to bid.
3.    The invitation to bid shall be advertised for at least three
days in a newspaper of wide circulation in Ecuador.
4.    Contracts must be awarded to the lowest evaluated bidder in
accordance with criteria set forth in the bidding documents.
C.    In addition to and without limitation to any other provisions
set forth in this Schedule or the Consultants Guidelines, the
following principles of procurement shall expressly govern all
procurement of consultants' services referred to in Section II of
this Schedule:
1.    Foreign consultants must not be required to be locally
registered as a condition of participation in the selection process,
but may be required to be so registered, at the time of contracting,
if the Borrower and the Bank so agree.
2.    Foreign consultants must not be required, either directly or
indirectly, to give any participation in or share of any consulting
contracts to any local firm or person, except in connection with a
joint venture arrangement where: (i) a sufficient number of capable
domestic firms or individual consultants exist to allow a foreign
consultant reasonable freedom of choice; (ii) the contribution of
either party to the joint venture arrangement will not be con-
strained by any prescribed manner or extent of participation; and
(iii) the foreign consultant is not required to associate itself
with any specific named domestic firms or individual consultants.
Page  16
3.    Foreign consulting firms shall not be required, as a condition
to provide services in Ecuador under contracts to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Loan, to be registered in Ecuador with a minimum
capital different from that required for Ecuadoran firms.
4.    Foreign consultants, either individuals or firms, providing
services under contracts financed out of the proceeds of the Loan,
shall not be required to pay fees to the Ecuadoran Consultants'
Association that are different from those required for Ecuadoran
consultants.
Section IV.  Internal Approvals
      The approval by the Contralor General del Estado (National
Controller General) and the Procurador General del Estado (National
Attorney General), referred to in Article 18 of Ley No. 95, of
August 2, 1990 (Ley de Contratacion Publica), shall be limited to
the standard bidding documents referred to in Section I, Part E of
this Schedule.
                           SCHEDULE 5
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means the Category set
forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement, provided,
however, that notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 4 (b) of
Section I of Schedule 7 to this Agreement, payments for expenditures
to be financed out of the proceeds of Free-limit Subloans, or
payments for expenditures to purchase equipment to be leased under
a Free-limit Lease, may be made out of the Special Account before
the Bank shall have authorized withdrawals from the Loan Account in
respect thereof. Such expenditures, however, shall qualify as
eligible expenditures only if the Bank shall subsequently authorize
such withdrawals; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $5,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Loan Account and
deposited in the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to it that
the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   for withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Bank a request or requests for a
deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the
Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests, the
Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan
Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or amounts as
the Borrower shall have requested;
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Bank requests for
                   deposits into the Special Account at such inter-
                   vals as the Bank shall specify.
Page  17
            (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank the
                   documents and other evidence required pursuant
                   to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment
                   or payments in respect of which replenishment is
                   requested. On the basis of each such request,
                   the Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                   withdraw from the Loan Account and deposit into
                   the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                   shall have requested and as shall have been
                   shown by said documents and other evidence to
                   have been paid out of the Special Account for
                   eligible expenditures.
      All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the Loan
Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Bank shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Bank such documents and other
evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Bank shall not be required to make further deposits
into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Bank shall have determined that all
further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly from the
Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Article V of the
General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this
Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated
to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any outstanding
special commitment entered into by the Bank pursuant to Section 5.02
of the General Conditions with respect to the Project, shall equal
the equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Loan Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated to the eligible Categories
shall follow such procedures as the Bank shall specify by notice to
the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and
to the extent that the Bank shall have been satisfied that all such
amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date
of such notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an expenditure
or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of this
Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to the
Bank, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank: (A)
provide such additional evidence as the Bank may request; or (B)
deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Bank shall so request,
refund to the Bank) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or
the portion thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless the Bank
shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Bank into the
Special Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such
evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be required to
cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the Borrower
shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank, refund to the Bank such
outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Bank, refund to the
Bank all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the Special
Account.
Page  18
      (d)   Refunds to the Bank made pursuant to paragraphs 6 (a),
(b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Loan Account
for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance with the
relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the General
Conditions.
                            SCHEDULE 6
              Modifications of the General Conditions
      For purposes of this Agreement, the provisions of the General
Conditions are modified as follows: the words "the Bank may, by
notice to the Borrower and the Guarantor, terminate the right of the
Borrower to make withdrawals with respect to such amount. Upon the
giving of such notice, such amount of the Loan shall be cancelled"
set forth at the end of Section 6.03 are deleted and the following
is substituted therefor:
            "or (f) by the date specified in paragraph 5 (c) of
      Section I of Schedule 7 to the Loan Agreement, the Bank shall,
      in respect of any portion of the Loan: (i) have received no
      applications or requests permitted under subparagraphs (a) or
      (b) of said paragraph; or (ii) have denied any such applica-
      tions or requests, the Bank may, by notice to the Borrower and
      the Guarantor, terminate the right of the Borrower to submit
      such applications or approvals or to make withdrawals from the
      Loan Account, as the case may be, with respect to such amount
      or portion of the Loan. Upon the giving of such notice, such
      amount or portion of the Loan shall be cancelled.".
                          SCHEDULE 7
              Procedures for and Terms and Conditions
            of Intermediary Loans, Subloans and Leases
Section I.  Intermediary Loans
1.    To qualify as a Financial Intermediary and thus be eligible to
enter into a Participation Agreement and receive an Intermediary
Loan, an entity must satisfy the eligibility criteria and be
selected according to the procedures specified in the Credit
Regulation Manual, which criteria must, inter alia, include that the
entity:
      (a)   meet the capital and reserve requirements specified in
Regulation 731-91 of the Guarantor's Junta Monetaria (Monetary
Board) (or, in the case of entities which are leasing companies,
meet similar requirements contained in a regulation which may be
issued to comply with Section 3.09 of this Agreement), as such
requirements may be amended from time to time in a manner consistent
with internationally recognized financial institution regulatory
standards;
      (b)   meet the loss provision requirements specified in
Regulation 88-124 of the Guarantor's Junta Monetaria (Monetary
Board) (or, in the case of entities which are leasing companies,
meet similar requirements contained in a regulation which may be
issued to comply with Section 3.09 of this Agreement), as such
requirements may be amended from time to time in a manner consistent
with internationally recognized financial institution regulatory
standards;
      (c)   be current in meeting its obligation to have had its
financial statements audited by external auditors approved by SB;
and
      (d)   have adequate staff (or have hired consultants satisfac-
tory to the Borrower and financed with proceeds other than those of
an Intermediary Loan) and procedures to carry out efficient Subloan
or Lease promotion and Investment Project evaluation and supervision
(including efficient evaluation and supervision of the procurement
Page  19
and environmental elements of an Investment Project).
2.    Intermediary Loans shall be made in accordance with procedures
and under terms and conditions set forth in the Credit Regulation
Manual, which procedures, terms and conditions must, inter alia,
include that:
      (a)   (i) Intermediary Loans shall be disbursed wholly in
Sucres indexed to Dollars (at the free market exchange rate for the
Dollar published by BCE for the date of the disbursement) or wholly
in Dollars; (ii) the amortization schedule of Intermediary Loans
shall be expressed in Dollars and the principal of Intermediary
Loans shall be repayable in Dollars or in Sucres indexed to Dollars
as set forth, mutatis mutandis, in paragraph 4 of Section II of this
Schedule; and (iii) the interest on Intermediary Loans shall be
payable in Dollars or in Sucres indexed to Dollars as set forth,
mutatis mutandis, in paragraph 5 of Section II of this Schedule;
      (b)   interest rates on Intermediary Loans shall be agreed
upon pursuant to direct negotiations between the Borrower and
Financial Intermediaries (unless the auction mechanism referred to
in Section 3.12 of this Agreement comes into effect, in which case
such interest rates shall be agreed upon pursuant to said auction
mechanism);
      (c)   the original interest rate on Intermediary Loans (the
CFN Rate) shall be the interest rate (defined in Section 2.05 (a) of
this Agreement) in effect the day such CFN Rate is agreed upon with
the relevant Financial Intermediary, plus a specified spread agreed
pursuant to subparagraph (b) of this paragraph. Such CFN Rate shall
subsequently be adjusted every January 15 and July 15 during the
maturity of the Intermediary Loan so as to equal the interest rate
(defined in Section 2.05 (a) of this Agreement) in effect the day of
each such adjustment plus the aforementioned spread;
      (d)   the principal amount of each Intermediary Loan shall be
repaid, irrespective of whether the Subloan or Subloans in question
are repaid, on the same terms and conditions applicable to the
Subloans made from the proceeds of such Intermediary Loan, provided,
however, that if a Subloan or any part thereof shall be repaid to
the Financial Intermediary in advance of maturity, or, if a Subloan
or any part thereof shall be sold, transferred, assigned or
otherwise disposed of for value by the Financial Intermediary, the
Financial Intermediary shall promptly repay to the Borrower the
amount of the Intermediary Loan corresponding to such Subloan or any
part thereof so repaid in advance or disposed of for value; and
      (e)   if the proceeds of an Intermediary Loan are used to make
a Lease, the principal amount of such Intermediary Loan shall be
repaid, irrespective of whether rental payments on the Lease in
question are made, on terms and conditions which shall include a
maturity equal to the term of the Lease in question and principal
installments of a periodicity equal to that of rent payments under
such Lease and in an amount equal to the amortization component of
each such rent payment (as such component is calculated pursuant to
paragraph 13 of Section II of this Schedule), provided, however,
that if the option to buy under a Lease is exercised by the lessee
in advance of such Lease's term, or, if a Lease or any part thereof
shall be sold, transferred, assigned or otherwise disposed of for
value by the Financial Intermediary, the Financial Intermediary
shall promptly repay to the Borrower the amount of the Intermediary
Loan corresponding to the amount paid by the lessee to exercise the
option to buy or received by the Financial Intermediary upon its
disposal for value of the Lease or part of such Lease.
3.    Participation Agreements shall, inter alia, contain:
      (a)   the obligation of the Financial Intermediary to maintain
the staffing referred to in paragraph 1 (d) of this Section;
      (b)   the obligation of the Financial Intermediary to maintain
compliance with the requirements referred to in paragraph 1 (a) and
Page  20
(b) of this Section;
      (c)   the obligation of the Financial Intermediary to generate
net income representing a positive return on equity (calculated in
a manner satisfactory to the Bank) throughout the term of its
Participation Agreement;
      (d)   the obligation of the Financial Intermediary to: (i)
maintain records and accounts adequate to reflect, in accordance
with sound accounting practices, its operations and financial
condition, including records and separate accounts regarding its
activities under Part A of the Project; (ii) have such records and
accounts, together with its financial statements (balance sheets,
statements of income and expenses and related statements), for each
fiscal year audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
principles consistently applied, by independent auditors acceptable
to the Borrower and the Bank; (iii) furnish to the Borrower no later
than six months after the end of each such year (A) certified copies
of its financial statements for such year as so audited and (B) the
report of such audit by said auditors of such scope and in such
detail as the Borrower shall have reasonably requested; and (iv)
furnish to the Borrower such information and documentation as
required to allow the Borrower to comply with its obligations under
Article IV of this Agreement;
      (e)   the obligation of the Financial Intermediary to finance
at least six percent of each Subloan from proceeds other than those
of the Loan (the maturity of the portion of a Subloan financed from
proceeds other than those of the Loan can be shorter than the
maturity of the rest of the Subloan, but in no case can be shorter
than six months);
      (f)   the obligation of the Financial Intermediary to finance
at least six percent, from proceeds other than those of the Loan, of
the purchase price of equipment to be leased to an Investment
Enterprise; and
      (g)   the obligation of the Financial Intermediary to comply
with the applicable terms of the Credit Regulation Manual.
4.    No expenditures for goods, works or services required for an
Investment Project shall be eligible for financing out of the
proceeds of the Loan (and therefore out of the proceeds of an
Intermediary Loan) unless:
      (a)   the Subloan or Lease for such Investment Project shall
have been approved by the Bank and such expenditures shall have been
made not earlier than one hundred and eighty days prior to the date
on which the Bank shall have received the application and informa-
tion required under paragraph 5 (a) of this Section in respect of
such Subloan or Lease; or
      (b)   the Subloan or Lease for such Investment Project shall
have been a Free-limit Subloan or Free-limit Lease for which the
Bank has authorized withdrawals from the Loan Account and such
expenditures shall have been made not earlier than one hundred and
eighty days prior to the date on which the Bank shall have received
the request and information required under paragraph 5 (b) of this
Section in respect of such Free-limit Subloan or Free-limit Lease.
For purposes of this Agreement, a Free-limit Subloan shall be a
Financial Intermediary's first or subsequent Subloan after such
Financial Intermediary has obtained Loan proceeds for three previous
Subloans and a Free-limit Lease shall be a Financial Intermediary's
first or subsequent Lease after such Financial Intermediary has
obtained Loan proceeds for three previous leases.
5.    (a)   When presenting a Subloan or Lease (other than a
Free-limit Subloan or Free-limit Lease) to the Bank for approval,
the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank an application, in form
satisfactory to the Bank, together with: (i) a description of the
Investment Enterprise and an appraisal of the Investment Project,
including a description of the expenditures proposed to be financed
Page  21
out of the proceeds of the Loan or the equipment proposed to be
leased; (ii) the proposed terms and conditions of the Subloan or
Lease, including the schedule of amortization of the Subloan or
schedule of rental payments under the Lease; and (iii) such other
information as the Bank shall reasonably request.
      (b)   Each request by the Borrower for authorization to make
withdrawals from the Loan Account in respect of a Free-limit Subloan
or Free-limit Lease shall contain: (i) a summary description of the
Investment Enterprise and the Investment Project, including a
description of the expenditures proposed to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan or the equipment proposed to be leased, and
(ii) the terms and conditions of the Subloan or Lease, including the
schedule of amortization of the Subloan or schedule of rental
payments under the Lease.
      (c)   Applications and requests made pursuant to the provi-
sions of subparagraphs (a) and (b) of this paragraph shall be
presented to the Bank on or before June 1, 1997.
Section II: Subloans and Leases
1.    To qualify for a Subloan or Lease, an Investment Enterprise
and Investment Project must be appraised by a Financial Intermediary
in accordance with the applicable terms of the Credit Regulation
Manual and must meet the criteria specified in such Credit Regula-
tion Manual and in the Environmental Manual (which criteria shall,
inter alia, include that each Investment Project must be expected to
yield a financial rate of return in real terms, calculated in a
manner satisfactory to the Bank, of no less than twelve percent).
2.    (a)   Subloans shall be disbursed in Sucres indexed to Dollars
(at the free market exchange rate for the Dollar published by BCE
for the date of the disbursement), in Dollars or in a combination of
both; (b) the amortization schedule of Subloans shall be expressed
in Dollars and the principal of Subloans shall be repayable in
Dollars or in Sucres indexed to Dollars as set forth in paragraph 4
of this Section; and (c) the interest on Subloans shall be payable
in Dollars or in Sucres indexed to Dollars as set forth in paragraph
5 of this Section. Each Subloan must exceed the amount of $85,000
equivalent and no one Investment Enterprise may at any one time have
outstanding Subloan amounts aggregating more than $5,000,000
equivalent.
3.    The original interest rate on a Subloan (the Subloan Rate)
shall be the interest rate (defined in Section 2.05 (a) of this
Agreement) in effect the day such Subloan Rate is agreed upon with
the relevant Investment Enterprise, plus a specified spread agreed
pursuant to direct negotiations between the Financial Intermediary
and the Investment Enterprise. Such Subloan Rate shall subsequently
be adjusted every January 15 and July 15 during the maturity of the
Subloan so as to equal the interest rate (defined in Section 2.05
(a) of this Agreement) in effect the day of each such adjustment
plus the aforementioned spread.
4.    An Investment Enterprise that wishes to repay the principal of
a Subloan using Sucres indexed to Dollars shall pay the Financial
Intermediary Sucres equal in value (at the free market exchange rate
published by BCE for the date on which the pertinent Subloan
principal installment is paid) to the amount in Dollars correspond-
ing to such installment.
5.    Similarly, an Investment Enterprise that wishes to pay
interest on a Subloan using Sucres indexed to Dollars shall pay the
Financial Intermediary Sucres equal in value (at the aforementioned
free market exchange rate for the date on which the pertinent
interest is paid) to the amount in Dollars calculated by applying
the Subloan Rate (as defined in paragraph 3 of this Section) to such
Subloan's outstanding Dollar-denominated principal.
6.    Subloans to finance goods or works shall have a maturity of
from one to twelve years with a maximum grace period of three years.
Page  22
Subloans for other purposes shall have a maturity of from one to
three years with a maximum grace period of six months. Leases shall
have a term of from one to twelve years with no grace period for
rental payments.
7.    Subloans shall be made on terms whereby the Financial
Intermediary shall obtain, by written Subloan Agreement with the
Investment Enterprise, rights adequate to protect the interests of
the Bank and the Borrower, including the right to:
      (a)   require the Investment Enterprise to carry out and
operate the Investment Project with due diligence and efficiency and
in accordance with sound technical, financial, environmental and
managerial standards and to maintain adequate records;
      (b)   require that: (i) the goods, works and services to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be procured in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement; and
(ii) such goods, works and services shall be used exclusively in the
carrying out of the Investment Project;
      (c)   inspect, by itself or jointly with representatives of
the Bank if the Bank shall so request, such goods and the sites,
works, plants and construction included in the Investment Project,
the operation thereof, and any relevant records and documents;
      (d)   require that: (i) the Investment Enterprise shall take
out and maintain with responsible insurers such insurance, against
such risks and in such amounts, as shall be consistent with sound
business practice; and (ii) without any limitation upon the
foregoing, such insurance shall cover hazards incident to the
acquisition, transportation and delivery of goods financed out of
the proceeds of the Loan to the place of use or installation, any
indemnity thereunder to be made payable in a currency freely usable
by the Investment Enterprise to replace or repair such goods;
      (e)   obtain all such information as the Bank or the Borrower
shall reasonably request relating to the foregoing and to the
administration, operations and financial condition of the Investment
Enterprise and to the benefits to be derived from the Investment
Project;
      (f)    require the Investment Enterprise to finance at least
fifteen percent of the Investment Project's cost with funds of its
own that have not been borrowed (such funds contributed by the
Investment Enterprise cannot be used to cover working capital
expenses or recurrent labor costs, nor can the Investment
Enterprise's contribution requirement be met through contributions
in kind or investments made in the past);
      (g)   require the Investment Enterprise to comply with
environmental conditions which are specified as a result of the
appraisal of the Investment Project under paragraph 1 of this
Section;
      (h)   require the Investment Enterprise to comply with its
obligations referred to in Section 3.05 of this Agreement; and
      (i)   suspend or terminate the right of the Investment
Enterprise to the use of the proceeds of the Loan upon failure by
such Investment Enterprise to perform its obligations under its
Subloan Agreement.
8.    Leases shall be made on terms whereby the Financial Intermedi-
ary shall obtain, by written Lease Agreement with the Investment
Enterprise, rights adequate to protect the interests of the Bank and
the Borrower, including rights identical to those set forth in
paragraph 7 (a), (b) (ii), (c), (e), (g) and, when applicable, (h)
of this Section, as well as the right to terminate the Lease upon
failure by such Investment Enterprise to perform its obligations
under its Lease Agreement.
Page  23
9.    For a Subloan which exceeds the sum of $1,000,000 equivalent
(by itself or added to any outstanding amount on all other Subloans
to the same Investment Enterprise from the same Financial Intermedi-
ary and to any outstanding amount on all other loans of any kind to
the same Investment Enterprise from the same Financial Intermedi-
ary), and for a Subloan which is not a Free-limit Subloan, the
Financial Intermediary shall obtain prior approval from the Borrower
after presenting to the Borrower the materials and information
regarding Subloans referred to in paragraph 5 (a) of Section I of
this Schedule, as well as (in the case of a Subloan which exceeds
the sum of $2,000,000 equivalent) presenting a feasibility study of
the Investment Project in question and an analysis of the operation-
al and financial situation of the Investment Enterprise in question.
10.   For a Subloan not covered by paragraph 9 of this Section, the
Borrower shall authorize withdrawals from the Intermediary Loan in
question after receiving from the Financial Intermediary the
materials and information regarding Subloans referred to in
paragraph 5 (b) of Section I of this Schedule, as well as a written
declaration from the Financial Intermediary stating that the Subloan
complies with all the requirements of Subloans under Part A of the
Project. If the Borrower or the Bank at any point discovers that a
Subloan for which withdrawals have been authorized pursuant to this
paragraph has not complied with all such requirements, the Borrower
or the Bank may require that all Subloans made by the Financial
Intermediary in question be covered by paragraph 9 of this Section.
11.   For a Lease of equipment valued in excess of the sum of
$1,000,000 equivalent (by itself or added to any other equipment
still on lease to the same Investment Enterprise from the same
Financial Intermediary), and for a Lease which is not a Free-limit
Lease, the Financial Intermediary shall obtain prior approval from
the Borrower after presenting to the Borrower the materials and
information regarding Leases referred to in paragraph 5 (a) of
Section I of this Schedule, as well as (in the case of a Lease of
equipment valued in excess of the sum of $2,000,000 equivalent)
presenting a feasibility study of the Investment Project in question
and an analysis of the operational and financial situation of the
Investment Enterprise in question.
12.   For a Lease not covered by paragraph 11 of this Section, the
Borrower shall authorize withdrawals from the Intermediary Loan in
question after receiving from the Financial Intermediary the
materials and information regarding Leases referred to in paragraph
5 (b) of Section I of this Schedule, as well as a written declara-
tion from the Financial Intermediary stating that the Lease complies
with all the requirements of Leases under Part A of the Project. If
the Borrower or the Bank at any point discovers that a Lease for
which withdrawals have been authorized pursuant to this paragraph
has not complied with all such requirements, the Borrower or the
Bank may require that all Leases made by the Financial Intermediary
in question be covered by paragraph 11 of this Section.
13.   Each Lease Agreement shall contain a schedule of rent payments
for the Lease in question, and each rent payment in such schedule
shall consist in part of an amortization component, the amount of
which is clearly identified in the Lease Agreement, which component
shall be calculated as if: (a) the Lease were a loan for the amount
of the leased equipment's value; (b) each rent payment were a
payment of interest and principal under such loan; and (c) each
amortization component were the principal amount included in each
such payment of interest and principal. If and when an Investment
Enterprise exercises its option under the Lease to buy the leased
equipment, it shall purchase the equipment by paying to the
Financial Intermediary the sum of the amortization components of the
rent payments still outstanding.
                            SCHEDULE 8
                Single Currency LIBOR Determination
1.    Single Currency LIBOR for any Interest Period shall be the
Page  24
offered rate for deposits in Dollars for a period of six months
which appears on the display designated as page "3750" on the
Telerate monitor (or such other page or service as may replace it
for the purpose of displaying London interbank offered rates of
major banks for Dollars deposits), as of 11:00 a.m. (London time) on
the second day on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open
for business in London prior to the relevant January 15 or July 15
(the Interest Determination Date).
2.    If such rate does not appear on the Telerate monitor or on
such service as may replace it, the Bank shall request the London
offices of four major banks to provide the Bank with the rate at
which deposits in Dollars are offered by such banks on the Interest
Determination Date to leading banks in the London interbank market
for a period of six months ending on the last day of such Interest
Period. Single Currency LIBOR for such Interest Period shall be the
arithmetic mean (rounded upwards if necessary to the fifth decimal
place) of such offered quotations as determined by the Bank.
3.    If not more than one major bank provides the Bank with such
quotations under paragraph 2 above, Single Currency LIBOR shall be
the arithmetic mean (rounded upwards if necessary to the fifth
decimal place) determined by the Bank of the rates quoted by at
least two major banks in New York City selected by the Bank on the
Interest Determination Date for loans in Dollars to leading European
banks for a period of six months ending on the last day of such
Interest Period. If fewer than two of the banks so selected are
quoting such rates, Single Currency LIBOR shall be the single
currency in effect for the last preceding Interest Period.
