Page  1
                                                     CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3609 EC
                        Guarantee Agreement
               (Private Sector Development Project)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF ECUADOR
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                        Dated July 2, 1993
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3609 EC
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 2, 1993, between REPUBLIC OF ECUADOR
(the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Corporacion Financiera Nacional
(the Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasibility and
priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the
Project; and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to seventy five million
dollars ($75,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the Guarantor agree to
guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of such loan as
provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
Page  2
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower and to undertake such
other obligations as set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements for Single Currency Loans" of the Bank, dated
February 9, 1993, with the modifications set forth in the Loan
Agreement (the General Conditions), constitute an integral part of
this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to and Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. Without limitation or restriction upon any of
its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor
hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not as
surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and
interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on
the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of all the
other obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan
Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the Guarantor
specifically undertakes, whenever there is reasonable cause to
believe that the funds available to the Borrower will be inadequate
to meet the estimated expenditures required for the carrying out of
the Project, to make arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank,
promptly to provide the Borrower, or cause the Borrower to be
provided, with such funds as are needed to meet such expenditures.
                            ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. Without any limitation or restriction upon any
of its other obligations under this Agreement, the Guarantor shall:
(a) take all measures required to assist the Borrower in carrying
out its obligations under the Loan Agreement; and (b) not take or
permit to be taken any action which would prevent or interfere with
the performance by the Borrower of its obligations under the Loan
Agreement.
      Section 3.02. Without any limitation or restriction upon any
of its other obligations under this Agreement, the Guarantor shall,
through the Guarantor's Junta Monetaria (Monetary Board), allow the
Borrower to maintain accounts in Dollars in BCE and obtain interest
on such accounts as specified in Section 3.10 (a) of the Loan
Agreement so that the Borrower may, inter alia, protect itself
against risk of loss resulting from changes in the rate of exchange
between the Sucres it receives as Intermediary Loan repayments and
the Dollars in which the Loan is denominated.
      Section 3.03. (a) At the time the Bank may begin to cease
approval of applications or authorization of withdrawals as set
forth in Section 3.04 (a) of the Loan Agreement, the Guarantor, the
Borrower and the Bank shall exchange views on the progress achieved
in carrying out the Program and on the performance of the actions
referred to in paragraph (c) (i)-(ii) of this Section.
Page  3
      (b)   Prior to the exchange of views referred to in paragraph
(a) of this Section, the Guarantor shall furnish to the Bank for its
review and comment a report on the progress achieved in carrying out
the Program and on the performance of the actions referred to in
paragraph (c) (i)-(ii) of this Section, in such detail as the Bank
shall reasonably request, as well as an analysis and recommendation
as to the advisability of amending Article 34 of the Monetary Law to
allow more extensive interest capitalization.
      (c)   The actions referred to in paragraph (a) of this Section
are that:  (i) the Guarantor has maintained all measures detailed or
referred to in the Policy Letter which had already been implemented
as of the date of the Policy Letter, as well as all such measures
which had been implemented subsequent to the date of the Policy
Letter and prior to the date of this Agreement; (ii) the Guarantor
is maintaining simplified export and import procedures, is applying
tariffs no higher than 20% ad valorem (no higher than 40% ad valorem
in the case of automobiles) to goods imported into Ecuador, and has
eliminated all quantitative restrictions on imports into and exports
out of Ecuador, except for those restrictions reasonably justified
on public morals, environmental, health or national security grounds
(which restrictions are not maintained as disguised restrictions on
international trade); and (iii) the Guarantor has, if the Bank so
requests, presented for approval by its Congress a proposal to amend
Article 34 of the Monetary Law so as to allow the interest capital-
ization referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section.
                            ARTICLE IV
            Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 4.01. The Minister of Finance and Public Credit of the
Guarantor is designated as representative of the Guarantor for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Ministry of Finance and Public Credit
            Avenida 10 de Agosto y Jorge Washington
            Quito, Ecuador
            Cable address:                       Telex:
                   MINFINANZAS                     22358 MINFIN-ED
                   Quito, Ecuador
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
                 Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                       Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                       248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.                 82987 (FTCC)
                                                    64145 (WUI) or
                                                   197688 (TRT)
        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
Page  4
                         REPUBLIC OF ECUADOR
                         By /s/ Mario Ribadeneira
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
/s/ Sixto Duran Ballen
Constitutional President of the
  Republic of Ecuador
  Acting as Honorary Witness
