Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3580 JM
                          Loan Agreement
              (Reform of Secondary Education Project)
                              between
                              JAMAICA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                         Dated May 7, 1993
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3580 JM
                          LOAN AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated May 7, 1993, between JAMAICA (the Borrower)
and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the
Bank).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Bank to assist in the financing of
the Project;
      (B)   the Borrower intends to obtain a grant in an amount
equivalent to two million seven hundred twenty thousand dollars
($2,720,000) (the Netherlands Grant) from the Bank acting as
administrator (in such capacity the Administrator) of funds to be
provided by the Kingdom of the Netherlands; and
      WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter alia, of the
foregoing, to extend the Loan to the Borrower upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth below (the General Conditions) constitute an
integral part of this Agreement:
Page  2
      (a)   The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      (b)   In Section 6.02, subparagraph (k) is re-lettered as
subparagraph (l) and a new subparagraph (k) is added to read:
            "(k)  An extraordinary situation shall have arisen under
      which any further withdrawals under the Loan would be
      inconsistent with the provisions of Article III, Section 3 of
      the Bank's Articles of Agreement."
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Academic Year" means the period between September 1 of
a year and June 30 of the succeeding year;
      (b)   "CARICOM" means the Caribbean Common Market created by
the General Treaty for the Caribbean Community signed at
Chaguaramas, Trinidad and Tobago, on July 4, 1970 by Anguilla,
Antigua, Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Dominica, Grenada, Guyana,
Jamaica, Montserrat, St. Kitts-Nevis, St. Lucia, St. Vincent and
Trinidad and Tobago;
      (c)   "Fiscal Year" means the period between April 1 of a year
and March 31 of the succeeding year;
      (d)   "HRDP Annual Review" means the annual review of the
Human Resources Development Program supported by the Social Sector
Development Project, carried out by the Borrower in accordance with
Section 3.02 of the Loan Agreement entered into between the Borrower
and the Bank on August 8, 1989;
      (e)   "JBTE" means the Joint Board of Teachers' Education, an
entity created by the Borrower's University Ordinance;
      (f)   "JBTE Agreement" means the agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and JBTE for purposes of carrying out in-
service training for teachers under Part A.2 of the Project;
      (g)   "MLWS" means the Borrower's Ministry of Labor, Welfare
and Sports;
      (h)   "MOEC" means the Borrower's Ministry of Education and
Culture;
      (i)   "MOH" means the Borrower's Ministry of Health;
      (j)   "Netherlands Grant Agreement" means the agreement to be
entered into between the Borrower and the Administrator providing
for the Netherlands Grant for purposes of assisting in the financing
of Part C of the Project;
      (k)   "Newly Created Posts" means the posts within MOEC listed
in Schedule 8 to this Agreement;
      (l)   "Output Indicators" means the indicators and targets,
set forth in Schedule 7 to this Agreement, to be used for monitoring
the Project implementation, as the same may be amended by agreement
between the Borrower and the Bank;
      (m)   "PIOJ" means the Borrower's Planning Institute of
Jamaica, an entity created by the Planning Institute of Jamaica Act,
of 1984;
      (n)   "Plan for Rationalization of the Examination System"
means the Borrower's plan to rationalize the Borrower's educational
examination system described in the Borrower's letter to the Bank
dated February 26, 1993;
Page  3
      (o)   "Quarterly Warrant Release" means the authorization from
the Borrower's Ministry of Finance to the Borrower's Accountant
General specifying the amounts to be disbursed pursuant to such
authorization for capital expenditures for the succeeding quarter;
      (p)   "Reform Management Team" means the administrative
structure within MOEC created for purposes of planning, coordinating
and directing the implementation of the ROSE Program and the
Project, described in the Borrower's letter to the Bank dated
February 8, 1993;
      (q)   "Reform Management Team Secretariat" means the executive
secretariat of the Reform Management Team, comprised of a national
coordinator, an administrator, a public relations officer and
support staff;
      (r)   "ROSE Program" means the Borrower's program to reform
secondary education in Jamaica approved by the Borrower on May 20,
1991;
      (s)   "Selected School" means each school listed in the
Borrower's letter to the Bank dated December 22, 1992 and any school
that shall have been selected to be included in the Project, in a
manner satisfactory to the Borrower and the Bank, based on the
criteria set forth in Schedule 6 to this Agreement, in accordance
with Section 3.03 of this Agreement, and "Selected Schools" means
all of such schools;
      (t)   "SLC" means Survey of Living Conditions, a household
survey carried out annually by STATIN (as hereinafter defined) to
assess the living conditions in Jamaica;
      (u)   "Social Policy Analysis Unit" means the PIOJ's Social
Policy Analysis Unit;
      (v)   "Social Sector Projects" means the Education Program
Preparation and Student Loan Project, the Population and Health
Project and the Social Sectors Development Project, carried out by
the Borrower in accordance with the Loan Agreements, entered into
between the Borrower and the Bank on February 10, 1988, June 24,
1987 and August 8, 1989, respectively;
      (w)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (x)   "STATIN" means the Borrower's Statistical Institute of
Jamaica, an entity created by the Statistics Act, of 1949, as
amended in 1984;
      (y)   "Subsidiary Agreement" means the agreement to be entered
into between the Borrower and UWI for purposes of carrying out Part
C.3 of the Project;
      (z)   "UWI" means the University of the West Indies; and
      (aa)  "Voluntary School" means a school, other than a Selected
School, that has voluntarily adopted the ROSE Program and has been
included in the ROSE Program by the Borrower in accordance with
Section 3.04 of this Agreement, and "Voluntary Schools" means all of
such schools.
                            ARTICLE II
                             The Loan
      Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the Borrower, on the
terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the Loan Agreement,
various currencies that shall have an aggregate value equivalent to
the amount of thirty-two million Dollars ($32,000,000), being the
sum of withdrawals of the proceeds of the Loan, with each withdrawal
valued by the Bank as of the date of such withdrawal.
Page  4
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Loan may be withdrawn from
the Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the Bank shall so
agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and
services required for the Project described in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of Parts A and B of
the Project, open and maintain in Dollars a special deposit account
in Bank of Jamaica on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Bank.
Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account shall be
made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 6 to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 2000 or
such later date as the Bank shall establish. The Bank shall promptly
notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a commitment
charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per
annum on the principal amount of the Loan not withdrawn from time to
time.
      Section 2.05. (a) The Borrower shall pay interest on the
principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time to
time, at a rate for each Interest Period equal to the Cost of
Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of the preceeding
Semester, plus one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%). On each of the
dates specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower
shall pay interest accrued on the principal amount outstanding
during the preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rate
applicable during such Interest Period.
      (b)   As soon as practicable after the end of each Semester,
the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost of Qualified
Borrowings determined in respect of such Semester.
      (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   "Interest Period" means a six-month period ending
                  on the date immediately preceding each date
                  specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement,
                  beginning with the Interest Period in which this
                  Agreement is signed.
            (ii)  "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the cost, as
                  reasonably determined by the Bank and expressed
                  as a percentage per annum, of the outstanding
                  borrowings of the Bank drawn down after June 30,
                  1982, excluding such borrowings or portions
                  thereof as the Bank has allocated to fund: (A)
                  the Bank's investments; and (B) loans which may
                  be made by the Bank after July 1, 1989 bearing
                  interest rates determined otherwise than as
                  provided in paragraph (a) of this Section.
            (iii) "Semester" means the first six months or the
                  second six months of a calendar year.
      (d)   On such date as the Bank may specify by no less than six
months' notice to the Borrower, paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) (iii) of
this Section shall be amended to read as follows:
                  "(a)  The Borrower shall pay interest on the
            principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding
            from time to time, at a rate for each Quarter equal to
            the Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect
            of the preceding Quarter, plus one-half of one percent
            (1/2 of 1%). On each of the dates specified in Section
            2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall pay interest
            accrued on the principal amount outstanding during the
Page  5
            preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rates
            applicable during such Interest Period."
                  "(b)  As soon as practicable after the end of each
            Quarter, the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost
            of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of such
            Quarter."
                  "(c) (iii) `Quarter' means a three-month period
            commencing on January 1, April 1, July 1 or October 1 in
            a calendar year."
      Section 2.06. Interest and other charges shall be payable
semiannually on May 1 and November 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Loan in accordance with the amortization schedule set forth in
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project, except for
Part C (3) of the Project, through MOEC and PIOJ, and shall cause
UWI, through the Subsidiary Agreement, to carry out Part C (3) of
the Project, with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity
with appropriate educational, administrative, training, economic and
environmental practices, and shall provide and cause to be provided,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for the Project.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, not later than August 15, 1993,
enter into the Subsidiary Agreement under terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree:
      (a)   procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule
4 to this Agreement; and
      (b)   in the procurement of goods and works under the Project,
the Borrower shall utilize, or shall cause to be utilized, standard
bidding documents satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower shall, not later than September 15
of each year during the Project execution, starting on September 15,
1993, select the schools that shall become Selected Schools in the
subsequent Academic Year.
      Section 3.04. During the annual reviews referred to in Section
3.09 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall define the maximum number
of Voluntary Schools that can be included in the ROSE Program by the
Borrower during the forthcoming Academic Year, such maximum number
to be satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 3.05. The Borrower shall adopt, not later than August
15, 1993, and thereafter maintain, a textbook rental scheme for
students in grades 7 through 9, satisfactory to the Bank, including
an effective mechanism to identify and to support the students
unable to pay the rental costs.
      Section 3.06. The Borrower shall carry out the Plan for
Rationalization of the Examination System in a manner and under a
timetable satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 3.07. The Borrower shall:
Page  6
      (a)   maintain the Reform Management Team, including the
Reform Management Team Secretariat, with adequate members, staff,
structure, functions and budget, all satisfactory to the Bank;
      (b)   maintain the Social Policy Analysis Unit with adequate
management, staff, structure, functions and budget, all satisfactory
to the Bank; and
      (c)   maintain an administrative structure in STATIN for
purposes of implementing the SLC, with staff, functions and budget,
all satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 3.08. The Borrower shall prepare and present to the
Bank, during the reviews referred to in Section 3.09 of this
Agreement, a report, in such detail as the Bank shall reasonably
request, on the implementation of the Project, such report to
include, inter alia, detailed information on: (a) the proposed
budget allocation referred to in Section 3.10 of this Agreement; (b)
the budgetary provisions and actual allocations and expenditures
made up to the date of such report in the relevant Fiscal Year; (c)
the Output Indicators; and (d) the problems and issues arising from
the implementation of the Project and, as the case may be, the
adjustments and remedial actions taken by the Borrower.
      Section 3.09. Without limitation to the provisions of Section
9.01 of the General Conditions, the Borrower shall:
      (a)   together with the HRDP Annual Review, but in any case
not later than March 31 of each year during the execution of the
Project, hold annual Project reviews with the Bank, such reviews to
be based on the reports referred to in Section 3.08 of this
Agreement and to focus, inter alia: (i) on the progress in the
execution and in the achievement of the objectives of the Project
based on the Output Indicators; (ii) on the proposed annual
investment program and budgetary allocation for the Project in the
forthcoming Fiscal Year; and (iii) on any changes in the Project
implementation that may be necessary; and
      (b)   not later than March 31, 1996, hold a mid-term
implementation review of the Project with the Bank to assess, inter
alia, and in addition to the items referred to in (a) above, the
meeting of the targets of the Output Indicators and the
effectiveness of the Reform Management Team and of the Project's
mechanisms for setting and carrying out a relevant social research
agenda.
      Section 3.10. Without limitation to any of its obligations
under this Agreement, the Borrower shall allocate in its annual
budget to be proposed to the Borrower's Parliament, during the
execution of the Project, the funds, in an amount satisfactory to
the Borrower and the Bank, necessary to implement the Project in the
relevant Fiscal Year.
      Section 3.11. The Borrower shall, not later than January 15,
April 15, July 15 and October 15 of each year during the Project
implementation, make available to MOEC and PIOJ, through Quarterly
Warrant Releases, funds, in an amount satisfactory to the Borrower
and the Bank, necessary to implement the Project during the relevant
quarter and promptly thereafter inform the Bank of such
availability.
      Section 3.12. The Borrower shall:
      (a)   not later than March 31, 1994, appoint the staff
required to complete the Newly Created Posts, such staff to have
qualifications and experience satisfactory to the Bank; and
      (b)   maintain, at least during the Project implementation,
the Newly Created Posts staffed as required under (a) above and
under Section 6.01 (e) of this Agreement.
      Section 3.13. The Borrower shall, not later than March 31,
Page  7
1994, present to the Bank targets, satisfactory to the Borrower and
to the Bank, for the share of the MOEC's recurrent expenditures
budget for school grades 7 through 9 for each year of Project
implementation.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and separate accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices the operations, resources
and expenditures in respect of the Project of the departments or
agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project or
any part thereof, as well as UWI.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and separate accounts referred
                  to in paragraph (a) of this Section including
                  those for the Special Account for each Fiscal
                  Year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the Bank;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end
                  of each such Fiscal Year, the report of such
                  audit by said auditors, of such scope and in such
                  detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts and the
                  audit thereof as the Bank shall from time to time
                  reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the Bank
                  has received the audit report for the fiscal year
                  in which the last withdrawal from the Loan
                  Account or payment out of the Special Account was
                  made, all records (contracts, orders, invoices,
                  bills, receipts and other documents) evidencing
                  such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Bank's representatives to examine such
                  records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                       Remedies of the Bank
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (l) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
Page  8
      (a)   the Borrower, or any other authority having
jurisdiction, shall have taken any action for the dissolution or
disestablishment of PIOJ, STATIN or UWI or for the suspension of
their operations.
      (b)   (i)   Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph,
                  the right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                  proceeds of the Netherlands Grant shall have been
                  suspended, cancelled or terminated in whole or in
                  part, pursuant to the terms thereof.
           (ii)   Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not
                  apply if: (A) such suspension, cancellation or
                  termination is not caused by the failure of the
                  Borrower to perform any of its obligations under
                  the Netherlands Grant Agreement; and (B) adequate
                  funds for the Project are available to the
                  Borrower from other sources on terms and
                  conditions consistent with the obligations of the
                  Borrower under this Agreement.
      (c)   The JBTE Agreement or the Subsidiary Agreement shall
have been abrogated, amended or waived in a manner which, in the
opinion of the Bank, would materially and adversely affect the
implementation of the Project or the ability of the Borrower to
comply with the provisions of this Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified, namely
that the events specified in paragraphs (a) and (c) of Section 5.01
of this Agreement shall occur.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Loan Agreement within the
meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   the Netherlands Grant Agreement has been duly executed
and delivered by the parties thereto;
      (b)   the Borrower has presented to the Bank the budget
approved by the Borrower's Parliament for the Fiscal Year beginning
in 1993, which shall include funds, in amounts satisfactory to the
Borrower and the Bank, necessary for the carrying out of the Project
and the Social Sector Projects in such Fiscal Year;
      (c)   this Agreement has been laid before the Borrower's
Parliament;
      (d)   the JBTE Agreement has been duly executed and delivered
by the parties thereto, under terms and conditions satisfactory to
the Bank; and
      (e)   the administrator and the public relations officer of
the Reform Management Team Secretariat and the staff for not less
than 50% (fifty percent) of the Newly Created Posts, all with
qualifications and experience satisfactory to the Bank, have been
appointed.
      Section 6.02. The following is specified as an additional
matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (c) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Bank, namely, that the Netherlands Grant Agreement
has been duly authorized  or ratified by, and executed and delivered
by the Borrower and is legally binding upon the Borrower in
accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date August 5, 1993 is hereby specified for
Page  9
the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Minister of Finance and Planning of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Finance and Planning
            30 National Heroes Circle
            Kingston 4
            Jamaica
            Fax:                          Telex:
                  (809) 9249291             2447 FINANCEJA
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
             Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        JAMAICA
                        By /s/ Richard Bernal
                                         Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                        RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                        By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                            SCHEDULE 1
              Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
Page  10
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the allocation of the
amounts of the Loan to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category             Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(1)   Consultants'            11,600,000         100%
      services and
      training for
      Parts A and B
      of the Project
(2)   Goods for Parts          5,300,000         100%
      A and B of the
      Project
(3)   Civil works             12,000,000         85%
      for Part A (5)
      of the Project
(4)    Incremental               500,000         50% of incre-
       recurrent                                 mental recur-
       costs for                                 rent costs up
       Parts A and B                             to $235,800
       of the Project                            equivalent; 40%
                                                 thereafter up
                                                 to incremental
                                                 recurrent costs
                                                 of $783,800
                                                 equivalent; and
                                                 20% of incre-
                                                 mental recurrent
                                                 costs thereafter
                                                 up to an aggre-
                                                 gate of $1,598,300
                                                 equivalent
                             Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category             Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(5)  Unallocated               2,600,000
    TOTAL                     32,000,000
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule, the term "recurrent costs"
means payments for supplies, materials, allowances, operational and
maintenance costs, and salaries of incremental staff and services,
to the extent that such costs are incurred for purposes and as a
result of the implementation of the Project.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement, except that
withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $3,000,000
equivalent, may be made in respect of Categories (1) through (4) of
the table in paragraph 1 of this Schedule on account of payments
made for expenditures before that date but after March 1, 1993.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are: (a) to implement the first
phase of the ROSE Program, aiming to improve the quality and equity
Page  11
of grades 7 through 9, with emphasis on schools serving the poorest
students; (b) to strengthen the capacity of MOEC to plan and to
monitor the impact of the ROSE Program; and (c) to improve the
quality and cost effectiveness of public provision of social
services.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Bank may agree upon
from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Secondary Reform Support:
1.    Introduction of a common curriculum in grades 7 through 9,
including:
      (a)   supply of approximately 10,500 teachers' guides and
manuals for Selected Schools and Voluntary Schools;
      (b)   supply of approximately 1,000 junior high school
handbooks for school administrators;
      (c)   development of a students' continuous assessment system;
      (d)   revision of the new curriculum; and
      (e)   development of curricula for additional subject areas.
2.    Provision of pre-service and in-service training for teachers,
school administrators of Selected Schools and Voluntary Schools and
regional education officers.
3.    Provision of textbooks, including:
      (a)   supply of approximately 162,000 textbooks for students
in grades 7 through 9 of Selected Schools;
      (b)   supply of approximately 71,000 textbooks for students in
low reading proficiency levels of secondary schools other than
Selected Schools and Voluntary Schools;
      (c)   supply of approximately 40,000 reading books for
students of all-age schools other than Selected Schools and
Voluntary Schools; and
      (d)   implementation of a textbook rental program for students
in all-age schools.
4.    Provision of basic educational support materials for Selected
Schools.
5.    Improvement of physical educational infrastructure, including:
      (a)   construction of 3 junior high schools;
      (b)   refurbishing or extension of approximately 27 all-age
schools that are Selected Schools;
      (c)   refurbishing of approximately 10 new-secondary schools
that are Selected Schools; and
      (d)   refurbishing of approximately 20 rural all-age schools
that are Selected Schools.
6.    Development of studies and pilot programs for the improvement
of upper secondary education.
Part B:     Evaluation and Management Strengthening:
1.    Rationalization of the secondary examination system and
development and introduction of a new grade 9 exam.
2.    Establishment and operation of the Reform Management Team.
Page  12
3.    Execution of a public awareness campaign for the ROSE Program.
4.    Development and implementation of an evaluation system for the
ROSE Program.
5.    Preparation of the second phase of the ROSE Program.
Part C:     Social Policy Analysis and Management:
1.    Establishment and operation of the Social Policy Analysis
Unit.
2.    Strengthening of the  social policy analysis capabilities of
MOEC, MOH and MLWS.
3.    Strengthening of social policy analysis capability at the UWI,
including the installation of a data bank.
4.    Strengthening the capacity of STATIN to carry out the SLC.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 2000.
                              SCHEDULE 3
                       Amortization Schedule
                                     Payment of Principal
Date Payment Due                    (expressed in dollars)*
November 1, 1997                             750,000
May 1, 1998                                  780,000
November 1, 1998                             810,000
May 1, 1999                                  840,000
November 1, 1999                             870,000
May 1, 2000                                  900,000
November 1, 2000                             935,000
May 1, 2001                                  970,000
November 1, 2001                           1,005,000
May 1, 2002                                1,045,000
November 1, 2002                           1,085,000
May 1, 2003                                1,125,000
November 1, 2003                           1,165,000
May 1, 2004                                1,210,000
November 1, 2004                           1,255,000
May 1, 2005                                1,300,000
November 1, 2005                           1,345,000
May 1, 2006                                1,395,000
November 1, 2006                           1,450,000
May 1, 2007                                1,505,000
November 1, 2007                           1,560,000
May 1, 2008                                1,615,000
November 1, 2008                           1,675,000
May 1, 2009                                1,740,000
November 1, 2009                           1,805,000
May 1, 2010                                1,865,000
_____________________________
*     The figures in this column represent dollar equivalents
      determined as of the respective dates of withdrawal. See
      General Conditions, Sections 3.04 and 4.03.
Premiums on Prepayment
      Pursuant to Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions, the
Page  13
premium payable on the principal amount of any maturity of the Loan
to be prepaid shall be the percentage specified for the applicable
time of prepayment below:
      Time of Prepayment                         Premium
                                     The interest rate (expressed
                                     as a percentage per annum)
                                     applicable to the Loan on the
                                     day of prepayment multiplied
                                     by:
Not more than three years                        0.18
      before maturity
More than three years but                        0.35
      not more than six years
      before maturity
More than six years but                          0.65
      not more than 11 years
      before maturity
More than 11 years but not                       0.88
      more than 15 years
      before maturity
More than 15 years before                        1.00
      maturity
                            SCHEDULE 4
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines). For fixed-price
contracts, the invitation to bid referred to in paragraph 2.13 of
the Guidelines shall provide that, when contract award is delayed
beyond the original bid validity period, the successful bidder's bid
price will be increased for each week of delay by two predisclosed
correction factors acceptable to the Bank, one to be applied to all
foreign currency components and the other to the local currency
component of the bid price. Such an increase shall not be taken into
account in the bid evaluation.
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for works or goods shall
be grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of
more than $500,000 for works or the equivalent of more than $100,000
for goods.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers and Regional
            Manufacturers
1.    For the purpose of evaluation and comparison of bids for the
supply of goods: (a) bidders shall be required to state in their bid
the c.i.f. (port of entry) price for imported goods, or the ex-
factory price for domestically-manufactured goods; (b) customs
duties and other import taxes on imported goods, and sales and
similar taxes on domestically-supplied goods, shall be excluded; and
(c) the cost to the Borrower of inland freight and other expendi-
tures incidental to the delivery of goods to the place of their use
or installation shall be included.
2.    For goods manufactured in Jamaica and in member countries of
Page  14
CARICOM, the Borrower may grant a margin of preference in accordance
with, and subject to, the following provisions:
      (a)   All bidding documents shall clearly indicate any
preference which will be granted, the information required to
establish the eligibility of a bid for such preference and the
following methods and stages that will be followed in the evaluation
and comparison of bids.
      (b)   After evaluation, responsive bids will be classified in
one of the following groups:
            (i)    Group A: bids offering goods manufactured in
                   Jamaica if the bidder shall have established to
                   the satisfaction of the Borrower and the Bank
                   that the manufacturing cost of such goods
                   includes a value added in Jamaica equal to at
                   least 20% of the ex-factory bid price of such
                   goods.
            (ii)   Group B: all other bids offering goods from
                   within Jamaica.
           (iii)   Group C: bids offering goods manufactured in a
                   country other than Jamaica which is a party to
                   CARICOM and entitled to preferential tariffs
                   thereunder.
            (iv)   Group D: bids offering any other goods.
      (c)   All evaluated bids in each group shall be first compared
among themselves, excluding any customs duties and other import
taxes on goods to be imported and any sales or similar taxes on
goods to be supplied domestically, to determine the lowest evaluated
bid of each group. The lowest evaluated bid of each group shall then
be compared with each other, and if, as a result of this comparison,
a bid from group A or group B is the lowest, it shall be selected
for the award.
      (d)   If, as a result of the comparison under paragraph (c)
above, the lowest evaluated bid is a bid from group C or group D,
all group C and group D bids shall be further compared with the
lowest evaluated bid from group A after adding to the evaluated bid
price of the imported goods offered in each group C and group D bid,
for the purpose of this further comparison only, an amount equal to
the smaller of: (i) the amount of customs duties and other import
taxes which a non-exempt importer would have to pay for the
importation of the goods offered in such group C or group D bid; or
(ii) 15% of the c.i.f. bid price of such goods if said customs
duties and taxes exceed 15% of such price. If the group A bid or a
group C bid is the lowest in such further comparison, it shall be
selected for the award.
      (e)   If, as a result of the further comparison under
paragraph (d) above, a bid from group D is the lowest, all group D
bids shall be finally compared with the lowest evaluated bid from
group C, as determined under paragraph (c) above, after adding to
the evaluated bid price of goods to be imported offered in each
group D bid, for the purpose of this final comparison only, an
amount equal to the smaller of: (i) the difference between the
amount of customs duties and other import taxes which would actually
be payable for the importation of goods offered in such group D bid
and for the importation of goods offered in the group C bid; or (ii)
15% of the c.i.f. bid price of goods to be imported offered in such
group D bid. If the lowest bid in such comparison is the group C
bid, it shall be selected for purposes of award; if not, the lowest
evaluated bid from group D, as determined under paragraph (c) above,
shall be selected for purposes of award.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Works or groups of works estimated to cost the equivalent of
Page  15
$500,000 or less per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent
to $11,000,000, shall be procured under contracts awarded on the
basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
2.    Computer hardware estimated to cost the equivalent of less
than $100,000 per contract shall be procured under contracts awarded
on the basis of limited international competitive bidding, among
manufacturers that are able to provide technical assistance and
local maintenance services, in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Bank.
3.    Printing or developing of books shall be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of limited international competitive
bidding, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
4.    Packaging and distribution of books and educational materials
shall be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
5.    Educational materials shall be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
6.    Goods estimated to cost the equivalent of less than $20,000
per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $250,000,
shall be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison
of price quotations obtained from at least three suppliers eligible
under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to
the Bank.
Part D:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for works estimated to
cost the equivalent of $200,000 or more and to each contract for
goods estimated to cost the equivalent of $100,000 or more, theprocedures set forth in 
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be
made out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be modified
to ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract required to
be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be
furnished to the Bank prior to the making of the first payment out
of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, said procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 6 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals are to be
made on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 10% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall employ or cause to be employed consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of employment
shall be satisfactory to the Bank. Such consultants shall be
selected in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory
Page  16
to the Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                             SCHEDULE 5
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
through (4) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
Parts A and B of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Loan allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories
in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $2,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Loan Account and
deposited in the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to it that
the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Bank a request or requests for a
deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the
Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests, the
Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan
Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or amounts as
the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Bank requests for
                   deposits into the Special Account at such
                   intervals as the Bank shall specify.
            (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank the
                   documents and other evidence required pursuant
                   to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment
                   or payments in respect of which replenishment is
                   requested. On the basis of each such request,
                   the Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                   withdraw from the Loan Account and deposit into
                   the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                   shall have requested and as shall have been
                   shown by said documents and other evidence to
                   have been paid out of the Special Account for
                   eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the Loan
Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Bank shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Bank such documents and other
evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
expenditures.
Page  17
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Bank shall not be required to make further deposits
into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Bank shall have determined that all
further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly from the
Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Article V of the
General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this
Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated
to the eligible Categories for Parts A and B of the Project, less
the amount of any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Bank pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect
to Parts A and B of the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice
the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Loan Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated to the eligible Categories
for Parts A and B of the Project shall follow such procedures as the
Bank shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further
withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent that the Bank
shall have been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit
in the Special Account as of the date of such notice will be
utilized in making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an expenditure
or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of this
Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to the
Bank, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank: (A)
provide such additional evidence as the Bank may request; or (B)
deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Bank shall so request,
refund to the Bank) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or
the portion thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless the Bank
shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Bank into the
Special Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such
evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be required to
cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the Borrower
shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank, refund to the Bank such
outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Bank, refund to the
Bank all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the Special
Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Bank made pursuant to paragraphs 6 (a),
(b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Loan Account
for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance with the
relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the General
Conditions.
                            SCHEDULE 6
                  Selection Criteria for Schools
                   to be included in the Project
      The Borrower will confirm that property ownership for each
site is in its name, or that each site is leased to it for a term of
not less than 49 years.  In addition, schools to be selected for the
Project will be chosen from among all-age and new-secondary schools
based on the following criteria:
1.    Conditions favoring equity of access:
      (a)   Schools located where the population is particularly
            disadvantaged (e.g. rural areas).
Page  18
      (b)   ROSE Program to include a representative geographic
            sample of schools with a broad distribution in the
            Borrower's territory.
2.    Conditions justifying long-term investments:
      (a)   Sites to be adequate to contain the required building
            expansions.
      (b)   Better than average perceived quality of the school
            administration  and its relationship with the community.
      (c)   Better than average performance and commitment of the
            school's academic staff.
      (d)   Positive enrolment trends.
3.    Conditions limiting civil works investment costs:
      (a)   Schools with facilities upgrading supported by existing
            projects of the Borrower.
      (b)   Relatively low upgrading needs of the existing
            facilities.
                            SCHEDULE 7
                         Output Indicators
      The following indicators shall be assessed during annual
reviews to trace progress in Project implementation. In addition,
the specific targets listed below for each indicator shall be used
during the mid-term implementation review referred to in Section
3.09(b) of the Loan Agreement:
Objective 1:       Reform of Secondary Education
      a     Based on the pre- and post-tests from the evaluation
            component:
            -      there should be a difference of at least 25%
                   (twenty five percent) between the pre-test and
                   post-test scores within the classroom; and
            -      post-test scores for Project schools in relation
                   to comparison schools shall be positive and
                   statistically significant.
Objective 2:       Strengthen MOEC capacity to manage/evaluate
      a     Introduction of new grade 9 exam by June 1995 and the
            elimination of the Borrower's Grade Nine Achievement
            Test (GNAT).
      a     In accordance with the exam rationalization plan:
            -      eliminate 16 Jamaica School Certificate (JSC)
                   tests and 3 Secondary School Certificate (SSC)
                   tests; and
            -      transfer to the Borrower's Human Employment and
                   Resource Training Trust, 13 JSC tests and 16 SSC
                   tests.
Objective 3:       Strengthen the Borrower's capacity to undertake
                   relevant social policy analysis
      a     Offer at UWI at least 3 quantitative methods courses to
            be developed under the Project.
      a     Prepare 6 working papers with policy relevance for the
            social sectors of quality commensurate with
Page  19
            international academic standards.
                            SCHEDULE 8
                        Newly Created Posts
Technical Services, Director
Building Coordinator
Building Officers (2)
Senior Accountant
Accountant
Procurement Officer
Chief Information Officer
Office Technologist
Assistant Chief Education Officer, Student Assessment
Senior Education Officer, Evaluation
Senior Education Officer, Training
Senior Education Officer, Media Services
