Page  1
                                                            CONFORMED COPY
                                                      CREDIT NUMBER 2792 GH
                          Development Credit Agreement
              (Non-Bank Financial Institutions Assistance Project)
                                     between
                                REPUBLIC OF GHANA
                                       and
                      INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                           Dated, February 26, 1996
                                                      CREDIT NUMBER 2792 GH
                        DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated February 26, 1996, between REPUBLIC OF
GHANA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association).
      WHEREAS the Association has received a letter, dated
October 13, 1995, from the Borrower describing a program of
objectives and policies to support the activities of non-bank
financial institutions and strengthen the management and
operations of the non-bank financial sector (hereinafter called
the Program), and declaring the Borrower's commitment to the
execution of the Program;
      WHEREAS the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule
2 to this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in
the financing of the Project; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing to extend the Credit to the Borrower
upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                  ARTICLE I
                       General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Page  2
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the modifications set forth below (the
General Conditions), constitute an integral part of this
Agreement:
      (a)   The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      (b)   The second sentence of Section 5.01 is modified to read:
            "Except as the Association and the Borrower shall
      otherwise agree, no withdrawals shall be made:  (a) on
      account of expenditures in the territories of any country
      which is not a member of the Bank or for goods produced
      in, or services supplied from, such territories; or (b)
      for the purpose of any payment to persons or entities, or
      for any import of goods, if such payment or import, to the
      knowledge of the Association, is prohibited by a decision
      of the United Nations Security Council taken under Chapter
      VII of the Charter of the United Nations."
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the
Preamble to this Agreement have the respective meanings
therein set forth, and the following additional terms have
the following meanings:
      (a)   "Bank of Ghana" means the Bank of Ghana, established
pursuant to the Bank of Ghana Law (1992) (P.N.D.C.L. 291);
      (b)   "Cedis" means the currency of the Borrower;
      (c)   "Ghana School of Administration" means the School of
Administration, University of Ghana, Legon;
      (d)   "Ghana Reinsurance Organization" means the Ghana
Reinsurance Organization established pursuant to Ghana
Reinsurance Organization Law, P.N.D.C. Law No.79 of 1984, as
amended;
      (e)   "Ghana Stock Exchange" means the Ghana Stock
Exchange, established pursuant to the Securities Industry Law
1993 (P.N.D.C. L .333);
      (f)   "MOF" means the Borrower's Ministry of Finance;
      (g)   "National Insurance Commission" means the National
Insurance Commission, established pursuant to  L. I. 1505
(1990);
      (h)   "Home Finance Company" means the Home Finance
Company, established pursuant to the Home Finance Company Law
(1991);
      (i)   "Institute of Chartered Accountants of Ghana" means
the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Ghana, registered
with the Registrar General's Department, Ghana;
      (j)   "PCT" means the Project Coordination and
Implementation Team, established by the Borrower to coordinate
the implementation of the Project;
      (k)   "Project Executing Agencies" means:  (i) Bank of
Ghana, (ii) Ghana Reinsurance Organization, (iii) Ghana Stock
Exchange, (iv) National Insurance Commission, (v) Home Finance
Company, (vi) Institute of Chartered Accountants of Ghana,
(vii) Ghana School of Administration, (viii) Securities
Regulatory Commission, (ix) SSNIT, and (x) State Insurance
Company; and the term "revenue-generating Project Executing
Agencies" shall refer to Ghana Reinsurance Company, State
Insurance Company and Home Finance Company;
      (l)   "Project Implementation Manual" means the Project
Page  3
Implementation Manual, adopted by the Borrower in accordance
with Section 6.01 (c) of this Agreement, and describing, inter
alia, the arrangements and procedures for implementing the
Project, with such changes thereto as may be agreed upon from
time to time by the Borrower and the Association;
      (m)   "Privatization Trust" means the trust to be
established pursuant to Part D.2 of the Project;
      (n)   "Securities Regulatory Commission" means Ghana's
Securities Regulatory Commission, established pursuant to the
Securities Industry Law (1993);
      (o)   "Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement to be
entered into between the Borrower and each of the revenue-
generating Project Executing Agencies pursuant to Section 3.01
(c) of this Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to
time, and such term includes all schedules to such agreements;
      (p)   "Subsidiary Grant Agreement" means the agreement to
be entered into between the Borrower and each of the Project
Executing Agencies (other than the revenue-generating Project
Executing Agencies) pursuant to Section 3.01 (d) of this
Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time, and
such term includes all schedules to such agreements;
      (q)   "SSNIT" means the Social Security and National
Insurance Trust, operating pursuant to the Social Securities
Law (1991) (P.N.D.C. L. 247);
      (r)   "State Insurance Corporation" means the State
Insurance Corporation, established pursuant to State Insurance
Corporation Instrument 1965 L.I. 424; and
      (s)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement.
                                 ARTICLE II
                                 The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
in this Agreement, an amount in various currencies equivalent
to sixteen million Special Drawing Rights (SDR 16,000,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be
withdrawn from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures
made (or, if the Association shall so agree, to be made) in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required
for the Project described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b) The Borrower may, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in a
commercial bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association, including appropriate protection against set-off,
seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions
of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 2000 or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The
Association shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later
date.
      Section 2.04. (a)  The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a commitment charge on the principal amount of the
Credit not withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by
the Association as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed
the rate of one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
Page  4
      (b)    The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the
date sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual
date) to the respective dates on which amounts shall be
withdrawn by the Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled;
and (ii) at the rate set as of the June 30 immediately
preceding the accrual date or at such other rates as may be set
from time to time thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a) above.
The rate set as of June 30 in each year shall be applied from
the next payment date in that year specified in Section 2.06 of
this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such
places as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii)
without restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the
territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified
in this Agreement for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the
General Conditions or in such other eligible currency or
currencies as may, from time to time, be designated or selected
pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one per cent
(3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit
withdrawn and outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall
be payable semiannually on June 15 and December 15 in each
year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below,
the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in
semiannual installments payable on each June 15 and December
15, commencing June 15, 2006, and ending December 15, 2035.
Each installment to and including the installment payable on
December 15, 2015, shall be one percent (1%) of such principal
amount, and each installment thereafter shall be two percent
(2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product
per capita, as determined by the Association, shall have
exceeded $790 in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive
years; and (ii) the Bank shall consider the Borrower
creditworthy for Bank lending, the Association may, subsequent
to the review and approval thereof by the Executive Directors
of the Association and after due consideration by them of the
development of the Borrower's economy, modify the terms of
repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower,
the Association may revise such modification to include, in
lieu of some or all of the increase in the amounts of such
installments, the payment of interest at an annual rate agreed
with the Association on the principal amount of the Credit
withdrawn and outstanding from time to time, provided that, in
the judgment of the Association, such revision shall not change
the grant element obtained under the above-mentioned repayment
modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms
pursuant to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines
that the Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated
significantly, the Association may, if so requested by the
Borrower, further modify the terms of repayment to conform to
the schedule of installments as provided in paragraph (a)
above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America
is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the
General Conditions.
Page  5
                                 ARTICLE III
                          Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to
the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out the Project
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative and financial practices, and shall
provide, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services
and other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section, and except as the Borrower and
the Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall carry
out the Project in accordance with the Implementation Program
set forth in Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The Borrower shall relend to the revenue-generating
Project Executing Agencies the amounts from time to time
allocated to Category (1) (a) of the table in paragraph 1 of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement under separate subsidiary loan
agreements (the Subsidiary Loan Agreements) to be entered into
between the Borrower and such revenue-generating Project
Executing Agencies, under terms and conditions which shall have
been approved by the Association, including those set forth in
paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (d)   The Borrower shall grant a portion of the proceeds of
the Credit to the Project Executing Agencies (other than the
revenue-generating Project Executing Agencies) under separate
grant agreements (the Subsidiary Grant Agreements) to be
entered into between the Borrower and such Project Executing
Agencies, under terms and conditions which shall have been
approved by the Association, including those set forth in
paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (e)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreements and Subsidiary Grant Agreements in
such manner as to protect the interests of the Borrower and the
Association and to accomplish the purposes of the Credit and,
except as the Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower
shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive any such agreement
or any provision thereof.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods and consultants' services
required for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule
3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. (a) The Borrower shall carry out, jointly
with the Association and the Project Executing Agencies, not
earlier than December 1, 1997 and not later than March 1, 1998,
a midterm review of the progress made in carrying out the
Project and the Program. This review shall cover, among other
things: (i) adequacy of institutional arrangements employed to
implement the Project; (ii) the success of training provided
under the Project; (iii) the status of procurement under the
Project: (iv) the implementation of the clearing and settlement
system at Ghana Stock Exchange under Part A.1 of the Project;
(v) progress regarding the implementation of restructuring and
privatization programs for State Insurance Company under Part
B.2 of the Project; (vi) progress regarding the implementation
of the capacity building and privatization program for Ghana
Reinsurance Organization under Part B.3 of the Project; (vii)
the design of a payments system under Part C.4 of the Project;
(viii) the results of the diagnostic review regarding the
informal and rural sectors, under Part D.1 of the Project; and
(ix) the status of Project monitoring indicators agreed upon
with the Association.
Page  6
      (b)   The Borrower shall furnish to the Association, at
least 45 days prior to the midterm review described in
paragraph (a) above, a report, in scope and detail satisfactory
to the Association, describing the status of the items listed
in such paragraph and of Project and Program implementation
generally.
      (c)   Based on such midterm review, the Borrower shall
promptly prepare an action plan, acceptable to the Association,
which plan shall deal with any deficiencies in Project and
Program implementation identified during the review.  The
Borrower shall thereafter implement such action plan.
                                 ARTICLE IV
                             Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to
be maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect, in
accordance with sound accounting practices, the operations,
resources and expenditures in respect of the Project of the
departments or agencies of the Borrower (including the Project
Executing Agencies) responsible for carrying out the Project or
any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)     have the records and accounts referred to in
                    paragraph (a) of this Section, including those
                    for the Special Account, for each fiscal year
                    audited, in accordance with appropriate
                    auditing principles consistently applied, by
                    independent auditors acceptable to the
                    Association;
            (ii)    furnish to the Association, as soon as
                    available, but in any case not later than six
                    months after the end of each such year, a
                    certified copy of the report of such audit by
                    said auditors, of such scope and in such
                    detail as the Association shall have
                    reasonably requested; and
            (iii)   furnish to the Association such other
                    information concerning said records, accounts
                    and the audit thereof as the Association shall
                    from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the basis of
statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)     maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                    accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                    records and accounts reflecting such
                    expenditures;
            (ii)    retain, until at least one year after the
                    Association has received the audit report for
                    the fiscal year in which the last withdrawal
                    from the Credit Account or payment out of the
                    Special Account was made, all records
                    (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts
                    and other documents) evidencing such
                    expenditures;
            (iii)   enable the Association's representatives
                    to examine such records; and
            (iv)    ensure that such records and accounts are
                    included in the annual audit referred to in
                    paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
Page  7
                    of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                    auditors as to whether the statements of
                    expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                    together with the procedures and internal
                    controls involved in their preparation, can be
                    relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                                  ARTICLE V
                         Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely
that a situation has arisen which shall make it improbable that
the Program, or a significant part thereof, will be carried
out.
                                 ARTICLE VI
                         Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of the Development
Credit Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the
General Conditions:
      (a)   the Borrower shall have employed an independent
accounting firm and an independent auditor in accordance with
the provisions of Section II of Schedule 3 to this Agreement;
      (b)   the Borrower shall have employed within the PCT a
technical advisor in accordance with the provisions of Section
II of Schedule 3 to this Agreement;
      (c)   the Borrower shall have adopted a project
implementation manual, in form and substance satisfactory to
the Association; and
      (d)   the Borrower has entered into Subsidiary Loan
Agreements, and at least three Subsidiary Grant Agreements,
with Project Executing Agencies.
      Section 6.02. The date ninety (90) days after the date of
this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section
12.04 of the General Conditions.
                                 ARTICLE VII
                 Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. MOF is designated as representative of the
Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for
the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Minister of Finance
            Ministry of Finance
            P.O. Box M40
            Accra, Ghana
            Cable address:                        Telex:
                    ECONOMICON                      2205 MIFAEP GH
                    Accra
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
Page  8
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                        Telex:
                    INDEVAS                         248423 (RCA)
                    Washington, D.C.                 82987 (FTCC)
                                                     64145 (WUI) or
                                                    197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                          REPUBLIC OF GHANA
                          By /s/ Richard Kwame Peprah
                                                  Authorized Representative
                          INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                          By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                                    Regional Vice President
                                                                    Africa
                                 SCHEDULE 1
                  Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of
the amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage
of expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                              Amount of the
                                 Credit              % of
                                Allocated        Expenditures
                              (Expressed in          to be
      Category               SDR Equivalent)       Financed
(1)   Equipment for:                             100% of foreign
                                                 expenditures and
                                                 90% of local
                                                 expenditures
      (a) Revenue-
          Generating
          Project Executing
          Agencies             1,540,000
      (b) Other Project
          Executing
          Agencies             4,240,000
(2)   Consultants'                               100%
      Services, Training
      and Studies for all
      Project Executing
      Agencies                 5,580,000
(3)   For MOF:
Page  9
      (a) Consultants'                           100%
          Services, Training
          and Studies          2,520,000
      (b) Equipment and                          100% of foreign
          Vehicles               670,000         expenditures and
                                                 90% of local
                                                 expenditures
      (c) Operating Costs         70,000         65%
(4)   Unallocated              1,380,000
                               _________
          TOTAL               16,000,000
                              ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country
other than that of the Borrower;
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied
from the territory of the Borrower; and
      (c)   the term "Operating Costs" means incremental
recurrent costs associated with the Project to be incurred by
PCT for fuel, office supplies, vehicle and equipment
maintenance and telephone expenses.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement.
4.    The Association may require withdrawals from the Credit
Account to be made on the basis of statements of expenditure
for expenditures for goods, works and services provided by
firms under contracts not exceeding $100,000 equivalent and for
services provided by individuals under contracts not exceeding
$50,000 equivalent, under such terms and conditions as the
Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower.
                                 SCHEDULE 2
                         Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to: (a) promote the
growth of an efficient, competitive and well regulated non-bank
financial sector, and an efficient payments system, so as to
increase the mobilization of domestic savings, to facilitate
the influx of international capital, and to promote the
competitive supply of financial services; and (b) support the
implementation of the Borrower's divestiture program and
encourage private sector activity in the sector.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to
such modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association
may agree upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:   Capital Markets
1.    Strengthening the operational capacity of the Ghana Stock
Exchange, including:  (a) the design, establishment and
operation of a clearing and settlement system, and the
establishment of operating procedures; (b) improved promotion
and management of equity offerings, trades and related issues,
and improved capacity to advise clients in this regard; (c)
improved management of exchange transactions; and (d) improved
Page  10
capacity to provide training to sectoral institutions and
personnel through the training of staff and the acquisition of
equipment and technical advisory services.
2.    Strengthening the institutional capacity of the Securities
Regulatory Commission to regulate and otherwise support
securities transactions, including the development of
regulations and procedures for the Commission and review of the
legal framework governing securities transactions, through the
training of staff and the acquisition of equipment and
technical advisory services.
3.    Strengthening the institutional capacity of the Bank of
Ghana to supervise non-bank financial institutions, including
development of organizational plans and reforms to the
regulatory framework to strengthen the operation of the non-
bank financial sector, through the training of staff and the
acquisition of equipment and technical advisory services.
Part B:   Savings Industry
1.    Strengthening the institutional capacity of the National
Insurance Commission to regulate the insurance sector,
including development of organizational plans and management
information systems, and development of reforms to the
regulatory framework to support sound insurance practices,
through training of staff and the acquisition of equipment and
technical advisory services.
2.    Strengthening the operational capacity of the State
Insurance Corporation, including development of an
organizational restructuring plan, improved efficiency of its
operations, and development of a privatization strategy,
through the training of staff and the acquisition of equipment
and technical advisory services.
3.    Strengthening the operational capacity of the Ghana
Reinsurance Organization, including development of management
information systems, development and implementation of a
privatization strategy, and development of a strategy to
diversify markets and products, through the training of staff
and the acquisition of equipment and technical advisory
services.
4.    Strengthening the operational capacity of SSNIT, including
the development of new markets and products, through the
training of staff and the acquisition of technical advisory
services.
Part C:   Associated Financial Infrastructure
1.    Improving training for insurance sector personnel through
the establishment of an insurance industry training center,
including the acquisition of training services, equipment and
technical advisory services to support such establishment.
2.    Strengthening the institutional capacity of the Home
Finance Company and associated primary mortgage originating
institutions through the training of staff and acquisition of
equipment.
3.    Strengthening the capacity of the Ghana School of
Administration to provide executive development programs
through the acquisition of equipment and other support for
training.
4.    Strengthening the capacity of the Institute of Chartered
Accountants of Ghana to provide training to accountants through
the acquisition of equipment and other support for training.
5.    Improving the efficiency of the domestic payments system,
including: (a) development of an appropriate regulatory
Page  11
framework, (b) establishment of a financial data communications
system, (c) development of a "real time gross settlement"
system, (d) design of a network automatic teller machine
system, (e) design of a Postal Giro system, (f) computerization
and automation of clearing houses, and (g) implementation of a
human resource development program to support the efficient
operation of these systems, through training of staff and
acquisition of equipment and technical advisory services.
Part D:   Sectoral Management
1.    Improved capacity of MOF to promote the provision of
financial services to the informal and rural sectors through a
diagnostic study of the constraints affecting the delivery of
such services to these sectors, and acquisition of technical
advisory services to support the implementation of pilot
programs to address these constraints.
2.    The establishment by the Borrower of a privatization trust
(the Privatization Trust) to support the Borrower's program to
privatize state-owned enterprises.
3.    Preparation of a diagnostic study regarding the
organizational and training needs of the Ghana Management
Development and Productivity Institute.
                                    * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1999.
                                 SCHEDULE 3
                    Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.    Procurement of Goods
Part A:    General
      Except as otherwise provided in Part C of this Section,
goods shall be procured in accordance with the provisions of
Section I of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans
and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in January 1995 (the
Guidelines) and the following provisions of this Section, as
applicable.
Part B:    International Competitive Bidding
1.    Goods shall be procured under contracts awarded in
accordance with the provisions of Section II of the Guidelines
and paragraph 5 of Appendix 1 thereto.
2.    The following provisions shall apply to goods to be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with the
provisions of paragraph 1 of this Part B.
      (a)   Grouping of contracts.  To the extent practicable,
contracts for goods shall be grouped in bid packages estimated
to cost $100,000  equivalent or more each.
      (b)   Goods shall be exempted from preshipment price
inspection by a third party inspection firm.
      (c)   Preference for domestically manufactured goods.
The provisions of paragraphs 2.54 and 2.55 of the Guidelines
and Appendix 2 thereto shall apply to goods manufactured in the
territory of the Borrower.
Part C:    Other Procurement Procedures
1.    National Competitive Bidding
      Goods estimated to cost less than $100,000 equivalent per
Page  12
contract, up to an aggregate amount not to exceed $2,165,000
equivalent, may be procured under contracts awarded in
accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 3.3 and 3.4 of the
Guidelines.
2.    National Shopping
      Goods estimated to cost $50,000 equivalent or less per
contract, and $875,000 equivalent or less in the aggregate, may
be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
international or national shopping procedures in accordance
with the provisions of paragraph 3.4 of the Guidelines, as
determined by the Borrower prior to such procurement.
Part D:    Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Procurement Planning
      Prior to the issuance of any invitations to prequalify for
bidding or to bid for contracts, the proposed procurement plan
for the Project shall be furnished to the Association, for its
review and approval, in accordance with the provisions of
paragraph 1 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines. Procurement of all
goods and works shall be undertaken in accordance with such
procurement plan as shall have been approved by the Association
and with the provisions of said paragraph 1.
2.    Prior Review
      With respect to each contract for goods estimated to cost
the equivalent of $100,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 3 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
3.    Post Review
      With respect to each contract not governed by paragraph 2
of this Part, the procedures set forth in paragraph 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Section II.    Employment of Consultants
1.    Consultants' services shall be procured under contracts
awarded in accordance with the provisions of the "Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the
World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August
1981 (the Consultant Guidelines).  For complex, time-based
assignments, such contracts shall be based on the standard form
of contract for consultants' services issued by the Bank, with
such modifications as shall have been agreed by the
Association.  Where no relevant standard contract documents
have been issued by the Bank, other standard forms acceptable
to the Association shall be used.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this
Section, the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring
prior Association review or approval of budgets, shortlists,
selection procedures, letters of invitation, proposals,
evaluation reports and contracts shall not apply to: (a)
contracts for the employment of consulting firms estimated to
cost less than $100,000 equivalent each, or (b) contracts for
the employment of individuals estimated to cost less than
$50,000 equivalent each.  However, said exceptions to prior
Association review shall not apply to: (a) the terms of
reference for such contracts, (b) single-source selection of
consulting firms, (c) assignments of a critical nature, as
reasonably determined by the Association, (d) amendments to
contracts for the employment of consulting firms raising the
contract value to $100,000 equivalent or above, or (e)
amendments to contracts for the employment of individual
consultants raising the contract value to $50,000 equivalent or
above.
Page  13
                                 SCHEDULE 4
                           Implementation Program
      The Borrower shall implement, and shall cause the Project
Executing Agencies to implement, the Project in accordance with
the procedures set out in the Project Implementation Manual,
and, except as the Association shall otherwise agree, the
Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive such Manual
or any provision thereof so as to materially and adversely
affect the implementation of the Project.
      The Borrower shall:
      (a)   ensure overall coordination of the Project through
the PCT, under terms of reference satisfactory to the
Association, which shall provide, inter alia, for: (i) support
to the Project Executing Agencies regarding procurement; (ii)
quarterly reviews of the status of implementation of the
Project; and (iii) semiannual progress reports regarding
implementation of the Project;
      (b)   establish within the PCT a project coordination team,
comprising a representative from MOF and each Project Executing
Agency, to liaise between the PCT and such Agencies; and
      (c)   staff the PCT in accordance with a staffing plan
satisfactory to the Association.
      The Borrower shall designate responsibility for
implementation of the Project to the Project Executing Agencies
as follows: (a) the Ghana Stock Exchange shall be responsible
for Part A.1 of the Project; (b) the Securities Regulatory
Commission shall be responsible for Part A.2 of the Project;
(c) the Bank of Ghana shall be responsible for Parts A.3 and
C.5 of the Project; (d) the National Insurance Commission shall
be responsible for Part B.1 of the Project; (e) the State
Insurance Corporation shall be responsible for Parts B.2 and
C.1 of the Project; (f) the Ghana Reinsurance Organization
shall be responsible for Part B.3 of the Project; (g) SSNIT
shall be responsible for Part B.4 of the Project; (h) the Home
Finance Company shall be responsible for Part C.2 of the
Project; (i) the Ghana School of Administration shall be
responsible for Part C.3 of the Project; and (j) the Institute
of Chartered Accountants of Ghana shall be responsible for Part
C.4 of the Project.
      The Subsidiary Loan Agreements and the Subsidiary Grant
Agreements shall specify, inter alia:
      (a)   the obligations of the Project Executing Agencies
regarding implementation of the Project, including with respect
to: (i) recordkeeping, accounting and auditing, (ii) support to
the PCT and the submission of periodic workprograms and
budgets, (iii) participation in the midterm review provided for
in Section 3.03 of this Agreement, (iv) procurement of goods
and services, and (v) the submission of semiannual reports to
the PCT;
      (b)   the requirement that each Project Executing Agency
contribute at least 5% of the total cost of the activities to
be implemented pursuant to the Project; and
      (c)   in the case of each revenue-generating Project
Executing Agency, the requirement that such Agency repay in
Cedis (the amount of such repayment to be determined on the
respective dates of withdrawal from the Credit Account) the
value of currencies so withdrawn from the Credit Account, such
amounts to be repaid in no more than 10 years, with no more
than three years of grace, and payment of interest on the basis
of a Variable Reference Interest Rate (RIR) based on the
market-determined average cost of 180-day deposits mobilized by
Page  14
at least three local banks reflecting the cost of domestic
funds to the banking sector.  The RIR will be adjusted twice a
year, each January 1 and July 1 to establish the interest rate
applicable over the next interest period.
      In carrying out Part C.1 of the Project, the Borrower
shall cause the State Insurance Company to make available its
training center for such purpose.
The Borrower shall operate the Privatization Trust in
accordance with terms of reference satisfactory to the
Association, which shall provide, inter alia, for the
following:  (a) the trust shall operate under the control of
an autonomous board of trustees; (b) the trust shall be
managed by a management company employed under terms of
reference satisfactory to the Association; (c) the Borrower
shall deposit with such trust its minority shareholdings in
designated public enterprises; (d) the trust shall dispose of
such shares in due course, through sales to the personnel of
the relevant companies, placements on the Ghana Stock
Exchange, public offerings and other mechanisms; and (e) the
trust shall submit to MOF: (i) annual sales plans, (ii)
quarterly unaudited financial accounts and annual audited
financial accounts, and (iii) quarterly and annual management
reports.
                                 SCHEDULE 5
                               Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
and (2) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures
in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services
required for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit allocated from time to time to the eligible
Categories in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $400,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account
and deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3
(a) of this Schedule, provided, however, that unless the
Association shall otherwise agree, the Authorized Allocation
shall be limited to an amount equivalent to $200,000 until the
aggregate amount of withdrawals from the Credit Account plus
the total amount of all outstanding special commitments entered
into by the Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General
Conditions shall be equal to or exceed the equivalent of
SDR 3,400,000.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with the
provisions of this Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory
to it that the Special Account has been duly opened,
withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and subsequent
withdrawals to replenish the Special Account shall be made as
follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests
for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate
amount of the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such
request or requests, the Association shall, on behalf of the
Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into the
Special Account such amount or amounts as the Borrower shall
Page  15
have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   requests for deposits into the Special Account
                   at such intervals as the Association shall
                   specify.
            (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   the documents and other evidence required
                   pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for
                   the payment or payments in respect of which
                   replenishment is requested.  On the basis of
                   each such request, the Association shall, on
                   behalf of the Borrower,  withdraw from the
                   Credit Account and deposit into the Special
                   Account such amount as the Borrower shall have
                   requested and as shall have been shown by said
                   documents and other evidence to have been paid
                   out of the Special Account for eligible
                   expenditures.
      All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association
from the Credit Account under the respective eligible
Categories, and in the respective equivalent amounts, as shall
have been justified by said documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association
shall reasonably request, furnish to the Association such
documents and other evidence showing that such payment was made
exclusively for eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have
determined that all further withdrawals should be made by the
Borrower directly from the Credit Account in accordance with
the provisions of Article V of the General Conditions and
paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this Agreement;
      (b)   if the Borrower shall have failed to furnish to the
Association, within the period of time specified in Section
4.01 (b) (ii) of this Agreement, any of the audit reports
required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
Section in respect of the audit of the records and accounts for
the Special Account;
      (c)   if, at any time, the Association shall have notified
the Borrower of its intention to suspend in whole or in part
the right of the Borrower to make withdrawals from the Credit
Account pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.02 of the
General Conditions; or
      (d)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect
to the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount
of the Authorized Allocation.
      Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the
eligible Categories shall follow such procedures as the
Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower.  Such
further withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent
that the Association shall have been satisfied that all such
amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the
date of such notice will be utilized in making payments for
eligible expenditures.
Page  16
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for
an expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to
paragraph 2 of this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the
evidence furnished to the Association, the Borrower shall,
promptly upon notice from the Association: (A) provide such
additional evidence as the Association may request; or (B)
deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Association shall
so request, refund to the Association) an amount equal to the
amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so eligible
or justified.  Unless the Association shall otherwise agree, no
further deposit by the Association into the Special Account
shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence or
made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures,
the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association,
refund to the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association,
refund to the Association all or any portion of the funds on
deposit in the Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to
paragraphs 6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be
credited to the Credit Account for subsequent withdrawal or for
cancellation in accordance with the relevant provisions of this
Agreement, including the General Conditions.
