Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                     LOAN NUMBER 3761 IND
                             Project Agreement
                  (Sumatera and Kalimantan Power Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                              AND DEVELOPMENT
                                    and
                      PERUSAHAAN UMUM LISTRIK NEGARA
                            Dated July 25, 1994
                                                     LOAN NUMBER 3761 IND
                             PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 25, 1994, between INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and PERUSAHAAN UMUM LISTRIK NEGARA
(PLN).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between
Republic of Indonesia (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank has agreed to
make available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent
to two hundred sixty million five hundred thousand dollars ($260,500,000),
on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on
condition that PLN agree to undertake such obligations toward the Bank as
are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B) by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into between the
Borrower and PLN, a portion of the proceeds of the loan provided for under
the Loan Agreement will be relent to PLN on the terms and conditions set
forth in said Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS PLN, in consideration of the Bank's entering into the Loan
Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the obligations set
forth in this Agreement;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                                Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the Loan Agreement and the General Conditions (as so defined)
have the respective meanings therein set forth and the following terms have
the following meanings:
      (a)   "Environmental Action Plans" means collectively the plans
specified in the Environmental Impact Assessments of Besai and Banjarmasin,
both dated April 1994 and prepared by PLN, for undertaking measures to
mitigate, preserve, protect and monitor the environment during execution of
Part A and Part B of the Project respectively, as such plans may be amended
from time to time by agreement between the Bank and PLN.
      (b)   "Project Affected Persons" means the persons whose right, title
or interest in any property is acquired or is intended to be acquired or
whose property is otherwise possessed or intended to be possessed and who
as a result thereof has been or would be displaced or dispossessed from
their habitat or land or precluded from carrying out their business,
occupation or work on account of the execution of Parts A and B of the
Project.
      (c)   "Resettlement Action Plans" means collectively the Besai
Resettlement and Rehabilitation Plan and the Banjarmasin Resettlement and
Rehabilitation Plan in respect of Part A and Part B of the Project
respectively, both dated May 1994 and prepared by PLN, for carrying out
resettlement and rehabilitation of Project Affected Persons and monitoring
the socio-economic impact and effectiveness of each resettlement and
rehabilitation, as such plans may be amended from time to time by agreement
between the Bank and PLN.
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) PLN declares its commitment to the objectives of the
Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, and, to this end,
shall carry out Parts A, B, C, D.1(b), D.5, D.6, and D.7 of the Project with
due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering and environmental practices, and
shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for said Parts of the
Project.
      (b) Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a) of this
Section and except as the Bank and PLN shall otherwise agree, PLN shall
carry out Parts A, B, C, D.1(b), D.5, D.6, and D.7 of the Project in
accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, procurement
of the goods, works and consultants' services required for Parts A, B, C,
D.1(b), D.5, D.6, and D.7 of the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. PLN shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions
(relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules,
records and reports, maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in
respect of the Project Agreement and Parts A, B, C, D.1(b), D.5, D.6, and
D.7 of the Project.
      Section 2.04. PLN shall duly perform all its obligations under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, PLN
Page  3
shall not take or concur in any action which would have the effect of
amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or
any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) PLN shall, at the request of the Bank, exchange
views with the Bank with regard to the progress of Parts A, B, C, D.1(b),
D.5, D.6, and D.7 of the project, the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters
relating to the purposes of the Loan.
      (b) PLN shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition which
interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of Parts A, B, C,
D.1(b), D.5, D.6, and D.7 of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes
of the Loan, or the performance by PLN of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                                ARTICLE III
                     Management and Operations of PLN
      Section 3.01. PLN shall carry on its operations and conduct its
affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial and engineering,
managerial, public utility and environmental practices under the supervision
of qualified and experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02.  (a) PLN shall maintain its existence and right to carry
on its operations and shall take all steps necessary to acquire, maintain
and renew all interest in land and other properties and all rights, powers,
privileges and franchises which are necessary or useful in carrying out
Parts A, B, C, D.1(b), D.5, D.6, and D.7 of the Project or in the conduct
of its business.
      (b)   PLN shall at all times operate and maintain its plants,
facilities, equipment and other property, and promptly as required, make all
necessary repairs and renewals thereof, in accordance with sound engineering
and public utility practices.
      (c)   Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, PLN shall not sell,
lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its property or assets which
shall be required for the efficient operation of its business and
undertaking.
      Section 3.03. PLN shall take out and maintain with responsible
insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the Bank for, insurance
against such risks and in such amounts as shall be consistent with
appropriate practice.
                                ARTICLE IV
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) PLN shall maintain records and accounts adequate to
reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices its operations and
financial condition.
      (b) PLN shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial statements
                  (balance sheets, statements of income and expenses and
                  related statements) for each fiscal year audited, in
                  accordance with appropriate auditing principles
                  consistently applied, by independent auditors acceptable
                  to the Bank;
            (ii)  furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in any case
                  not later than six months after the end of each such
                  year, (A) certified copies of its financial statements
                  for such year as so audited and (B) the report of such
                  audit by said auditors of such scope and in such detail
Page  4
                  as the Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
            (iii) furnish to the Bank such other information concerning
                  said records, accounts and financial statements as well
                  as the audit thereof, as the Bank shall from time to time
                  reasonably request.
      Section 4.02. PLN shall: (a) by December 31 every year commencing in
1994 review its long run marginal costs with a view to formulating its
tariff structure; (b) discuss the results of such review with the Borrower
and the Bank; and (c) thereafter, take appropriate steps to revise the
tariff structure taking into account the views, if any, thereon of the
Borrower and the Bank.
      Section 4.03. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, PLN shall not
incur any debt unless a reasonable forecast of the revenues and expenditures
of PLN shows that the projected net revenues of PLN for each fiscal year
during the term of the debt to be incurred shall be at least 1.5 times the
projected debt service requirement of PLN in such year on all debt of PLN
including the debt to be incurred. For the purposes of this Section:
      (a)   The term "debt" means any indebtedness of PLN maturing by its
terms more than one year after the date on which it is originally incurred.
      (b)   Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (i) under a loan contract
or agreement or other instrument providing for such debt or further
modification of its terms of payment, on the date of such contract,
agreement or instrument; and (ii) under a guarantee agreement, on the date
the agreement providing for such guarantee has been entered into.
      (c)   The term "net revenues of PLN" means gross revenues of PLN from
all sources, adjusted to take account of the PLN's tariffs in effect at the
time of the incurrence of debt even though they were not in effect during
the twelve-month period to which such revenues relate, less all operating
expenses of PLN, including expenses accountable to administration,
maintenance and taxes (or payments in lieu of taxes), but before provision
for depreciation of assets and interest and other charges on debt.
      (d)   The term "debt service requirement" means the aggregate amount
of repayments (including sinking fund payments, if any) of, and interest and
other charges on, debt.
      (e)   The term "reasonable forecast" means a forecast prepared by PLN
in the fiscal year in which the debt in question is to be incurred, which
both the Bank and PLN accept as reasonable and as to which the Bank has
notified PLN of its acceptability, provided that no event has occurred since
such notification which has, or may reasonably be expected in the future to
have, a material adverse effect on the financial condition or future
operating results of PLN.
      (f)   Whenever for the purposes of this Section it shall be necessary
to value, in terms of currency of the Borrower, debt payable in another
currency, such valuation shall be made on the basis of the prevailing lawful
rate of exchange at which such other currency is, at the time of such
valuation, obtainable for the purposes of servicing such debt, or, with
absence of such rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange acceptable to the
Bank.
      Section 4.04. PLN shall, as part of its on-going annual planning
procedures: (i) prepare a ten-year financial forecast based on its proposed
development plans; (ii) test each proposed development plan for financial
feasibility; (iii) develop a financing plan covering the first five years
of the forecast period which will specify the quantum of external funding
and the appropriate mix of equity and debt and, to the extent possible,
identify potential financial sources; and (iv) ensure that its recommended
development plans and associated financial forecasts and financing plan are
jointly reviewed with the Borrower and the Bank prior to their adoption by
its Board.
      Section 4.05. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree: PLN shall,
from time to time, take all such measures, satisfactory to the Bank, as
shall be required to realize for all its operations, for its fiscal year
Page  5
1994/95 and in each of its fiscal years thereafter, an annual rate of return
of not less than eight percent (8%) of the average current value of PLN's
net fixed assets in operation.
      (b)   PLN shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by PLN and
satisfactory to the Bank, review on a periodic basis, as agreed with the
Bank,  whether its tariffs are adequate to meet the requirements set forth
in paragraph (a) of this Section for the next fiscal year, and shall furnish
to the Bank such review upon its completion.
      (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   the required annual return shall be calculated by
                  dividing PLN's net operating income for all its
                  operations for the fiscal year in question by one-half of
                  the sum of the current value of PLN's net fixed assets in
                  operation for all its operations at the beginning and the
                  end of that fiscal year;
            (ii)  the term "net operating income" means the revenues from
                  all sources related to PLN's  operations less all
                  expenditures incurred on account of such operations,
                  including expenses of administration, adequate
                  maintenance and taxes or any payments in lieu of taxes,
                  and provision for depreciation calculated on revaluated
                  assets pursuant to Section 4.03 of this Agreement.
                  Interest and other charges on debt shall not be deducted
                  from gross revenues;
            (iii) the term "value of PLN's net fixed assets in operations"
                  means the gross value of PLN's fixed assets in operation
                  less the amount of accumulated depreciation and
                  consumers' contributions, all as valued from time to time
                  in accordance with the methods of valuation or
                  revaluation referred to in Section 4.06 of this
                  Agreement;
            (iv)  the term "total operating expenses" means all expenses
                  related to PLN's operations, including administration,
                  adequate maintenance, taxes and payments in lieu of
                  taxes, and provision for depreciation calculated on
                  revaluated assets pursuant to Section 4.03 of this
                  Agreement, but excluding interest and other charges on
                  debt;
            (v)   the term "debt service requirements" relating to PLN's
                  operations means the aggregate amount of repayments
                  (including sinking fund payments, if any) of, and
                  interest and other charges on, debt; and
            (vi)  whenever, for the purposes of this Section, it shall be
                  necessary to value, in terms of the currency of the
                  Borrower debt payable in another currency, such valuation
                  shall be made on the basis of the prevailing lawful rate
                  of exchange at which such other currency is, at the time
                  of such valuation, obtainable for the purposes of
                  servicing such debt, or, in the absence of such rate, on
                  the basis of a rate of exchange acceptable to the Bank.
      Section 4.06. For the purposes of the calculations referred to in
Section 4.05 (a) of this Agreement, PLN shall for its fiscal year 1994/95
and for each fiscal year thereafter, revalue its fixed assets (including
work in progress and consumers' contributions), and accumulated
depreciation, in a manner satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 4.07. The provisions of: (i) Section 4.06 (a) of the Project
Agreement (Power Transmission Project), dated August 8, 1991, between the
Bank and PLN (Loan 3349-IND); (ii) Section 4.05 (a) of the Project Agreement
(Suralaya Thermal Power Project), dated August 26, 1992, between the Bank
and PLN (Loan 3501-IND); (iii) Section 4.06 (a) of the Project Agreement
(Paiton Thermal Power Project), dated July 21, 1989, between the Bank and
PLN (Loan 3098-IND); (iv) Section 4.06 (a) of the Project Agreement (Power
Page  6
Sector Efficiency Project), dated July 21, 1989, between the Bank and PLN
(Loan 3097-IND); (v) Section 4.06 (a) of the Project Agreement (Rural
Electrification Project), dated April 30, 1990, between the Bank and PLN
(Loan 3180-IND); and (vi) Section 4.05 (a) of the Project Agreement (Cirata
Hydroelectric Phase II Project) dated June 25, 1993 entered into between the
Bank and PLN (Loan 3602-IND), are hereby superseded by the provisions of
Section 4.05 (a) of this Agreement.
      Section 4.08. Except as the Bank and PLN shall otherwise agree, PLN
shall:
      (a)   review annually with the Bank and the Borrower, PLN's proposed
investment plan for the next five fiscal years, including the priorities
assigned to the investments included under such plans and the balance
between the generation, transmission and distribution of electric power
likely to result from such investments; and
      (b)   by December 31 every year commencing in 1994 review with the
Borrower and the Bank, PLN's development plan and associated financial
forecasts and financing plan provided for in Section 4.04 of this Agreement.
                                 ARTICLE V
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect on the
date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank and of
PLN thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the Loan Agreement shall
terminate in accordance with its terms, and the Bank shall promptly notify
PLN thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall continue in
full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation or suspension under
the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE VI
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to be given
or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the parties
contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it shall be delivered
by hand or by mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to
which it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such party shall
have designated by notice to the party giving such notice or making such
request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD               248423 (RCA),
                  Washington, D.C.         82987 (FTCC),
                                           64145 (WUI) or
                                          197688 (TRT)
      For PLN:
            Perusahaan Umum Listrik Negara
            Jalan Trunojoyo 135
Page  7
            Kebayoran Baru
            Jakarta 12160
            Indonesia
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  PLNPST                  47156 PLNPST IA
                  Jakarta                 47248 PLNPST IA
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken, and any
document required or permitted to be executed, under this Agreement on
behalf of PLN may be taken or executed by its President Director or such
other person or persons as the President Director shall designate in
writing, and PLN shall furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of the
authority and the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts,
each of which shall be an original, and all collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly
authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in the District of Columbia, United States of America, as
of the day and year first above written.
                              INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                              RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                              By  /s/  Marianne Haug
                                           Acting Regional Vice President
                                                    East Asia and Pacific
                              PERUSAHAAN UMUM LISTRIK NEGARA
                              By  /s/  Arifin M. Siregar
                                                Authorized Representative
                                SCHEDULE 1
                   Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I: Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A: International Competitive Bidding
      1. Goods and works shall be procured under contracts awarded in
accordance with procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I and
II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines).
      (a) For fixed-price contracts, the invitation to bid referred to in
paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines shall provide that, when contract award is
delayed beyond the original bid validity period, the successful bidder's bid
price will be increased for each week of delay by two predisclosed
correction factors acceptable to the Bank, one to be applied to all foreign
currency components and the other to the local currency component of the bid
price. Such an increase shall not be taken into account in the bid
evaluation.
      (b) In the procurement of goods and works in accordance with this Part
A, PLN shall use the relevant standard bidding documents issued by the Bank,
with such modifications thereto as the Bank shall have agreed to be
necessary for the purposes of the Project. Where no relevant standard
bidding documents have been issued by the Bank, PLN shall use bidding
Page  8
documents based on other internationally recognized standard forms agreed
with the Bank.
      2. Bidders for civil works shall be prequalified as provided in
paragraph 2.10 of the Guidelines.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in Indonesia may be granted
a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions
of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of
Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Preference for Domestic Contractors
      In the procurement of works in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, PLN may grant a margin of preference to
domestic contractors in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraph 5 of Appendix 2
thereto.
Part D:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
      1.    Review of prequalification:
      With respect to the prequalification of bidders as provided in Part
A.2 hereof, the procedures set forth in paragraph 1 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply.
      2.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a) With respect to each contract for goods and works estimated to
cost the equivalent of $1,000,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where
payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2
(d) shall be furnished to the Bank prior to the making of the first payment
out of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b) With respect to each contract not governed by the preceding
paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to
the Guidelines shall apply.  Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, said procedures shall be modified to ensure that
the two conformed copies of the contract together with the other information
required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished pursuant to
paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement.
       3. The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of paragraph
4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II. Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist PLN in carrying out Parts A, B, C, D.1(b), D.5,
D.6, and D.7, PLN shall employ consultants whose qualifications, experience
and terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank.
Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines for the
Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981 (the Consultant
Guidelines). For complex, time-based assignments, PLN shall employ such
consultants under contracts using the standard form of contract for
consultants' services issued by the Bank, with such modifications as shall
have been agreed by the Bank. Where no relevant standard contract documents
have been issued by the Bank, PLN shall use other standard forms agreed with
the Bank.
Page  9
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Section, the
provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring prior Bank review or
approval of budgets, short lists, selection procedures, letters of
invitation, proposals, evaluation reports and contracts, shall not apply to:
(a) contracts for the employment of consulting firms estimated to cost less
than $100,000 equivalent each; or (b) contracts for the employment of
individuals estimated to cost less than $50,000 equivalent each. However,
said exceptions to prior Bank review shall not apply to: (a) the terms of
reference for such contracts; (b) single-source selection of consulting
firms; (c) assignments of a critical nature, as reasonably determined by the
Bank; (d) amendments to contracts for the employment of consulting firms
raising the contract value to $100,000 equivalent or above; or (e)
amendments to contracts for the employment of individual consultants raising
the contract value to $50,000 equivalent or above.
                                SCHEDULE 2
                          Implementation Program
1.    PLN shall, by December 31, 1994, designate a manager in PLN,
satisfactory to the Bank, for the purpose of coordinating the various
activities under Parts A, B, C, D.1(b), D.5, D.6 and D.7 of the Project.
2.    PLN shall operate the Besai hydroelectric and Banjarmasin thermal
power plants constructed under Parts A.1 and B.1 of the Project in
accordance with the Bank's Environmental Guidelines (September 1988) and in
compliance with the Borrower's national environmental standards.
3.    PLN shall: (a) make adequate arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank,
for the inspection and safety of Besai Dam constructed under Part A.1 of the
Project including the appointment of independent engineering experts,
satisfactory to the Bank, to carry out periodic inspection of Besai Dam with
a view to determining its safety in accordance with appropriate engineering
practices; (b) undertake, promptly after each such inspection, all necessary
measures including repairs, if any, of Besai Dam recommended by the said
engineering experts; and (c) furnish, or cause to be furnished, regularly
to the Bank a report regarding the said inspection and measures including
repairs.
4.    PLN shall jointly with the Borrower: (a) take the necessary measures
required to reorganize PLN into a limited liability company (Persero): (b)
by December 31, 1994, furnish to the Bank a progress report concerning the
reorganization of PLN together with a draft time bound corporate
reorganization and restructuring action plan for PLN to operate according
to best utility practices; (c) discuss the said progress report and draft
action plan with the Bank; and (d) immediately thereafter, finalize the said
action plan taking into account the comments, if any, thereon by the Bank.
5.    PLN shall carry out the Environmental Action Plans in a manner
satisfactory to the Bank.
6.    PLN shall carry out the Resettlement Action Plans in a manner
satisfactory to the Bank.
