Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3400 CY
             (Southeast Coast (Ayia Napa) Sewerage and
                         Drainage Project)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF CYPRUS
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                      Dated November 7, 1991
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3400 CY
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated November 7, 1991, between REPUBLIC OF CYPRUS
(the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Ayia Napa Sewerage Board (the
Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasibility and priority
of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, have
requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the Project;
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to six million dollars
($6,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that the Guarantor agree to
guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of such loan as
provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
Page  2
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth in the Loan Agreement (the General
Conditions), constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions, in the Preamble to
this Agreement and in the Preamble to and Section 1.02 of the Loan
Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. Without limitation or restriction upon any of
its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor
hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not as
surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and
interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on
the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of all the
other obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan
Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the Guarantor
specifically undertakes: (a) to provide to the Borrower promptly, as
and when needed, in the form of a loan or loans an aggregate amount
equivalent to $3,000,000 to enable the Borrower to meet its
obligations under the Loan Agreement; and (b) in addition to its
obligations pursuant to paragraph (a) of this Section, whenever
there is reasonable cause to believe that the funds available to the
Borrower will be inadequate to meet the estimated expenditures
required for the carrying out of the Project, to make arrangements,
satisfactory to the Bank, promptly to provide the Borrower or cause
the Borrower to be provided with such funds as are needed to meet
such expenditures.
      Section 2.03. Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the Guarantor shall:
      (a)   provide to the Borrower the funds required for the
construction of the effluent reuse scheme under Part B of the
Project, which effluent reuse scheme shall be owned by the Guarantor
and shall be an integral component of the facilities operated by the
Borrower;
      (b)   by completion of construction of said effluent reuse
scheme under Part B of the Project or December 31, 1994, whichever
is earlier, enter into an agreement, satisfactory to the Bank, with
the Borrower providing, inter alia, for:
            (i)   operation and maintenance by the Borrower of said
                  effluent reuse scheme;
           (ii)   establishment by the Guarantor, in consultation
                  with the Bank and the Borrower, of the charges on
                  the treated effluent to be used in the territory
                  of the Borrower;
          (iii)   billing and collection by the Borrower and
                  remittance to the Guarantor of said charges; and
           (iv)   payment by the Guarantor to the Borrower of a fee
                  for the collection of the charges on the treated
Page  3
                  effluent; and
      (c)   establishment by the Guarantor of the charges, in
consultation with the Bank, and the permissible uses of the treated
effluent to be used outside the territory of the Borrower.
                            ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. The Guarantor shall carry out, prior to
effecting any adjustment in its sewer rates but, in any event, not
later than June 30, 1993, a valuation, in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Bank, of the properties on which said sewer
rates are to be levied.
      Section 3.02. The Guarantor shall take all measures necessary
to enable the Borrower to carry out its obligations under Section
3.03 of the Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
            Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 4.01. The Minister of Finance of the Guarantor is
designated as representative of the Guarantor for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Ministry of Finance
            Nicosia
            Cyprus
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  MINFINANCE                 3399
                  Nicosia
       For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA),
                                            64145 (WUI) or
                                            82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        REPUBLIC OF CYPRUS
                        By /s/ M. Sherifis
                                         Authorized Representative
Page  4
                        INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                          RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                        By /s/ W. Wapenhans
                                           Regional Vice President
                              Europe, Middle East and North Africa
