Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2741 ET
                             Project Agreement
                    (Seed Systems Development Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                    and
                         ETHIOPIAN SEED ENTERPRISE
                         Dated September 29, 1995
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2741 ET
                             PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated September 29, 1995, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and ETHIOPIAN SEED
ENTERPRISE (ESE).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even
date herewith between Ethiopia (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to make available to
the Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to
fifteen million two hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 15,200,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition that ESE
agrees to undertake such obligations toward the Association as
are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and ESE, a portion of the proceeds of the
credit provided for under the Development Credit Agreement will
be relent to ESE on the terms and conditions set forth in said
Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
      WHEREAS ESE, in consideration of the Association's
entering into the Development Credit Agreement with the
Borrower, has agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in
this Agreement; and
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                                Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so
defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) ESE declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out
Parts A.3, A.4, A.5, A.6, A.7, B.6, and B.8 of the Project with
due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, agricultural, and environmental
practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly
as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources
required for Parts A.3, A.4, A.5, A.6, A.7, B.6 and B.8 of the
Project; and
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph
(a) of this Section and except as the Association and ESE shall
otherwise agree, ESE shall carry out Parts A.3, A.4, A.5, A.6,
A.7, B.6 and B.8 of the Project in accordance with the
Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 1 to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for Parts A.3, A.4, A.5, A.6, A.7, B.6 and
B.8 of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of
the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to
the Development Credit Agreement.
      Section 2.03. ESE shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project
Agreement and Parts A.3, A.4, A.5, A.6, A.7, B.6 and B.8 of the
Project.
      Section 2.04. ESE shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Association
shall otherwise agree, ESE shall not take or concur in any
action which would have the effect of amending, abrogating,
assigning or waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any
provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) ESE shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to
the progress of Parts A.3, A.4, A.5, A.6, A.7, B.6 and B.8 of
the Project, the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other
matters relating to the purposes of the Credit; and
      (b)   ESE shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of Parts A.3, A.4, A.5, A.6, A.7, B.6 and B.8 of the
Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit, or
the performance by ESE of its obligations under this Agreement
and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.06. By the end of its 1995 fiscal year, ESE
shall: (a) submit to the Borrower a plan for the settlement of
Page  3
all its outstanding debts to the Borrower; and (b) furnish to
the Association, audit reports of such scope and in such detail
as the Association shall have reasonably requested, covering
its 1993 and 1994 fiscal years.
                                ARTICLE III
                     Management and Operations of ESE
      Section 3.01. ESE shall carry on its operations and
conduct its affairs in accordance with sound administrative,
financial, agricultural and environmental practices under the
supervision of qualified and experienced management assisted by
competent staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. ESE shall at all times operate and maintain
its plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from
time to time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs
and renewals thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering,
financial and technical practices.
      Section 3.03. ESE shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to
the Association for, insurance against such risks and in such
amounts as shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
                                ARTICLE IV
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) ESE shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices its operations and financial condition; and
      (b)   ESE shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of
                  income and expenses and related statements) for
                  each fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Association;
            (ii)  furnish to the Association as soon as
                  available, but in any case not later than six
                  months after the end of each such year: (A)
                  certified copies of its financial statements
                  for such year as so audited; and (B) the report
                  of such audit by said auditors, of such scope
                  and in such detail as the Association shall
                  have reasonably requested; and
           (iii)  furnish to the Association such other
                  information concerning said records,
                  accounts and financial statements as well
                  as the audit thereof, as the Association
                  shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
      Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, ESE shall maintain, for each of its fiscal
years after its fiscal year ending on June 30, 1996, a ratio of
total operating expenses to total operating revenues not higher
than 1 (one);
      (b)   Before May 31, in each of its fiscal years, ESE
shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by ESE and
satisfactory to the Association, review whether it would meet
the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) in respect of such
year and the next following fiscal year, and shall furnish to
the Association the results of such review upon its completion;
Page  4
      (c)   If any such review shows that ESE would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for ESE's fiscal years
covered by such review, ESE shall promptly take all necessary
measures (including, without limitation, adjustments of the
structure or levels of its prices) in order to meet such
requirements; and
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section;
            (i)   The term "total operating expenses" means all
                  expenses related to operations, including
                  administration, adequate maintenance, taxes and
                  payments in lieu of taxes, and provision for
                  depreciation on a straight-line basis at a rate
                  of not less than 5% per annum of the average
                  current gross value of ESE's fixed assets in
                  operation, or other basis acceptable to the
                  Association, but excluding interest and other
                  charges on debt;
            (ii)  The term "total operating revenues" means
                  revenues from all sources related to opera-
                  tions; and
           (iii)  The average current gross value of ESE's
                  fixed assets in operation shall be
                  calculated as one half of the sum of the
                  gross value of ESE's fixed assets in
                  operation at the beginning and at the end
                  of the fiscal year, as valued from time to
                  time in accordance with sound and
                  consistently maintained methods of
                  valuation satisfactory to the Association.
      Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, ESE shall not incur any debt, if after the
incurrence of such debt the ratio of debt to equity shall be
greater than 2 (two);
      (b)   For purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "debt" means any indebtedness of ESE
                  maturing by its terms more than one year after
                  the date on which it is originally incurred;
            (ii)  Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under
                  a loan contract or agreement or other
                  instrument providing for such debt or for the
                  modification of its terms of payment, on the
                  date, and to the extent, the amount of such
                  debt has become outstanding pursuant to such
                  contract, agreement or instrument; and (B)
                  under a guarantee agreement, on the date the
                  agreement providing for such guarantee has been
                  entered into but only to the extent that the
                  guaranteed debt is outstanding;
           (iii)  The term "equity" means the sum of the
                  total unimpaired paid-up capital, retained
                  earnings and reserves of ESE not allocated
                  to cover specific liabilities; and
            (iv)  Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                  shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                  currency of the Borrower, debt payable in
                  another currency, such valuation shall be made
                  on the basis of the prevailing lawful rate of
                  exchange at which such other currency is, at
                  the time of such valuation, obtainable for the
                  purposes of servicing such debt, or, in the
                  absence of such rate, on the basis of a rate of
Page  5
                  exchange acceptable to the Association.
                                 ARTICLE V
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement
becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of
the Association and of ESE thereunder shall terminate on the
earlier of the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                  Agreement shall terminate in accordance with
                  its terms; or
            (ii)  the date twenty years after the date of this
                  Agreement; and
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in
paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the Association shall
promptly notify ESE of this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any
cancellation or suspension under the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE VI
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted
to be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement
between the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in
writing. Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been
duly given or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by
mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which
it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      For ESE:
            Ethiopian Seed Enterprise
            P.O. Box 2453
            Addis Ababa
            Ethiopia
                                          Telex:
                                          21699 ETSeed Et
Page  6
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be executed,
under this Agreement on behalf of ESE, or by ESE on behalf of
the Borrower under the Development Credit Agreement, may be
taken or executed by General Manager or such other person or
persons as General Manager shall designate in writing, and ESE
shall furnish to the Association sufficient evidence of the
authority and the authenticated specimen signature of each such
person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                                                   Africa
                  ETHIOPIAN SEED ENTERPRISE
                  By /s/ Berhane Gebre-Christos
                                                Authorized Representative
                                SCHEDULE 1
                          Implementation Program
1.    ESE shall: (a) implement the restructuring plan referred
to in Section 6.01 (c) of the Development Credit Agreement,
with due diligence and efficiency; (b) not later than three
months prior to beginning of each of its fiscal years, prepare
and furnish to the Association, through NSIA, a work plan
including: (i) a review of progress achieved in the
implementation of the Project during the previous fiscal year,
and (ii) financial and physical targets for the subsequent
fiscal year; (c) thereafter, implement said work plan with due
diligence and efficiency, taking into account the Association's
comments thereon; and (d) furnish to the Association semiannual
progress reports on the implementation of its commercial
strategy, of such scope and in such detail as the Association
may reasonably request.
2.    ESE shall: (a) establish and implement cost control
mechanisms and a management information system, all acceptable
to the Association; (b) upgrade the operational and management
capacity of its regional units through training of staff; (c)
take all measures necessary on its part to diversify its
activities to include production and marketing of hybrid and
vegetable seeds; (d) take all necessary measures to minimize at
all times its transportation costs through, inter alia,
development of its production and marketing activities in the
proximity of its processing plants; and (e) engage in custom
Page  7
processing and seeds testing activities against payment of
fees.
3.    ESE shall take all measures necessary on its part to
participate in: (a) the Project launching workshop referred to
in paragraph 4 of the Schedule 4 of the Development Credit
Agreement; and (b) the midterm review referred to in Section
3.08 of the Development Credit Agreement.
4.    ESE shall take all measures necessary on its part to carry
out Parts A.3, A.4, A.5, A.6, A.7, B.6 and B.8 of the Project
in accordance with the Project Implementation Plan.
