Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3514 VE
                          Loan Agreement
                 (Judicial Infrastructure Project)
                              between
                       REPUBLIC OF VENEZUELA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                      Dated December 30, 1993
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3514 VE
                          LOAN AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated December 30, 1993, between REPUBLIC OF
VENEZUELA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Bank to assist in the financing of
the Project;
      WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter alia, of the
foregoing, to extend the Loan to the Borrower upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      WHEREAS the Borrower hereby represents to the Bank that the
execution of this Agreement has been duly authorized by the
Borrower's Law "Ley Que Autoriza al Ejecutivo Nacional para la
Contratacion y Ejecucion de Operaciones de Credito Publico Durante
el Ejercicio Fiscal 1993" published in the Borrower's Official
Gazette Issue No. 35.264 dated July 30, 1993;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
Page  2
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth below (the General Conditions) constitute an
integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)   The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      (b)   In Section 6.02, subparagraph (k) is relettered as
subparagraph (l) and a new subparagraph (k) is added to read:
            "(k)   An extraordinary situation shall have arisen
      under which any further withdrawals under the Loan would be
      inconsistent with the provisions of Article III, Section 3 of
      the Bank's Articles of Agreement."
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Action Plan" means each of the action plans, agreed
between the Borrower, through the Consejo, and the Bank, providing
for the respective implementation schedule of Parts A, B (excluding
B.4) and C of the Project for the period January 1994 - June 1995,
as such action plan is set forth in the letter, of even date
herewith, from the Bank to the Borrower, and "Action Plans" means
collectively all of the referred action plans;
      (b)   "Administration Directorate" means the Consejo's
administration directorate, Direccion de Administracion;
      (c)   "Central Bank" means the Borrower's Central Bank, Banco
Central de Venezuela;
      (d)   "Consejo" means the Borrower's Judicial Council, Consejo
de la Judicatura, one of the Borrower's entities established under
its Constitution;
      (e)   "Draft Resolution" means the draft resolution presented
by the Borrower, through the Consejo, to the Bank by letter dated
June 12, 1992, containing changes in the functions and
organizational structure of the Consejo for purposes of increasing
the decision making authority of the Consejo's directors and
providing the Consejo's planning director with responsibility for
coordination among the Consejo's directors and communication between
the Consejo's directors and the Consejo's magistrates;
      (f)   "ESCUELA" means the Consejo's Judicial School, Escuela
de la Judicatura;
      (g)   "FIV" means the Borrower's Investment Fund, Fondo de
Inversiones de Venezuela;
      (h)   "General Archive Division" means the Consejo's general
archive division, Division de Archivos Judiciales;
      (i)   "Implementing Entity" means any of the entities
participating, or to be participating, in the implementation of Part
D of the Project and which term includes those entities listed in
the Annex to Schedule 2 of this Agreement and any other entities
agreed between the Borrower, through the Consejo, and the Bank; and
"Implementing Entities" means all of such entities;
      (j)   "Infrastructure Working Commission" means the commission
established by the Consejo and the Borrower's Ministry of Urban
Development (Ministerio de Desarrollo Urbano), pursuant to the
Borrower's resolucion No. 1569 and published in the Borrower's
Official Gazette dated July 15, 1992;
      (k)   "Inspectorate Directorate" means the Consejo's
Page  3
inspectorate directorate, Inspectoria General de Tribunales;
      (l)   "Internal Control Directorate" means the Consejo's
internal control directorate, Direccion de Contraloria Interna;
      (m)   "Inspector" means any of the Consejo's inspectores de
tribunales;
      (n)   "Judicial Advisory Commission" means the commission
established by the Consejo pursuant to Consejo's resolution 1503
dated June 3, 1992 and published in the Borrower's Official Gazette
issue 281.337 dated June 17, 1992;
      (o)   "Operational Manual" means the manual, satisfactory to
the Bank, of operating rules and procedures, including those related
to the procurement of goods and services, of the Project, such
manual to be adopted by the Consejo pursuant to Section 6.01 (c) of
this Agreement;
      (p)   "Organization Models" means each of the three models
comprising alternative sets of revised administrative procedures for
case processing, court management and management of Public Defender
Offices (as hereinafter defined), reorganization of functions and
space layout, and installation and operation of software systems, as
such models are described in the document entitled "Descripcion de
los Modelos para la Modernizacion de la Administracion de la
Justicia", presented by the Borrower, through the Consejo, to the
Bank through letter dated June 12, 1992, or other models which may
be agreed between the Borrower, through the Consejo, and the Bank;
      (q)   "Performance Indicators" means the indicators, agreed
between the Borrower, through the Consejo, and the Bank, for
measuring progress in the implementation of the Project, as such
indicators are set forth in the letter of even date herewith from
the Bank to the Borrower;
      (r)   "Personnel Directorate" means the Consejo's personnel
directorate, Direccion de Personal;
      (s)   "Procurement Agent Agreement" means the agreement,
satisfactory to the Bank, to be entered into between the Borrower,
through the Consejo, and FIV, or other agent acceptable to the Bank,
referred to in Section 3.01 (b) (iv) of this Agreement;
      (t)   "Planning Directorate" means the Consejo's planning
directorate, Direccion de Planificacion y Presupuesto;
      (u)   "Project Advisory Commission" means the commission
established by the Consejo pursuant to resolution 1502 dated June 3,
1992 and published in the Borrower's Official Gazette issue 281.337
dated June 17, 1992;
      (v)   "Project Implementation Unit" means the administrative
unit to be established by the Consejo pursuant to Section 6.01 (d)
of this Agreement; such administrative unit to be in charge of the
overall coordination and monitoring of the implementation of the
Project;
      (w)   "Public Defender" means any of the Consejo's defensores
publicos;
      (x)   "Public Defender Office" means any of the Consejo's
Oficinas de Defensores Publicos and "Public Defender Offices" means
all of such offices;
      (y)   "Regional Offices" means the Consejo's regional
administrative offices, Oficinas Administrativas Regionales;
      (z)   "Selected Courts and Public Defender Offices" means the
fourteen (14) courts and Public Defender Offices selected for the
implementation of the Organization Models under Part B.1 of the
Project, or other substitutes and/or additional courts and Public
Page  4
Defender Offices which may be agreed between the Borrower, through
the Consejo, and the Bank, and which are classified based on the
type of Organization Model: six civil and commercial courts in
Caracas for the multiple judge model (juez sustanciador comun); six
Public Defender Offices in Carabobo for the corporate services model
(servicios corporativos) and two civil or criminal courts in Aragua
for the individual model (modelo individual);
      (aa)  "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (bb)  "Statistics Division" means the Consejo's division of
statistics, Division de Estadistica; and
      (cc)  "UNA" means the Borrower's Universidad Nacional Abierta.
                            ARTICLE II
                             The Loan
      Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the Borrower, on the
terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the Loan Agreement,
various currencies that shall have an aggregate value equivalent to
the amount of thirty million dollars ($30,000,000), being the sum of
withdrawals of the proceeds of the Loan, with each withdrawal valued
by the Bank as of the date of such withdrawal.
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Loan may be withdrawn from
the Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the Bank shall so
agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and
services required for the Project described in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in the
Central Bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Bank.
Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account shall be
made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 5 to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1999 or such
later date as the Bank shall establish. The Bank shall promptly
notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a commitment
charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per
annum on the principal amount of the Loan not withdrawn from time to
time.
      Section 2.05. (a) The Borrower shall pay interest on the
principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time to
time, at a rate for each Interest Period equal to the Cost of
Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of the preceding
Semester, plus one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%). On each of the
dates specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower
shall pay interest accrued on the principal amount outstanding
during the preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rate
applicable during such Interest Period.
      (b)   As soon as practicable after the end of each Semester,
the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost of Qualified
Borrowings determined in respect of such Semester.
      (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    "Interest Period" means a six-month period
                   ending on the date immediately preceding each
                   date specified in Section 2.06 of this
                   Agreement, beginning with the Interest Period in
                   which this Agreement is signed.
Page  5
           (ii)    "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the cost,
                   as reasonably determined by the Bank and
                   expressed as a percentage per annum, of the
                   outstanding borrowings of the Bank drawn down
                   after June 30, 1982, excluding such borrowings
                   or portions thereof as the Bank has allocated to
                   fund: (A) the Bank's investments; and (B) loans
                   which may be made by the Bank after July 1, 1989
                   bearing interest rates determined otherwise than
                   as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section.
          (iii)    "Semester" means the first six months or the
                   second six months of a calendar year.
      (d)   On such date as the Bank may specify by no less than six
months' notice to the Borrower, paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) (iii) of
this Section shall be amended to read as follows:
                   "(a)  The Borrower shall pay interest on the
            principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding
            from time to time, at a rate for each Quarter equal to
            the Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect
            of the preceding Quarter, plus one-half of one percent
            (1/2 of 1%). On each of the dates specified in Section
            2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall pay interest
            accrued on the principal amount outstanding during the
            preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rates
            applicable during such Interest Period."
                   "(b)  As soon as practicable after the end of
            each Quarter, the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the
            Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of
            such Quarter."
                   "(c) (iii) `Quarter' means a three-month period
            commencing on January 1, April 1, July 1 or October 1 in
            a calendar year."
      Section 2.06. Interest and other charges shall be payable
semiannually on April 15 and October 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Loan in accordance with the amortization schedule set forth in
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.08. The President of the Consejo is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of taking any action
required or permitted to be taken under the provisions of Section
2.02 of this Agreement and Article V of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project, through
the Consejo, and with the assistance of the Implementing Entities in
respect of Part D of the Project, with due diligence and efficiency
and in conformity with appropriate administrative, financial,
engineering, environmental and technical practices and the
Operational Manual, and shall provide, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for the
Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Borrower and the Bank shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    in respect of the period January 1994 - June
                   1995, carry out, through the Consejo, Parts A, B
                   (excluding B.4) and C of the Project in
Page  6
                   accordance with the respective Action Plan.
           (ii)    in respect of the period starting on July 1,
                   1995 until Project completion, carry out,
                   through the Consejo, Parts A, B.2, B.3, and C of
                   the Project in accordance with annual plans,
                   satisfactory to the Bank; such annual plans to
                   be submitted by the Borrower, through the
                   Consejo, to the Bank not later than March 30 of
                   each year of Project execution commencing in
                   1995. The action plans shall include, inter
                   alia, a detailed description of the activities
                   and its estimated expenditures, to be carried
                   out in each quarter of the relevant year
                   including a timetable therefor;
          (iii)    in respect of the execution of Part D of the
                   Project:
                   (A)   by not later than August 31 in each year
                         of Project execution, submit to the Bank,
                         through the Consejo, an annual plan,
                         satisfactory to the Bank, covering the
                         construction, rehabilitation and upgrading
                         of courts in the then upcoming year;
                   (B)   execute and cause each of the Implementing
                         Entities to execute, each of the plans in
                         (A) above, in a manner, and under a
                         timetable, satisfactory to the Bank;
                   (C)   by not later than December 31 in each year
                         of Project execution, submit to the Bank
                         evidence, satisfactory to the Bank,
                         showing that the Implementing Entities
                         have entered into valid and binding
                         commitments, including the provision of
                         resources, to execute their part of the
                         respective plan referred to in (A) above.
           (iv)    enter into an agreement, through the Consejo,
                   with FIV, or other entity acceptable to the
                   Bank, for purposes of contracting the latter as
                   a procurement agent. The Borrower shall exercise
                   its rights under such agreement in such a manner
                   as to protect the interests of the Borrower and
                   the Bank and to accomplish the purposes of the
                   Loan and, except as the Bank shall otherwise
                   agree, the Consejo shall not assign, amend,
                   abrogate or waive such agreement or any
                   provision thereof.
            (v)    carry out the Project with the assistance and
                   advise of: (A) the Project Advisory Commission,
                   in respect to all Parts of the Project; and
                   (B) the Judicial Advisory Commission in respect
                   of Part C of the Project.
           (vi)    not later than March 31, 1995, submit, through
                   the Consejo, to the Bank for its consideration,
                   a proposed program to execute Part B.4 of the
                   Project, and the comments on such proposed
                   program made by the consultant referred to in
                   Section 3.06 of this Agreement.
          (vii)    except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, not
                   amend, abrogate or waive the Operational Manual
                   or any provision thereof.
      Section 3.02. Without limitation to the provisions of Section
9.07 (a) (iii) of the General Conditions, the Borrower, through the
Consejo, shall furnish to the Bank:
Page  7
      (a)   on a quarterly basis, starting not later than March 31,
1994, progress reports on the Project, of such scope and detail as
the Bank may reasonably request, including, inter alia, the status
of progress of each Part of the Project including the execution of
procurement contracts, completion of civil works and other Project
activities and amount of expenditures made;
      (b)   not later than December 31 of each year of Project
execution, starting on December 31, 1994, annual progress reports on
the Project, of such scope and detail as the Bank may reasonably
request, including, inter alia: (i) a section detailing progress in
implementation of each Part of the Project in the previous year; and
(ii) specific and justified proposals for adjustments in Project
implementation based on the results of the previous year.
      Section 3.03. (a) Without limitation to the provisions of
Section 9.01 of the General Conditions, the Borrower shall, through
the Consejo, not later than December 31 of each year of Project
execution starting in 1994, hold annual reviews with the Bank, such
reviews to be based on the reports referred to in Section 3.02 of
this Agreement and to focus, inter alia, on the following items: (i)
evaluation of the progress in execution and in the achievement of
the objectives of the Project based on, among other factors, the
Performance Indicators; (ii) discussions on the proposed annual
action plans for the upcoming year; and (iii) any changes in Project
implementation that may be necessary;
      (b)   in respect of the annual review to be held in 1995 (mid-
term review) the Borrower, through the Consejo, shall review with
the Bank, in addition to the items referred to in (a) above, the
status of the Action Plans, and the proposed program for Part B.4 of
the Project; and
      (c)   without limitation or restriction to any of the Bank's
rights under this Agreement, if as a result of any of the above
annual reviews, progress in the execution of the Project or in the
achievement of the objectives of the Project is not satisfactory to
the Bank, the Borrower shall promptly take or cause to be taken all
such remedial action as the Bank shall request to achieve such
objectives or to carry out efficiently the Project.
      Section 3.04. (a) The Borrower, through the Consejo, shall
carry out: (i) the studies under Part A.(1) (b), (j), (k), (l) and
(m) of the Project by not later than June 30, 1994; (ii) the study
under Part A.(1) (a) of the Project by not later than January 31,
1994; (iii) the study under Part A.(1) (n) of the Project by not
later than March 31, 1995; and (iv) the study under Part A.(1) (e)
of the Project by not later than March 31, 1995;
      (b)   promptly upon the completion of each study referred to
in (a) above, the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank a copy of each
of such studies and their recommendations, provide the Bank a
reasonable opportunity to review and comment thereon and exchange
views with the Bank on the results and recommendations of each study
and follow-up measures;
      (c)   in respect of the study under Part A.1 (b) of the
Project, the Borrower shall, through the Consejo, based on the
results and recommendations of such study and the Bank's comments
thereon, formulate and furnish to the Bank a plan of action,
satisfactory to the Bank, not later September 30, 1995; and
      (d)   the Borrower shall, through the Consejo, implement the
plan of action referred to in paragraph (c) above, in a manner and
under a timetable satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 3.05. The Borrower shall, through the Consejo: (a)
promptly inform the Bank of any change in the organizational
structure or functions of the Consejo or any of the Implementing
Entities; and (b) operate and maintain the Project Implementation
Unit, the Project Advisory Commission, the Infrastructure Working
Page  8
Commission and the Judicial Advisory Commission with functions,
structure and staff satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 3.06. The Borrower shall, through the Consejo, employ,
not later than March 31, 1994, and maintain thereafter, a consul-
tant, with experience and qualifications and under terms of
reference all acceptable to the Bank, for purposes of assisting the
Borrower in the evaluation of the Organization Models and the
implementation of Part B.4 of the Project.
      Section 3.07. The Borrower shall, through the Consejo:
      (a)   submit to the Bank, not later than April 30 of each
year, starting in 1994, evidence, satisfactory to the Bank, showing
that the Consejo's final proposed budget, submitted to the
Borrower's Executive Branch for the then following fiscal year,
includes adequate allocations, based on the results of the study
referred to in Part A.1 (a) of the Project and the Bank's comments
thereon, in respect of material and supply costs for all courts and
Public Defender Offices in Venezuela;
      (b)   submit to the Bank, not later than September 30 of each
year, starting in 1994, evidence, satisfactory to the Bank, showing
the amount of expenditures incurred in respect of material and
supply costs for all courts and Public Defenders Offices in
Venezuela in the then current year;
      (c)   based on the results and recommendations of the study
referred to in Part A.1 (a) of the Project, formulate and furnish to
the Bank, not later than May 31, 1994, a plan of action, satis-
factory to the Bank, for purposes of improving the administration of
materials and supplies in all courts and Public Defender Offices in
Venezuela; and
      (d)   implement the plan of action referred to in paragraph
(c) above, in a manner and under a timetable satisfactory to the
Bank.
      Section 3.08. The Borrower shall, through the Consejo:
      (a)   by not later than June 30 of each year of Project
execution, starting in 1995, publish in the Consejo's annual report
(Memoria y Cuenta), or any other report acceptable to the Bank, data
on each of the court performance indicators agreed between the
Borrower and the Bank divided by each Judicial district
(circunscripcion judicial), jurisdiction and category of courts;
      (b)   furnish to the Bank, not later than March 31 and
September 30 in each year of Project execution, starting in 1994,
data collected by the Consejo and related to each of the Performance
Indicators; and
      (c)   provide to each judge, on an annual basis, information
in respect of the court performance indicators referred to in (a)
above related to the respective judge.
      Section 3.09. The Borrower shall, through the Consejo and its
Ministry of Urban Development, carry out Part D.1 of the Project, in
accordance with a program satisfactory to the Bank, not later than
June 30, 1994.
      Section 3.10. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to
maintain, records and separate accounts adequate to reflect in
Page  9
accordance with sound accounting practices the operations, resources
and expenditures in respect of the Project.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have, or cause to have, the records and accounts
                   referred to in paragraph (a) of this Section
                   including those for the Special Account for each
                   fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                   appropriate auditing principles consistently
                   applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                   the Bank;
           (ii)    furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than five months after the
                   end of each such year, the report of such audit
                   by said auditors, of such scope and in such
                   detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
                   requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records and accounts and the
                   audit thereof as the Bank shall from time to
                   time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain, or cause to maintain, in accordance
                   with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                   accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)    retain, until at least one year after the Bank
                   has received the audit report for the fiscal
                   year in which the last withdrawal from the Loan
                   Account or payment out of the Special Account
                   was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                   invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                   evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)    enable the Bank's representatives to examine
                   such records; and
           (iv)    ensure that such records and accounts are
                   included in the annual audit referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                   together with the procedures and internal
                   controls involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                       Remedies of the Bank
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (l) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   that any of the action plans, or part thereof, referred
to in Section 3.01 (b) (iii) (A) of this Agreement shall have not
been implemented by the respective Implementing Entity or
Implementing Entities;
      (b)   the Procurement Agent Agreement shall have been
terminated without the Bank's consent; and
      (c)   any change in the organizational structure or functions
of the Consejo which, in the opinion of the Bank, would adversely
affect the implementation or supervision of the Project.
Page  10
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Loan Agreement within the
meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   the Consejo shall have formally issued the Draft
Resolution;
      (b)   the Consejo shall have employed a consultant, with
qualifications and experience and under terms of reference
satisfactory to the Bank, to assist the Consejo in carrying out the
study under Part A.1 (b) of the Project;
      (c)   the Consejo shall have adopted the Operational Manual;
      (d)   the Consejo shall have established the Project
Implementation Unit with functions, structure and staff satisfactory
to the Bank; and
      (e)   the Consejo shall have entered into the Procurement
Agent Agreement.
      Section 6.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (c) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Bank:
      (a)   that the Draft Resolution has been validly issued;
      (b)   that the Operational Manual has been validly approved;
      (c)   that the Project Advisory Commission, the Infrastructure
Working Commission, the Judicial Advisory Commission and the Project
Implementation Unit have been validly established; and
      (d)   that the Procurement Agent Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by the parties thereto and is legally binding
upon such parties in accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date March 30, 1994 is hereby specified for
the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Minister of Finance of the Borrower is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
     Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministerio de Hacienda
            Direccion General
            Sectorial de Finanzas Publicas
            Edificio Norte, Piso 5
            Centro Simon Bolivar
            Caracas 1010, Venezuela
                                           Telex:
                                             24215 HDACP
      For the Bank:
Page  11
            International Bank for
             Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         REPUBLIC OF VENEZUELA
                         By /s/ Simon Alberto Consalvi
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                         RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ Sri-Ram Aiyer
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                            SCHEDULE 1
              Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the allocation of the
amounts of the Loan to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
Category                  Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(1) Goods
    (including
    installation
    and service
    costs):
    (a)  Parts A.1,            1,000,000        100% of foreign
         A.2 and A.3                            expenditures,
         of the                                 100% of local
         Project                                expenditures (ex-
                                                factory cost) and
                                                90% of local
                                                expenditures for
                                                other items pro-
                                                cured locally
    (b)  Part A.4 of             200,000        100% of foreign
         the Project                            expenditures,
                                                100% of local
                                                expenditures (ex-
                                                factory cost) and
                                                90% of local
Page  12
                                                expenditures for
                                                other items pro-
                                                cured locally
                             Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
Category                  Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
    (c)  Part B of            15,600,000        100% of foreign
         the Project                            expenditures,
                                                100% of local
                                                expenditures (ex-
                                                factory cost) and
                                                90% of local
                                                expenditures for
                                                other items pro-
                                                cured locally
    (d)  Part C of               300,000        100% of foreign
         the Project                            expenditures,
                                                100% of local
                                                expenditures (ex-
                                                factory cost) and
                                                90% of local
                                                expenditures for
                                                other items pro-
                                                cured locally
(2) Consultants'
    services:
    (a)  Parts A.1, A.2        2,200,000        100%
         A.3 of the
         Project
    (b)  Part A.4 of           1,700,000        100%
         the Project
    (c)  Part B of             2,500,000        100%
         the Project
    (d)  Part C of             1,000,000        100%
         the Project
                             Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
Category                  Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(3) Training:
    (a)  Parts A.1, A.2          800,000        100%
         and A.3 of the
         Project
    (b)  Part A.4 of             100,000        100%
         the Project
    (c)  Part B of             1,300,000        100%
         the Project
    (d)  Part C of             2,300,000        100%
         the Project
(4) Unallocated                1,000,000
                               _________
         TOTAL                30,000,000
                              ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
Page  13
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower; and
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement, except that withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not to
exceed $1,500,000, may be made in respect of Categories 1, 2 and 3
on account of payments made for expenditures before that date but
after January 1, 1993;
      (b)   payments made for expenditures under Part C of the
Project, unless the Borrower has submitted to the Bank a plan of
action, satisfactory to the Bank, covering the activities under Part
C of the Project to be carried out during 1994 and the period
January 1995- July 1995;
      (c)   payments made for expenditures under Part B.4 of the
Project, unless the Bank and the Borrower have agreed on a program
to carry out such Part of the Project; and
      (d)   payments made for any expenditures under the Project
unless such expenditures are included in an action plan approved by
the Bank.
                           SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The ultimate objectives of the Project are to reduce the
private and social costs of justice and improve the enabling
environment in Venezuela for private sector development. Its
immediate objectives are to assist the Borrower in: (a) improving
the efficiency in the allocation of resources within its judicial
sector; (b) improving the efficiency and productivity of the courts
and Public Defender's Offices; (c) strengthening the institutional
capabilities of the Consejo to perform its functions; (d)
strengthening the institutional capabilities of the ESCUELA to
perform its functions; (e) strengthening the capabilities of the
judiciary personnel to perform their respective functions; and (f)
improving the physical condition of the courts.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Bank may agree upon
from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Institutional Strengthening of the Consejo
      A program for the institutional strengthening of the Consejo
consisting of:
      (1)   the provision of technical assistance, including
studies, to: (a) determine the level of budgetary allocations
required for operational supplies of the Venezuelan courts and
Public Defender Offices; (b) assess the adequacy of salaries of all
judicial personnel, including the Consejo's personnel and Public
Defender Offices personnel, in Venezuela, establish job descrip-
tions, and classifications and salary entry levels and make
recommendations on criteria for recruitment, promotion and salary
increases for each category; (c) implement program budgeting and
strengthen financial management; (d) develop court performance
indicators and a reliable system of court statistics and develop the
baseline data for purposes of the Performance Indicators; (e)
develop a reliable inventory of court buildings and equipment,
Page  14
standard models of courtroom design, a long-term investment plan and
plan future physical infrastructure requirements and prepare a pilot
court remodeling plan; (f) develop a personnel data base of the
entire court system and analyze training needs of the Consejo staff;
(g) assess policy and technological changes in storing of court
records, evaluate current policies and regulations on court fees and
judicial deposits; (h) design and install communication networks
within the Consejo, including communication networks between the
Consejo's regional offices; (i) strengthen the administrative
capacity of Consejo staff in the regional offices; (j) identify and
evaluate the effectiveness and impact of existing alternative
dispute resolution methods in Venezuela, and in other countries, and
make recommendations based on such evaluation; (k) evaluate
alternative means to improve access to justice for the poorest
segment of the Venezuelan society; (l) assess and monitor the
private costs of litigation; (m) assess alternatives for a
computerized data base on statutory and case law; (n) identify
priority areas in procedural law related to the Project objectives
and which merit further in-depth analysis; and (o) other technical
assistance, including studies, related to the objectives of the
Project and as may be agreed to by the Borrower and the Bank;
      (2)   the provision of training to: (a) Planning Directorate
staff in financial management and policy analysis; (b) Statistics
Division staff in analysis and publication of court statistics; (c)
Administration Directorate staff in analysis and planning of
building and equipment investment and maintenance; (d) Personnel
Directorate staff in human resource planning; (e) Internal Control
Directorate staff in auditing procedures; (f) General Archive
Division staff in court record keeping; (g) Inspectorate Directorate
staff in monitoring the reliability of court statistics and
providing technical assistance in court management; (h) Regional
Offices' staff in court management and supervision; and (i) other
training activities related to the objectives of the Project and as
may be agreed to by the Borrower and the Bank;
      (3)   the acquisition and utilization of vehicles and office
equipment required for the management information system,
statistical analysis, communication networks within the Consejo and
for supervision of the courts by the Consejo; and
      (4)   operation of the Project Implementation Unit including
acquisition of equipment and vehicles, and provision of consultants'
services and training.
Part B:    Modernization of Court Administration
      A program to modernize the system of court administration in
Venezuela consisting of:
      (1)   the design, implementation and evaluation of theOrganization Models in the 
Selected Courts and Public Defender
Offices;
      (2)   the provision of legal reference materials, (including
procedural legislation and case law material) and office equipment
to all courts and Public Defenders Offices;
      (3)   the provision of technical assistance to review all
laws, decrees, Consejo's regulations and other pertinent norms
regarding court administration for purposes of developing a
consolidated manual to be utilized by judicial personnel;
      (4)   the extension of an Organization Model or Models to
courts and/or Public Defender Offices in Venezuela, in addition to
the Selected Courts and Public Defender Offices, subject to, and in
accordance with Section 3.01 (b) (vi) of, and Part 3 (c) of Schedule
1 to this Agreement; and
      (5)   the provision of training to court personnel in
utilization of software and hardware.
Page  15
Part C:     Institutional Strengthening of the ESCUELA
      A program consisting of:
      (1)   the provision of technical assistance to: (a) determine
training needs and priorities of judges, court administrators,
Public Defenders and Inspectors; (b) develop course curricula for
in-service training of judicial personnel; (c) evaluate alternative
service delivery technologies, affording particular emphasis to
distance learning and the utilization of UNA's facilities therefor,
and determine instructional equipment required for the recommended
technologies; (d) identify potential instructors among judicial
personnel and organize training programs to improve their teaching
capacity and to train other instructors; (e) develop an evaluation
methodology for in-service training courses; (f) deliver and
evaluate pilot courses; (g) develop a long-term in-service training
plan; (h) plan and organize study tours for the ESCUELA staff,
members of the Judicial Advisory Commission and potential
instructors; and (i) organize and execute regional and national
conferences for judicial personnel;
      (2)   the provision of training to: (a) the staff of the
ESCUELA, the Judicial Advisory Commission and selected instructors
for purposes of strengthening their capacity to assess training
needs; develop training plans; design, plan and evaluate courses,
and to contract with independent providers of training courses; and
(b) judiciary personnel in management and selected substantive and
procedural legal subjects; and
      (3)   acquisition and utilization of instructional equipment
required to develop and deliver training materials.
Part D:     Construction, Rehabilitation and Upgrading of Courts
      A program to improve the physical condition and availability
of court buildings consisting of:
      (1)   the execution of physical improvements in the Selected
Courts and Public Defender Offices for purposes of implementing Part
B.1 of the Project;
      (2)   the construction of two hundred and fifty (250) courts
as provided in the implementation program in the Annex to this
Schedule; and
      (3)   the upgrading of approximately three hundred and fifty
(350) courts, primarily including the provision of movable
portioning for enhanced privacy in court operations, improved
security spaces for records and equipment and upgraded electrical
connections for computers.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1998.
                                      ANNEX
                     Implementation Program for Part D (2)
                                of the Project
      Unless otherwise agreed by the Bank, Part D (2) of the Project will follow
the implementation program set forth below:
                                          Date of
                                          completion
      Location                            of Construc-
                        Total Number      tion and          Implementing
State       City          of Courts       Rehabilitation        Agency
Federal     Caracas         122           December 31,      Centro Simon
District                                  1994              Bolivar (CSB)
Page  16
Apure       San Fernando     13           December 31,      Ministry of
                                          1994              Urban Develop-
                                                            ment (MINDUR)
Zulia       Maracaibo        58           December 31,      Centro Rafael
                                          1995              Urdaneta (CRU)
Barinas     Barinas          15           December 31,      MINDUR and
                                          1995              State of Barinas
N. Esparta  Porla Mar        13           December 31,      MINDUR and
                                          1994              State of N.
                                                            Esparta
Federal     Caracas          29           December 31,      CSB
District                                  1997
                            SCHEDULE 3
                       Amortization Schedule
                                    Payment of Principal
      Date Payment Due              (expressed in dollars)*
On each April 15 and October 15
      beginning April 15, 1998
      through April 15, 2007              1,500,000
and on October 15, 2007                   1,500,000
